<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230214_10-K_edgar_data_310522_0000310522-23-000184.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>41126899</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1075758</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>13322785</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14192569</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5857185</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5879243</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000310522-23-000184.hdr.sgml : 20230214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230214072441
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000310522-23-000184
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		174
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION FANNIE MAE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000310522
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FEDERAL & FEDERALLY-SPONSORED CREDIT AGENCIES [6111]
		IRS NUMBER:				520883107
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50231
		FILM NUMBER:		23622381

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MIDTOWN CENTER
		STREET 2:		1100 15TH ST, NW
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-232-6643

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MIDTOWN CENTER
		STREET 2:		1100 15TH ST, NW
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000310522-23-000184.txt : 20230214

10-K
 1
 fnm-20221231.htm
 10-K

fnm-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 Federal National Mortgage Association 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 Fannie Mae Federally chartered corporation (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None N/A N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the closing price of the common stock quoted on the OTCQB on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately million. 
 As of February 1, 2023, there were shares of common stock of the registrant outstanding. 

Table of Contents Page PART I Item 1. Business 1 
 Introduction 1 
 Executive Summary 2 
 Summary of Our Financial Performance 2 
 Liquidity Provided in 2022 3 
 Our Mission, Strategy and Charter 4 
 Mortgage Securitizations 5 
 Managing Mortgage Credit Risk 8 
 Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements 10 
 Legislation and Regulation 17 
 Human Capital 28 
 Where You Can Find Additional Information 30 
 Forward-Looking Statements 30 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 33 
 Risk Factors Summary 33 
 GSE and Conservatorship Risk 35 
 Credit Risk 41 
 Operational Risk 46 
 Liquidity and Funding Risk 51 
 Market and Industry Risk 52 
 Legal and Regulatory Risk 55 
 General Risk 56 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 57 
 Item 2. Properties 57 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 57 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 58 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 59 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 60 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 61 
 Key Market Economic Indicators 61 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 65 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis 76 
 Retained Mortgage Portfolio 78 
 Guaranty Book of Business 80 
 Business Segments 81 
 Single-Family Business 82 
 Single-Family Mortgage Market 84 
 Single-Family Mortgage-Related Securities Issuances Share 85 
 Single-Family Business Metrics 85 
 Single-Family Business Financial Results 87 
 Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 90 
 Multifamily Business 111 
 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 i 

Multifamily Mortgage Market 114 
 Multifamily Market Activity 115 
 Multifamily Business Metrics 115 
 Multifamily Business Financial Results 118 
 Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management 119 
 Consolidated Credit Ratios and Select Credit Information 125 
 Liquidity and Capital Management 126 
 Risk Management 136 
 Mortgage Credit Risk Management Overview 138 
 Climate and Natural Disaster Risk Management 138 
 Institutional Counterparty Credit Risk Management 141 
 Market Risk Management, including Interest-Rate Risk Management 149 
 Liquidity and Funding Risk Management 154 
 Operational Risk Management 154 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 155 
 Impact of Future Adoption of New Accounting Guidance 158 
 Glossary of Terms Used in This Report 158 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 161 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 161 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 161 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 161 
 Item 9B. Other Information 166 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 166 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 166 
 Directors 166 
 Corporate Governance 170 
 ESG Matters 177 
 Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 177 
 Executive Officers 180 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 182 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 182 
 Compensation Committee Report 198 
 Compensation Risk Assessment 199 
 Compensation Tables and Other Information 200 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 210 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 211 
 Policies and Procedures Relating to Transactions with Related Persons 211 
 Transactions with Related Persons 213 
 Director Independence 215 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 216 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 218 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 220 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 
 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 ii 

Business | Introduction 

PART I We have been under conservatorship, with the Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA acting as conservator, since September 6, 2008. As conservator, FHFA succeeded to all rights, titles, powers and privileges of the company, and of any shareholder, officer or director of the company with respect to the company and its assets. The conservator has since provided for the exercise of certain functions and authorities by our Board of Directors. Our directors owe their fiduciary duties of care and loyalty solely to the conservator. Thus, while we are in conservatorship, the Board has no fiduciary duties to the company or its stockholders. We do not know when or how the conservatorship will terminate, what further changes to our business will be made during or following conservatorship, what form we will have and what ownership interest, if any, our current common and preferred stockholders will hold in us after the conservatorship is terminated or whether we will continue to exist following conservatorship. 
 We are not currently permitted to pay dividends or other distributions to stockholders. Our agreements with the U.S. Department of the Treasury Treasury include a commitment from Treasury to provide us with funds to maintain a positive net worth under specified conditions; however, the U.S. government does not guarantee our securities or other obligations. Our agreements with Treasury also include covenants that significantly restrict our business activities. For additional information on the conservatorship, the uncertainty of our future, and our agreements with Treasury, see Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements and Risk Factors GSE and Conservatorship Risk. 
 
 Forward-looking statements in this report are based on management s current expectations and are subject to significant uncertainties and changes in circumstances, as we describe in Business Forward-Looking Statements. Future events and our future results may differ materially from those reflected in our forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including those discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. 
 You can find a Glossary of Terms Used in This Report in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A ). 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Introduction 
 Fannie Mae is a leading source of financing for mortgages in the United States. Organized as a government-sponsored entity, Fannie Mae is a shareholder-owned corporation. We were chartered by Congress to provide liquidity and stability to the residential mortgage market and to promote access to mortgage credit. Our revenues are primarily driven by guaranty fees we receive for assuming the credit risk on loans underlying the mortgage-backed securities we issue. We do not originate loans or lend money directly to borrowers. Rather, we work primarily with lenders who originate loans to borrowers. We acquire and securitize those loans into mortgage-backed securities that we guarantee (which we refer to as Fannie Mae MBS or our MBS). 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 1 

Business | Executive Summary 

 Executive Summary 
 Please read this summary together with our MD A, our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and the accompanying notes. 
 
 Summary of Our Financial Performance 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 Net revenues remained relatively flat in 2022 compared with 2021, as lower amortization income was offset by higher income from portfolios and higher base guaranty fee income. 
 Lower amortization income was driven by a higher interest rate environment in 2022, which slowed refinancing activity driving lower prepayment volumes compared with 2021. 
 Higher income from portfolios was primarily driven by higher yields on assets in our other investments portfolio as a result of increases in interest rates, as well as a decrease in interest expense on our long-term funding debt due to a decrease in the average outstanding balance; and 
 Higher base guaranty fee income was due to an increase in the size of our guaranty book of business and higher average charged guaranty fees. 
 Net income decreased 9.3 billion in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily driven by a 11.4 billion shift to provision for credit losses in 2022 from a benefit for credit losses in 2021. Also contributing to the decline in net income was a 1.6 billion shift to investment losses in 2022 from investment gains in 2021. These decreases were partially offset by higher fair value gains. 
 Provision for credit losses in 2022 was due to: 
 A single-family provision primarily driven by decreases in forecasted home prices, the overall credit risk profile of our newly acquired loans, and rising interest rates. 
 A multifamily provision primarily driven by an increase in expected credit losses on our seniors housing portfolio, which has been disproportionately impacted by recent market conditions, as well as higher actual and projected interest rates. 
 Net investment losses in 2022 were primarily driven by a significant decrease in the market value of single-family loans, which resulted in valuation losses on loans held-for-sale as of December 31, 2022, as well as lower prices on loans sold during the year. Net investment gains in 2021 were driven by strong loan pricing coupled with a high volume of single-family loan sales during the year. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 2 

Business | Executive Summary 

 Fair value gains in 2022 were primarily driven by the impact of rising interest rates and widening of the secondary spread, which led to price declines. As a result of the price declines, we recognized gains on our commitments to sell mortgage-related securities and long-term debt of consolidated trusts held at fair value. These gains were partially offset by fair value losses on fixed-rate trading securities. 
 Net worth increased by 12.9 billion in 2022 to 60.3 billion as of December 31, 2022. The increase is attributed to 12.9 billion of comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 2021 vs. 2020 
 Net revenues increased 4.6 billion in 2021 compared with 2020, driven by higher base guaranty fee income and higher amortization income partially offset by lower income from portfolios. 
 Higher base guaranty fee income was driven by the growth of our guaranty book of business along with higher average guaranty fees related to the loans in our book of business in 2021. 
 Higher amortization income was due to high prepayment volumes from loan refinancings as a result of the continued low interest-rate environment. The loans and associated debt of consolidated trusts that liquidated in 2021 also had larger unamortized deferred fees than those that liquidated in 2020. 
 Lower net interest income from our portfolios compared with 2020 was due to lower average balances and lower yields on our mortgage loans and securities partially offset by lower borrowing costs on our long-term funding debt. 
 Net income increased 10.4 billion in 2021 compared with 2020, mainly due to higher net revenues as discussed above plus a shift from provision for credit losses in 2020 to a benefit for credit losses in 2021. Benefit for credit losses in 2021 was primarily driven by strong actual and forecasted home price growth, a benefit from the redesignation of certain nonperforming and reperforming loans and a reduction in our estimate of losses we expected to incur as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by a provision for higher actual and projected interest rates. 
 Net worth increased by 22.1 billion in 2021 to 47.4 billion as of December 31, 2021. The increase is attributed to 22.1 billion of comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Liquidity Provided in 2022 
 Through our single-family and multifamily business segments, we provided 684 billion in liquidity to the mortgage market in 2022, which enabled the financing of approximately 2.6 million home purchases, refinancings and rental units. 
 Fannie Mae Provided 684 billion in Liquidity in 2022 Unpaid Principal Balance Units 378B 
 1,151K 
 Single-Family Home Purchases 
 237B 
 886K 
 Single-Family Refinancings 
 69B 
 598K Multifamily Rental Units 
 We continued our commitment to green financing in 2022, issuing a total of 9.1 billion in multifamily green MBS, 1.4 billion in single-family green MBS, and 781 million in multifamily green resecuritizations. We also issued 11.8 billion in multifamily social MBS and 773 million in multifamily social resecuritizations in 2022. These green and social bonds were issued in alignment with our Sustainable Bond Framework, which guides our issuances of green and social bonds that support energy and water efficiency and housing affordability. A portion of these bonds meet both program criteria and are included in each respective category. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 3 

Business | Our Mission, Strategy and Charter 

Our Mission, Strategy and Charter 
 Our Mission and Strategy 
 Our mission is to facilitate equitable and sustainable access to homeownership and quality affordable rental housing across America. 
 We have developed a new strategic plan for 2023 to 2025 representing how we intend to achieve our mission and chartered purposes in a safe and sound manner. Our strategic plan includes the following foundational objectives and related priorities. 
 Objectives Related Priorities Improve Access to Equitable and Sustainable Housing: Build on our mission-first culture to deliver positive community outcomes that serve renters and homeowners. 
 Advance greater equity in the housing finance system by removing significant barriers to quality affordable housing, particularly for historically underserved consumers. 
 Increase and preserve access to sustainable housing by maintaining inclusive credit standards, helping consumers navigate hardships, and supporting the housing ecosystem s adaptation to climate change. 
 Increase efficiency, reduce frictions, and benefit borrowers and renters through lender, fintech, and other stakeholder engagements. 
 Enhance our Financial and Risk Positions: Ensure that we are financially secure, can earn investable returns, and manage risk to the firm and the housing finance system. 
 Improve our capabilities to price and manage our business to balance mission, housing goals, duties to serve, risk profile, returns, and securities performance. 
 Manage risk dynamically through changing market conditions, evolving risks, and the growing impacts of climate change. 
 Generate strong financial results and continue to build net worth. 
 
 This strategic plan remains subject to FHFA review and approval. 
 In addition, since 2012, FHFA has released annual corporate performance objectives for us, referred to as the conservatorship scorecard. For information on FHFA s 2023 conservatorship scorecard objectives, see our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on January 10, 2023. For information on FHFA s 2022 conservatorship scorecard objectives and our performance against these objectives, see Executive Compensation Determination of 2022 Compensation Assessment of Corporate Performance against 2022 Scorecard. 
 Our Charter 
 The Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act (the Charter Act establishes the parameters under which we operate and our purposes, which are to: 
 provide stability in the secondary market for residential mortgages; 
 respond appropriately to the private capital market; 
 provide ongoing assistance to the secondary market for residential mortgages (including activities relating to mortgages on housing for low- and moderate-income families involving a reasonable economic return that may be less than the return earned on other activities) by increasing the liquidity of mortgage investments and improving the distribution of investment capital available for residential mortgage financing; and 
 promote access to mortgage credit throughout the nation (including central cities, rural areas and underserved areas) by increasing the liquidity of mortgage investments and improving the distribution of investment capital available for residential mortgage financing. 
 The Charter Act specifies that our operations are to be financed by private capital to the maximum extent feasible. We are expected to earn reasonable economic returns on all our activities. However, we may accept lower returns on certain activities relating to mortgages on housing for low- and moderate-income families in order to support those segments of the market. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 4 

Business | Our Mission, Strategy and Charter 

Principal balance limitations. To meet our purposes, the Charter Act authorizes us to purchase and securitize mortgage loans secured by single-family and multifamily properties. Our acquisitions of single-family conventional mortgage loans are subject to maximum original principal balance limits, known as conforming loan limits. The conforming loan limits are adjusted each year based on FHFA s housing price index. In most of the U.S., the conforming loan limit for mortgages secured by one-family residences was set at 647,200 for 2022, and will increase to 726,200 for 2023. Higher limits apply for mortgages secured by two- to four-family residences and in four statutorily-designated states and territories (Alaska, Hawaii, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands). In addition, higher loan limits of up to 150 of the otherwise applicable loan limit apply in certain high-cost areas. The Charter Act does not impose maximum original principal balance limits on loans we purchase or securitize that are insured by the Federal Housing Administration FHA or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs VA ). 
 The Charter Act also includes the following provisions: 
 Credit enhancement requirements. The Charter Act generally requires credit enhancement on any single-family conventional mortgage loan that we purchase or securitize that has a loan-to-value LTV ratio over 80 at the time of purchase. The credit enhancement may take the form of one or more of the following: (1) insurance or a guaranty by a qualified insurer on the portion of the unpaid principal balance of a mortgage loan that exceeds 80 of the property value; (2) a seller s agreement to repurchase or replace the loan in the event of default; or (3) retention by the seller of at least a 10 participation interest in the loan. Regardless of LTV ratio, the Charter Act does not require us to obtain credit enhancement to purchase or securitize loans insured by FHA or guaranteed by the VA. 
 Issuances of our securities. We are authorized, upon the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, to issue debt obligations and mortgage-related securities. Neither the U.S. government nor any of its agencies guarantees, directly or indirectly, our debt or mortgage-related securities. 
 Authority of Treasury to purchase our debt obligations. At the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, Treasury may purchase our debt obligations up to a maximum of 2.25 billion outstanding at any one time. 
 Exemption for our securities offerings. Our securities offerings are exempt from registration requirements under the federal securities laws. As a result, we do not file registration statements or prospectuses with the SEC with respect to our securities offerings. However, our equity securities are not treated as exempt securities for purposes of Sections 12, 13, 14 or 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Consequently, we are required to file periodic and current reports with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K. Our non-equity securities are exempt securities under the Exchange Act. 
 Exemption from specified taxes. Fannie Mae is exempt from taxation by states, territories, counties, municipalities and local taxing authorities, except for taxation by those authorities on our real property. We are not exempt from the payment of federal corporate income taxes. 
 Limitations. We may not originate mortgage loans or advance funds to a mortgage seller on an interim basis, using mortgage loans as collateral, pending the sale of the mortgages in the secondary market. We may purchase or securitize mortgage loans only on properties located in the United States and its territories. 
 
 Mortgage Securitizations 
 We support market liquidity by issuing Fannie Mae MBS that are readily traded in the capital markets. We create Fannie Mae MBS by placing mortgage loans in a trust and issuing securities that are backed by those mortgage loans. Monthly payments received on the loans are the primary source of payments passed through to Fannie Mae MBS holders. We guarantee to the MBS trust that we will supplement amounts received by the MBS trust as required to permit timely payment of principal and interest on the trust certificates. In return for this guaranty, we receive guaranty fees. 
 Below we discuss the three broad categories of our securitization transactions and the uniform mortgage-backed securities we issue. 
 Securitization Transactions 
 We currently securitize a substantial majority of the single-family and multifamily mortgage loans we acquire. Our securitization transactions primarily fall within three broad categories: lender swap transactions, portfolio securitizations, and structured securitizations. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 5 

Business | Mortgage Securitizations 

 Lender Swap Transactions 
 In a single-family lender swap transaction, a mortgage lender that operates in the primary mortgage market generally delivers a pool of mortgage loans to us in exchange for Fannie Mae MBS backed by these mortgage loans. Lenders may hold the Fannie Mae MBS they receive from us or sell them to investors. A pool of mortgage loans is a group of mortgage loans with similar characteristics. After receiving the mortgage loans in a lender swap transaction, we place them in a trust for which we serve as trustee. This trust is established for the sole purpose of holding the mortgage loans separate and apart from our corporate assets. We guarantee to each MBS trust that we will supplement amounts received by the MBS trust as required to permit timely payment of principal and interest on the related Fannie Mae MBS. We are entitled to a portion of the interest payment as a fee for providing our guaranty. The mortgage servicer also retains a portion of the interest payment as a fee for servicing the loan. Then, on behalf of the trust, we make monthly distributions to the Fannie Mae MBS certificateholders from the principal and interest payments and other collections on the underlying mortgage loans. 
 Lender Swap Transaction 
 
 Our Multifamily business generally creates multifamily Fannie Mae MBS in lender swap transactions in a manner similar to our Single-Family business. Multifamily lenders typically deliver only one mortgage loan to back each multifamily Fannie Mae MBS. The characteristics of each mortgage loan are used to establish guaranty fees on a risk-adjusted basis. Securitizing a multifamily mortgage loan into a Fannie Mae MBS facilitates its sale into the secondary market. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 6 

Business | Mortgage Securitizations 

 Portfolio Securitization Transactions 
 We also purchase mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities for securitization and sale at a later date through our portfolio securitization transactions. Most of our portfolio securitization transactions are driven by our single-family whole loan conduit activities, pursuant to which we purchase single-family whole loans from a large group of typically small to mid-sized lenders principally for the purpose of securitizing the loans into Fannie Mae MBS, which may then be sold to dealers and investors. 
 Portfolio Securitization Transaction 
 
 Structured Securitization Transactions 
 In a structured securitization transaction, we create structured Fannie Mae MBS, typically for lenders or securities dealers, in exchange for a transaction fee. In these transactions, the lender or dealer swaps a mortgage-related asset that it owns (typically a mortgage security) in exchange for a structured Fannie Mae MBS we issue. The process for issuing Fannie Mae MBS in a structured securitization is similar to the process involved in our lender swap securitizations described above. 
 We also issue structured transactions backed by multifamily Fannie Mae MBS through the Fannie Mae Guaranteed Multifamily Structures Fannie Mae GeMS TM program, which provides additional liquidity and stability to the multifamily market, while expanding the investor base for multifamily Fannie Mae MBS. 
 Uniform Mortgage-Backed Securities, or UMBS 
 Overview 
 Since 2019, we and Freddie Mac have each been issuing UMBS , a uniform mortgage-backed security intended to maximize liquidity for both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac mortgage-backed securities in the to-be-announced TBA market. 
 UMBS and Structured Securities 
 Each of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (the GSEs issues and guarantees UMBS and structured securities backed by UMBS and other securities, as described below. 
 UMBS. Each of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac issues and guarantees UMBS that are directly backed by the mortgage loans it has acquired, referred to as first-level securities. UMBS issued by Fannie Mae are backed only by mortgage loans that Fannie Mae has acquired, and similarly UMBS issued by Freddie Mac are backed only by mortgage loans that Freddie Mac has acquired. There is no commingling of Fannie Mae- and Freddie Mac-acquired loans within UMBS. 
 Mortgage loans backing UMBS are limited to fixed-rate mortgage loans eligible for financing through the TBA market. We continue to issue some types of Fannie Mae MBS that are not TBA-eligible and therefore are not issued as UMBS, such as single-family Fannie Mae MBS backed by adjustable-rate mortgages and all multifamily Fannie Mae MBS. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 7 

Business | Mortgage Securitizations 

 Structured Securities. Each of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac also issues and guarantees structured mortgage-backed securities, referred to as second-level securities, that are resecuritizations of UMBS or previously-issued structured securities. In contrast to UMBS, second-level securities can be commingled that is, they can include both Fannie Mae securities and Freddie Mac securities as the underlying collateral for the security. These structured securities include Supers , which are single-class resecuritizations, and Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits REMICs ), which are multi-class resecuritizations. While Supers are backed only by TBA-eligible securities, REMICs can be backed by TBA-eligible or non-TBA-eligible securities. 
 In July 2022, we implemented a new upfront fee to create structured securities that include Freddie Mac securities, calculated as 50 basis points on the portion of the securities made up of Freddie Mac-issued collateral. Previously, there had been no fee to create these commingled securities. We implemented the fee to partially address the cost of capital we are required to hold to guarantee Freddie Mac s securities. Freddie Mac implemented a similar fee. 
 On January 19, 2023, we, Freddie Mac and the Director of FHFA announced a reduction in this upfront fee for commingled securities to 9.375 basis points, effective April 1, 2023. In announcing the reduced fee, the Director of FHFA stated that FHFA is dedicated to preserving the strength and resilience of the UMBS market and committed to maintaining a durable framework that will enable commingling activity to resume in a way that addresses the concerns of all stakeholders to the greatest extent possible. She also stated that FHFA continues its review of the enterprise regulatory capital framework to ensure the framework appropriately reflects the risks of Fannie Mae s and Freddie Mac s business activities, including commingled securities. 
 The key features of UMBS are the same as those of legacy single-family Fannie Mae MBS. Accordingly, all single-family Fannie Mae MBS that are directly backed by fixed-rate loans and generally eligible for trading in the TBA market are considered UMBS, whether issued before or after the introduction of UMBS. In this report, we use the term Fannie Mae-issued UMBS to refer to single-family Fannie Mae MBS that are directly backed by fixed-rate mortgage loans and generally eligible for trading in the TBA market. We use the term Fannie Mae MBS or our MBS to refer to any type of mortgage-backed security that we issue, including UMBS, Supers, REMICs and other types of single-family or multifamily mortgage-backed securities. References to our single-family guaranty book of business in this report exclude Freddie Mac-acquired mortgage loans underlying Freddie Mac mortgage-related securities that we have resecuritized. 
 Common Securitization Platform 
 Certain aspects of the securitization process for our single-family Fannie Mae MBS issuances are performed by Common Securitization Solutions, LLC CSS ), which is a limited liability company we own jointly with Freddie Mac. CSS operates a common securitization platform, which was designed to allow for the potential integration of additional market participants in the future. In October 2021, FHFA announced its determination that CSS should focus on maintaining the resiliency of Fannie Mae s and Freddie Mac s mortgage-backed securities platform instead of expanding its role to serve a broader market. 
 We rely on the common securitization platform operated by CSS to securitize the single-family MBS we issue and for ongoing administrative functions for our single-family MBS. We do not use the common securitization platform for multifamily Fannie Mae MBS. See Risk Factors GSE and Conservatorship Risk for a discussion of risks posed by our reliance on CSS. 
 
 Managing Mortgage Credit Risk 
 Effectively pricing and managing mortgage credit risk is key to our business. Below we discuss key elements of how we are compensated for and manage the risk of credit losses through the life cycle of our loans. 
 
 Loan Acquisition Policies 
 Loans we acquire must be underwritten in accordance with our guidelines and standards. 
 In Single-Family, the substantial majority of loans we acquire are assessed by Desktop Underwriter (DU ), our proprietary single-family automated underwriting system. DU performs a comprehensive evaluation of the primary risk factors of a mortgage. We regularly review DU s underlying models to determine whether its risk analysis and eligibility assessment appropriately reflect current market conditions and loan performance data to ensure the loans we acquire are consistent with our risk appetite and FHFA guidance. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 8 

Business | Managing Mortgage Credit Risk 

 In Multifamily, we acquire the vast majority of our loans through our Delegated Underwriting and Servicing (DUS Program. DUS lenders, who must be pre-approved by us, are delegated the authority to underwrite and service loans for delivery to us in accordance with our standards and requirements. Based on a given loan s unique characteristics and our established delegation criteria, lenders assess whether a loan must be reviewed by us. If review is required, our internal credit team will assess the loan s risk profile to determine if it meets our risk tolerances. DUS lenders also share with us the risk of loss on our multifamily loans, thereby aligning our interests throughout the life of the loan. We closely monitor our multifamily loan acquisitions and market conditions and, as appropriate, make changes to our standards and requirements to ensure the amount and characteristics of the multifamily loans we acquire are consistent with our risk appetite and FHFA guidance, such as FHFA s annual volume cap. 
 For more information about our mortgage acquisition policies and underwriting standards, see MD A Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management and MD A Multifamily Business Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management. 
 In exchange for managing credit risk on the loans we acquire, we receive guaranty fees that take into account, among other factors, the credit risk characteristics of the loans we acquire. We provide information about our guaranty fees in MD A Single-Family Business Single-Family Business Metrics and in MD A Multifamily Business Multifamily Business Metrics. 
 Loan Performance Management 
 We closely monitor the performance of loans in our guaranty book of business and we work to reduce defaults and mitigate the severity of credit losses through our servicing policies and practices. 
 Single-Family Loans 
 For single-family loans, the most important loan performance criteria we monitor are (1) serious delinquency rates, which are typically strong indicators of loans that are at a heightened risk of default, and (2) mark-to-market LTV ratios, which affect both the likelihood of losses and the potential severity of any losses we may ultimately realize. While mark-to-market LTV ratios are significantly impacted by changes in home prices, which are outside our control, we have an array of loss mitigation tools to try to reduce defaults on delinquent loans and to minimize the severity of the losses we do incur. 
 We consider single-family loans to be seriously delinquent when they are 90 days or more past due or in the foreclosure process. Once a single-family loan becomes 36 days past due, the servicer is required to make weekly attempts, for the next six months, to contact the borrower to try to engage in steps to resolve the delinquency. Our loss mitigation tools include payment forbearance, repayment plans, payment deferrals and loan modifications. We describe these tools and discuss them further in MD A Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management Single-Family Problem Loan Management. Successful loan reperformance is heavily influenced by the effective use of these tools and the amount of equity the borrower has in their home. 
 For delinquent loans that are unable to reperform, we use alternatives to foreclosure where possible, such as short sales, which generally reduce our credit losses while helping borrowers avoid foreclosure. We provide more information on short sales and our other foreclosure alternatives in MD A Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management Single-Family Problem Loan Management Loan Workout Metrics Foreclosure Alternatives. When we acquire properties, including through foreclosure, our primary objectives are to facilitate equitable and sustainable access to homeownership, quality affordable rental housing, and housing for owner occupant and community-minded purchasers, while obtaining the highest price possible. The value of the underlying property relative to the loan s unpaid principal balance has a significant impact on the severity of loss we incur as a result of loan default. We provide information on the mark-to-market LTV ratio of loans in our single-family conventional book of business in MD A Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management Single-Family Portfolio Diversification and Monitoring. 
 We present additional information on the credit characteristics and performance of our single-family loans in MD A Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management and Note 13, Concentrations of Credit Risk Risk Characteristics of our Guaranty Book of Business. 
 Multifamily Loans 
 For multifamily loans, key indicators of credit risk are debt service coverage ratios DSCRs and delinquency rates. Loans with lower DSCRs, particularly loans with an estimated current DSCR below 1.0, and seriously 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 9 

Business | Managing Mortgage Credit Risk 

 delinquent loans indicate a heightened risk of default. We consider a multifamily loan seriously delinquent when it is 60 days or more past due. 
 For loans with indicators of heightened default risk, our DUS lenders work with us to help maintain the credit quality of the multifamily guaranty book of business and prevent foreclosures through loss mitigation strategies such as payment forbearance or loan modification. 
 For loans that ultimately default, we work to minimize the severity of loss in several ways, including pursuing contractual remedies through our DUS loss-sharing arrangements and with providers of additional credit enhancements where available. 
 We may offer forbearance for borrowers experiencing temporary challenges, like natural disasters and financial hardship. 
 We present information on the credit characteristics and performance of our multifamily loans in MD A Multifamily Business Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management and Note 13, Concentrations of Credit Risk Risk Characteristics of our Guaranty Book of Business. 
 Sharing and Selling Credit Risk 
 In addition to managing credit risk through our selling and servicing practices, we also share and transfer credit risk to third parties through a variety of credit enhancement products and programs. 
 For single-family loans we acquire with an LTV ratio over 80 our charter generally requires credit enhancement, which we typically meet through third-party primary mortgage insurance. 
 Our Multifamily business uses a shared-risk business model that distributes credit risk to the private markets, primarily through our DUS program. Under DUS, our multifamily lenders typically share with us approximately one-third of the credit risk on these loans, aligning the interests of lenders and Fannie Mae. DUS lenders receive credit-risk-related compensation in exchange for sharing risk. The lender risk-sharing we obtain through our DUS program accompanies our multifamily loans at the time we acquire them. 
 We use other types of credit enhancements, including pool mortgage insurance and credit risk transfer transactions. In our credit risk transfer transactions, we use risk-sharing capabilities we have developed to obtain credit enhancement by transferring portions of our single-family and multifamily mortgage credit risk on reference pools of mortgage loans to the private market. Our credit risk transfer transactions effectively reduce the guaranty fee income we retain on the loans covered by the transactions, as a portion of the guaranty fee on the loans is paid to investors as compensation for taking a share of the credit risk. Our credit risk transfer transactions are designed to transfer to the investors, in exchange for these payments, a portion of the losses we expect would be incurred in an economic downturn or a stressed credit environment. 
 For more information about our loans with credit enhancement, see MD A Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management Single-Family Credit Enhancement and Transfer of Mortgage Credit Risk and MD A Multifamily Business Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management. See Risk Factors Credit Risk for discussion of the mortgage credit risks we face. 
 
 Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements 
 Conservatorship 
 On September 6, 2008, the Director of FHFA appointed FHFA as our conservator, pursuant to authority provided by the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992, as amended, including by the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (together, the GSE Act ). The conservatorship is a statutory process designed to preserve and conserve our assets and property and put the company in a sound and solvent condition. 
 The conservatorship has no specified termination date. For more information on the risks to our business relating to the conservatorship and uncertainties regarding the future of our company and business, as well as the adverse effects of the conservatorship on the rights of holders of our common and preferred stock, see Risk Factors GSE and Conservatorship Risk. 
 Our conservatorship could terminate through a receivership. For information on the circumstances under which FHFA is required or permitted to place us into receivership and the potential consequences of receivership, see Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters Receivership and Risk Factors GSE and Conservatorship Risk. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 10 

Business | Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements 

 Management of the Company during Conservatorship 
 Upon its appointment, the conservator immediately succeeded to (1) all rights, titles, powers and privileges of Fannie Mae, and of any shareholder, officer or director of Fannie Mae with respect to Fannie Mae and its assets, and (2) title to the books, records and assets of any other legal custodian of Fannie Mae. The conservator subsequently issued an order that provided for our Board of Directors to exercise specified functions and authorities. The conservator also provided instructions regarding matters for which conservator decision or notification is required. The conservator retains the authority to amend or withdraw its order and instructions at any time. For more information on the functions and authorities of our Board of Directors during conservatorship, see Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Conservatorship and Board Authorities. 
 Our directors serve on behalf of the conservator and exercise their authority as directed by and with the approval, where required, of the conservator. Our directors owe their fiduciary duties of care and loyalty solely to the conservator. Thus, while we are in conservatorship, the Board has no fiduciary duties to the company or its stockholders. 
 Because we are in conservatorship, our common stockholders currently do not have the ability to elect directors or to vote on other matters. The conservator eliminated common and preferred stock dividends (other than dividends on the senior preferred stock issued to Treasury) during the conservatorship. 
 Powers of the Conservator under the GSE Act 
 FHFA has broad powers when acting as our conservator. As conservator, FHFA can direct us to enter into contracts or enter into contracts on our behalf. Further, FHFA may transfer or sell any of our assets or liabilities (subject to limitations and post-transfer notice provisions for transfers of certain types of financial contracts), without any approval, assignment of rights or consent of any party. However, mortgage loans and mortgage-related assets that have been transferred to a Fannie Mae MBS trust must be held by the conservator for the beneficial owners of the Fannie Mae MBS and cannot be used to satisfy the general creditors of the company. Neither the conservatorship nor the terms of our agreements with Treasury change our obligation to make required payments on our debt securities or perform under our mortgage guaranty obligations. 
 A Supreme Court decision in June 2021, in Collins et al. v. Yellen, Secretary of the Treasury, et al., held that the President has the power to remove the Director of FHFA for any reason, not just for cause. The Supreme Court s opinion in Collins v. Yellen also included an expansive interpretation of FHFA s authority as conservator under the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, noting that when the FHFA acts as a conservator, it may aim to rehabilitate the regulated entity in a way that, while not in the best interests of the regulated entity, is beneficial to the Agency and, by extension, the public it serves. See Risk Factors GSE and Conservatorship Risk for a discussion of the risks relating to conservatorship. 
 Treasury Agreements 
 On September 7, 2008, Fannie Mae, through FHFA in its capacity as conservator, entered into a senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury, pursuant to which we issued to Treasury one million shares of Variable Liquidation Preference Senior Preferred Stock, Series 2008-2, which we refer to as the senior preferred stock, and a warrant to purchase shares of common stock equal to 79.9 of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis at the time the warrant is exercised for a nominal price. The senior preferred stock purchase agreement and the dividend and liquidation provisions of the senior preferred stock have been amended multiple times, most recently in January 2021, pursuant to a letter agreement between us, through FHFA in its capacity as conservator, and Treasury. Some provisions added to the agreement in January 2021 were subsequently temporarily suspended pursuant to a September 2021 letter agreement. Below we discuss the terms of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement and the senior preferred stock as they are currently in effect. See Risk Factors GSE and Conservatorship Risk for a description of the risks to our business relating to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, as well as the adverse effects of the senior preferred stock and the warrant on the rights of holders of our common stock and other series of preferred stock. 
 Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement 
 Funds Available for Draw 
 The senior preferred stock purchase agreement provides that, on a quarterly basis, we may draw funds up to the amount, if any, by which our total liabilities exceed our total assets, as reflected in our consolidated balance sheet, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ), for the applicable fiscal quarter (referred to as the deficiency amount ), up to the maximum amount of remaining funding under the agreement. As of the date of this filing, the maximum amount of remaining funding under the agreement is 113.9 billion. If we were to draw additional funds from Treasury under the agreement with respect to a future period, the 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 11 

Business | Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements 

 amount of remaining funding under the agreement would be reduced by the amount of our draw. The senior preferred stock purchase agreement provides that the deficiency amount will be calculated differently if we become subject to receivership or other liquidation process. 
 Commitment Fee and Capital Reserve End Date 
 The senior preferred stock purchase agreement provides for the payment of an unspecified quarterly commitment fee to Treasury to compensate Treasury for its ongoing support under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. The amount of this fee, as well as a number of the agreement s other terms and the terms of the senior preferred stock, depend on whether we have reached the capital reserve end date, which is defined as the last day of the second consecutive fiscal quarter during which we have had and maintained capital equal to, or in excess of, all of the capital requirements and buffers under the enterprise regulatory capital framework, which is discussed in Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters Capital Requirements. Under the agreement, (1) through and continuing until the capital reserve end date, the periodic commitment fee will not be set, accrue, or be payable, and (2) not later than the capital reserve end date, we and Treasury, in consultation with the Chair of the Federal Reserve, will agree to set the periodic commitment fee. Treasury s funding commitment under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement has no expiration date. The agreement provides that Treasury s funding commitment will terminate under any of the following circumstances: (1) the completion of our liquidation and fulfillment of Treasury s obligations under its funding commitment at that time; (2) the payment in full of, or reasonable provision for, all of our liabilities (whether or not contingent, including mortgage guaranty obligations); or (3) the funding by Treasury of the maximum amount that may be funded under the agreement. In addition, Treasury may terminate its funding commitment and declare the agreement null and void if a court vacates, modifies, amends, conditions, enjoins, stays or otherwise affects the appointment of the conservator or otherwise curtails the conservator s powers. 
 Debt and MBS Holders 
 If we default on payments with respect to our debt securities or guaranteed Fannie Mae MBS and Treasury fails to perform its obligations under its funding commitment, and if we and/or the conservator are not diligently pursuing remedies in respect of that failure, the senior preferred stock purchase agreement provides that any holder of such defaulted debt securities or Fannie Mae MBS may file a claim in the United States Court of Federal Claims for relief requiring Treasury to fund us up to (1) the amount necessary to cure the payment defaults on our debt and Fannie Mae MBS, (2) the deficiency amount, or (3) the amount of remaining funding under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, whichever is the least. Any payment that Treasury makes under those circumstances would be treated for all purposes as a draw under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement that would increase the liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock. 
 Most provisions of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement may be waived or amended by mutual agreement of the parties; however, no waiver or amendment of the agreement is permitted that would decrease Treasury s aggregate funding commitment or add conditions to Treasury s funding commitment if the waiver or amendment would adversely affect in any material respect the holders of our debt securities or guaranteed Fannie Mae MBS. 
 Senior Preferred Stock 
 Dividend Provisions 
 Treasury, as the holder of the senior preferred stock, is entitled to receive, when, as and if declared, out of legally available funds, cumulative quarterly cash dividends. The dividends we have paid to Treasury on the senior preferred stock during conservatorship have been declared by, and paid at the direction of, our conservator, acting as successor to the rights, titles, powers and privileges of the Board of Directors. Dividend payments we make to Treasury do not restore or increase the amount of funding available to us under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. 
 The dividend provisions of the senior preferred stock were amended pursuant to the January 2021 letter agreement to permit us to retain increases in our net worth until our net worth exceeds the amount of adjusted total capital necessary for us to meet the capital requirements and buffers under the enterprise regulatory capital framework. As described more fully below, after the capital reserve end date, the amount of quarterly dividends to Treasury will be equal to the lesser of any quarterly increase in our net worth and a 10 annual rate on the then-current liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock. As a result of these provisions, our ability to retain earnings in excess of the capital requirements and buffers set forth in the enterprise regulatory capital framework will be limited. 
 Dividend Amount Prior to Capital Reserve End Date 
 The terms of the senior preferred stock provide for dividends each quarter in the amount, if any, by which our net worth as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter exceeds an applicable capital reserve amount. The January 2021 letter agreement increased the applicable capital reserve amount, starting with the quarterly dividend period 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 12 

Business | Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements 

 ending on December 31, 2020, from 25 billion to the amount of adjusted total capital necessary for us to meet the capital requirements and buffers set forth in the enterprise regulatory capital framework. If our net worth does not exceed this amount as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, then dividends will neither accumulate nor be payable for such period. Our net worth is defined as the amount, if any, by which our total assets (excluding Treasury s funding commitment and any unfunded amounts related to the commitment) exceed our total liabilities (excluding any obligation with respect to capital stock), in each case as reflected on our balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Dividend Amount Following Capital Reserve End Date 
 Beginning on the first dividend period following the capital reserve end date, the applicable quarterly dividend amount on the senior preferred stock will be the lesser of: 
 (1) a 10 annual rate on the then-current liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock; and 
 (2) an amount equal to the incremental increase in our net worth during the immediately prior fiscal quarter. 
 However, the applicable quarterly dividend amount will immediately increase to a 12 annual rate on the then-current liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock if we fail to timely pay dividends in cash to Treasury. This increased dividend amount will continue until the dividend period following the date we have paid, in cash, full cumulative dividends to Treasury (including any unpaid dividends), at which point the applicable quarterly dividend amount will revert to the prior calculation method. 
 Liquidation Preference 
 Shares of the senior preferred stock have no par value and have a stated value and initial liquidation preference equal to 1,000 per share, for an aggregate initial liquidation preference of 1 billion. 
 Under the terms that currently govern the senior preferred stock, the aggregate liquidation preference will be increased by the following: 
 any amounts Treasury pays to us pursuant to its funding commitment under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement (as of the date of this filing, the cumulative amount Treasury has paid to us under its funding commitment is 119.8 billion); 
 any quarterly commitment fees that are payable but not paid in cash (no such fees have become payable, nor will such fees be set until the capital reserve end date); 
 any dividends that are payable but not paid in cash to Treasury, regardless of whether or not they are declared; and 
 at the end of each fiscal quarter through and including the capital reserve end date, an amount equal to the increase in our net worth, if any, during the immediately prior fiscal quarter. 
 The aggregate liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock was 180.3 billion as of December 31, 2022. It will increase to 181.8 billion as of March 31, 2023 due to the 1.4 billion increase in our net worth during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The senior preferred stock ranks ahead of our common stock and all other outstanding series of our preferred stock, as well as any capital stock we issue in the future, as to both dividends and rights upon liquidation. As a result, if we are liquidated, the holder of the senior preferred stock is entitled to its then current liquidation preference before any distribution is made to the holders of our common stock or other preferred stock. 
 Limitations on Redemption and Paydown of Liquidation Preference; Requirement to Pay Net Proceeds of Capital Stock Issuances to Reduce Liquidation Preference 
 We are not permitted to redeem the senior preferred stock prior to the termination of Treasury s funding commitment under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. Moreover, we are not permitted to pay down the liquidation preference of the outstanding shares of senior preferred stock except to the extent of (1) accumulated and unpaid dividends previously added to the liquidation preference and not previously paid down; and (2) quarterly commitment fees previously added to the liquidation preference and not previously paid down. In addition to these exceptions, if we issue any shares of capital stock for cash while the senior preferred stock is outstanding, the net proceeds of the issuance, with the exception of up to 70 billion in aggregate gross cash proceeds from the issuance of common stock, must be used to pay down the liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock. As described below under Covenants under Treasury Agreements, we may issue common stock ranking pari passu or junior to the common stock issued to Treasury in connection with the exercise of its warrant provided that (i) Treasury has already exercised its warrant in full, and (ii) all currently pending significant litigation relating to the conservatorship and the August 2012 amendment to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement has been resolved. The liquidation preference of each 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 13 

Business | Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements 

 share of senior preferred stock may not be paid down below 1,000 per share prior to the termination of Treasury s funding commitment. Following the termination of Treasury s funding commitment, we may pay down the liquidation preference of all outstanding shares of senior preferred stock at any time, in whole or in part. 
 Additional Senior Preferred Stock Provisions 
 The senior preferred stock provides that we may not, at any time, declare or pay dividends on, make distributions with respect to, or redeem, purchase or acquire, or make a liquidation payment with respect to, any common stock or other securities ranking junior to the senior preferred stock unless (1) full cumulative dividends on the outstanding senior preferred stock (including any unpaid dividends added to the liquidation preference) have been declared and paid in cash, and (2) all amounts required to be paid with the net proceeds of any issuance of capital stock for cash (as described in the preceding paragraph) have been paid in cash. Shares of the senior preferred stock are not convertible. Shares of the senior preferred stock have no general or special voting rights, other than those set forth in the certificate of designation for the senior preferred stock or otherwise required by law. The consent of holders of at least two-thirds of all outstanding shares of senior preferred stock is generally required to amend the terms of the senior preferred stock or to create any class or series of stock that ranks prior to or on parity with the senior preferred stock. 
 Common Stock Warrant 
 Pursuant to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, on September 7, 2008, we, through FHFA in its capacity as conservator, issued to Treasury a warrant to purchase shares of our common stock equal to 79.9 of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis on the date the warrant is exercised, for an exercise price of 0.00001 per share. The warrant may be exercised in whole or in part at any time on or before September 7, 2028. 
 Covenants under Treasury Agreements 
 The senior preferred stock purchase agreement contains covenants that prohibit us from taking a number of actions without the prior written consent of Treasury, including: 
 paying dividends or other distributions on or repurchasing our equity securities (other than the senior preferred stock or warrant); 
 issuing equity securities, except for stock issuances made (1) to Treasury, (2) pursuant to obligations that existed at the time we entered conservatorship, and (3) as amended by the January 2021 letter agreement, for common stock ranking pari passu or junior to the common stock issued to Treasury in connection with the exercise of its warrant, provided that (i) Treasury has already exercised its warrant in full, and (ii) all currently pending significant litigation relating to the conservatorship and the August 2012 amendment to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement has been resolved, which may require Treasury s assent. Net proceeds of the issuance of any shares of capital stock for cash while the senior preferred stock is outstanding, except for up to 70 billion in aggregate gross cash proceeds from the issuance of common stock, must be used to pay down the liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock; 
 terminating or seeking to terminate our conservatorship, other than through a receivership, except that, as revised by the January 2021 letter agreement, FHFA can terminate our conservatorship without the prior consent of Treasury if several conditions are met, including (1) all currently pending significant litigation relating to the conservatorship and the August 2012 amendment to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement has been resolved, and (2) for two or more consecutive quarters, our common equity tier 1 capital (as defined in the enterprise regulatory capital framework), together with any stockholder equity that would result from a firm commitment public underwritten offering of common stock which is fully consummated concurrent with the termination of conservatorship, equals or exceeds at least 3 of our adjusted total assets (as defined in the enterprise regulatory capital framework); 
 selling, transferring, leasing or otherwise disposing of any assets, except for dispositions for fair market value in limited circumstances including if (a) the transaction is in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice or (b) the assets have a fair market value individually or in the aggregate of less than 250 million; and 
 issuing subordinated debt. 
 Covenants in the senior preferred stock purchase agreement also subject us to limits on the amount of mortgage assets that we may own and the total amount of our indebtedness. 
 Mortgage Asset Limit. The senior preferred stock purchase agreement limits the amount of mortgage assets we are permitted to own to 225 billion. We are currently managing our business to a 202.5 billion mortgage asset cap pursuant to instructions from FHFA. Our mortgage assets as of December 31, 2022 were 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 14 

Business | Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements 

 79.5 billion, which includes 10 of the notional value of interest-only securities we hold. We disclose the amount of our mortgage assets each month in the Endnotes to our Monthly Summaries, which are available on our website and announced in a press release. 
 Debt Limit . Our debt limit under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement is set at 120 of the amount of mortgage assets we were allowed to own under the agreement on December 31 of the immediately preceding calendar year. This debt limit is currently 270 billion. As calculated for this purpose, our indebtedness as of December 31, 2022 was 139.3 billion. We disclose the amount of our indebtedness on a monthly basis under the caption Total Debt Outstanding in our Monthly Summaries. 
 Compensation. Another covenant prohibits us from entering into any new compensation arrangements or increasing amounts or benefits payable under existing compensation arrangements with any of our executive officers (as defined by SEC rules) without the consent of the Director of FHFA, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury. 
 Annual Risk Management Plan Covenant. Each year we remain in conservatorship we are required to provide Treasury a risk management plan that sets out our strategy for reducing our risk profile, describes the actions we will take to reduce the financial and operational risk associated with each of our business segments, and includes an assessment of our performance against the planned actions described in the prior year s plan. We submitted our most recent risk management plan to Treasury in December 2022. 
 Covenants Added in January 2021 and Currently in Effect 
 In addition to the changes described above to covenants already in the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, the January 2021 letter agreement added the following additional covenants that are currently in effect: 
 Enterprise Regulatory Capital Framework. We are required to comply with the enterprise regulatory capital framework rule published by FHFA in the Federal Register on December 17, 2020, disregarding any subsequent amendments or modifications to the rule. 
 As described in Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters Capital Requirements below, FHFA published additional final rules amending the enterprise regulatory capital framework in 2022. FHFA has instructed us to report our capital requirements under the amended enterprise regulatory capital framework, not under the original requirements of the framework published in December 2020. Accordingly, we are not in compliance with this covenant. Although our compliance with the covenants in the senior preferred stock purchase agreement is not a condition of Treasury s funding commitment under that agreement, FHFA, as our conservator and regulator, has the authority to direct compliance or impose consequences for any non-compliance with that agreement. 
 New Business Restrictions. The following additional restrictive covenants that relate to our single-family business activities: 
 Requirement to Provide Equitable Access for Single-Family Acquisitions . We: 
 may not vary our pricing or acquisition terms for single-family loans based on the business characteristics of the seller, including the seller s size, charter type, or volume of business with us; and 
 must offer to purchase at all times, for equivalent cash consideration and on substantially the same terms, any single-family mortgage loan that (1) is of a class of loans that we then offer to acquire for inclusion in our mortgage-backed securities or for other non-cash consideration, (2) is offered by a seller that has been approved to do business with us, and (3) has been originated and sold in compliance with our underwriting standards. 
 Single-Family Loan Eligibility Requirements Program . We are required to maintain a program reasonably designed to ensure that the single-family loans we acquire are limited to: 
 qualified mortgages, except government-backed loans; 
 loans exempt from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau s (the CFPB s ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage rule, except timeshares and home equity lines of credit; 
 loans secured by an investment property; 
 refinancing loans with streamlined underwriting originated in accordance with our eligibility criteria for high loan-to-value refinancings; 
 loans originated with temporary underwriting flexibilities during times of exigent circumstances, as determined in consultation with FHFA; 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 15 

Business | Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements 

 loans secured by manufactured housing; and 
 such other loans that FHFA may designate that were eligible for purchase by us as of the date of the January 2021 letter agreement. 
 Covenants Added in January 2021 and Temporarily Suspended in September 2021 
 The business restrictions described below were added to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement as a result of the January 2021 letter agreement and subsequently temporarily suspended pursuant to a letter agreement dated September 14, 2021. Under the terms of the September 2021 letter agreement, the suspension of these provisions will terminate six months after Treasury so notifies us. As of the date of this filing, we have not received a notification from Treasury regarding the termination of these suspensions. Although the restrictions on these activities under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement are temporarily suspended, in the ordinary course of business these and other business activities are subject to constraints from a variety of sources, including board- and management-approved risk limits, capital considerations and FHFA instructions. These suspended restrictions are as follows: 
 Single Counterparty Volume Cap on Single-Family Acquisitions for Cash . This suspended provision would require that we not acquire more than 1.5 billion in single-family loans for cash consideration from any single seller (including its affiliates) during any period comprising four calendar quarters. Loan acquisitions through lender swap securitization transactions would not be subject to this limitation. 
 Limit on Multifamily Volume. This suspended provision would require that we not acquire more than 80 billion in multifamily mortgage assets in any 52-week period, with this multifamily volume cap to be adjusted up or down by FHFA at the end of each calendar year based on changes to the consumer price index. Additionally, at least 50 of our multifamily acquisitions in any calendar year must, at the time of acquisition, be classified as mission-driven, consistent with FHFA guidelines. Although this provision has been suspended, FHFA has established a cap on our new multifamily business volume and required that a minimum portion of our multifamily business volume be mission-driven, focused on certain affordable and underserved market segments. For more information on our multifamily volume cap, see Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters Multifamily Business Volume Cap and MD A Multifamily Business Multifamily Business Metrics. 
 Limit on Specified Higher-Risk Single-Family Acquisitions. This suspended provision would prohibit our acquisition of a single-family mortgage loan if, following the acquisition, more than 3 of our single-family loans that result from a refinancing or 6 of our single-family loans that do not result from a refinancing would have two or more of the higher-risk characteristics listed below at origination. The 3 and 6 measurements would each be based on loans we acquired during the preceding 52-week period. The higher-risk characteristics are: 
 a combined loan-to-value ratio greater than 90 ; 
 a debt-to-income ratio greater than 45 ; and 
 a FICO credit score (or equivalent credit score) less than 680. 
 Limit on Acquisitions of Single-Family Mortgage Loans Backed by Second Homes and Investment Properties. This suspended provision would require that we limit our acquisitions of single-family mortgage loans secured by either second homes or investment properties to not more than 7 of the single-family mortgage loans we have acquired during the preceding 52-week period. 
 
 Equitable Housing Finance Plan 
 In September 2021, FHFA instructed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to submit Equitable Housing Finance Plans to FHFA by the end of 2021. We publicly released our first Equitable Housing Finance Plan in June 2022. Consistent with the GSE Act, the plan provides a three-year roadmap for our actions to advance equity in housing finance by working to remove barriers to affordable rental housing and homeownership experienced by members of underserved populations, particularly racial and ethnic groups with a significant homeownership rate disparity. Fannie Mae s Equitable Housing Finance Plan focuses on empowering Black renters and homeowners in three key areas: 
 Housing Preparation : Helping Black consumers prepare early for sustainable homeownership and access to quality rental housing through credit building and financial education. 
 Buying or Renting: Removing unnecessary obstacles Black people face in shopping for, acquiring, renting, or mortgaging a home. 
 Moving in and Maintaining: Enhancing sustainable homeownership so that renters and homeowners can withstand disruptions or temporary hardships and remain stably housed. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 16 

Business | Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements 

 FHFA is also requiring Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to submit annual progress reports on the actions undertaken during the prior year to implement their plans. 
 We are focusing in this initial plan on the needs of Black homeowners and renters, a population for whom inequities caused by past discriminatory housing practices are particularly profound. Based on data from the Census Bureau s 2019 American Community Survey, the Black homeownership rate is estimated to be approximately 30 percentage points lower than the white homeownership rate. While our solutions seek to address key obstacles that Black homeowners and renters face as they secure housing, we expect they will benefit borrowers and renters in all populations. In the future, we expect to expand the focus of our equitable housing efforts to address challenges faced by other populations who have been historically underserved by the housing finance system, including Latino homeowners and renters. 
 In connection with our Equitable Housing Finance Plan and in support of other efforts we may undertake to support equitable housing, we anticipate establishing and supporting special purpose credit programs. We launched a special purpose credit program pilot with a number of lenders in 2022 and anticipate expanding this pilot with additional lenders in 2023. Under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, creditors can create special purpose credit programs for groups that have been historically disadvantaged in obtaining credit. Special purpose credit programs benefit applicants who would otherwise be denied credit or receive it on less favorable terms. 
 
 Legislation and Regulation 
 As a federally chartered corporation and as a financial institution, we are subject to government regulation and oversight. FHFA, our primary regulator, regulates our safety and soundness and our mission, and also acts as our conservator. FHFA is an independent agency of the federal government with general supervisory and regulatory authority over Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the Federal Home Loan Banks FHLBs ). The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development HUD and FHFA regulate us with respect to fair lending matters. Our regulators also include the SEC and Treasury. In addition, even if we are not directly subject to an agency s regulation or oversight, regulations by that agency that affect mortgage lenders and servicers, debt investors, or the markets for our MBS or debt securities could have a significant impact on us. 
 Housing Finance Reform 
 The Administration and Congress may consider housing finance reforms or legislation that could result in significant changes in our structure and role in the future, including proposals that would result in Fannie Mae s liquidation or dissolution. There continues to be significant uncertainty regarding the timing, content and impact of future legislative and regulatory actions affecting us. See Risk Factors GSE and Conservatorship Risk for a description of risks associated with our future and potential housing finance reform. 
 GSE-Focused Matters 
 We describe below matters applicable specifically to Fannie Mae. These matters relate to legislation, regulation or, in some cases, conservatorship. In the following section, we describe matters that are applicable more broadly or to other mortgage or capital market participants and that may directly or indirectly affect us. 
 Capital Requirements 
 In December 2020, FHFA published a final rule establishing a new enterprise regulatory capital framework for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. FHFA published three additional final rules amending the enterprise regulatory capital framework in March 2022 and June 2022. The March 2022 amendment refined the prescribed leverage buffer amount and the risk-based capital treatment of credit risk transfer transactions, as well as implemented technical corrections. The June 2022 amendments introduced new public disclosure requirements and a requirement to submit annual capital plans to FHFA and provide prior notice to FHFA for certain capital actions. We refer to the rule s requirements, as amended, as the enterprise regulatory capital framework. 
 The enterprise regulatory capital framework establishes leverage and risk-based capital requirements beyond what is expressly required by the GSE Act. The framework provides a granular assessment of credit risk specific to different mortgage loan categories, as well as components for market risk and operational risk. The enterprise regulatory capital framework includes the following requirements relating to the amount and form of capital we must hold: 
 Supplemental leverage and risk-based capital requirements based largely on definitions of capital used in U.S. banking regulators regulatory capital framework. Under the leverage capital requirements, we must maintain a tier 1 capital ratio of 2.5 of adjusted total assets. Under the risk-based capital requirements, we must maintain 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 17 

Business | Legislation and Regulation 

 minimum common equity tier 1 capital, tier 1 capital, and adjusted total capital ratios of 4.5 , 6 , and 8 , respectively, of risk-weighted assets; 
 A requirement that we hold prescribed capital buffers that can be drawn down in periods of financial stress and then rebuilt over time as economic conditions improve. If we fall below the prescribed buffer amounts, we must restrict capital distributions such as stock repurchases and dividends, as well as discretionary bonus payments to executives, until the buffer amounts are restored. The prescribed capital buffers represent the amount of capital we are required to hold above the minimum leverage and risk-based capital requirements. 
 The prescribed leverage buffer amount, or PLBA, represents the amount of tier 1 capital we are required to hold above the minimum tier 1 leverage capital requirement; 
 The risk-based capital buffers consist of three separate components: a stability capital buffer, a stress capital buffer, and a countercyclical capital buffer. Taken together, these risk-based buffers comprise the prescribed capital conservation buffer amount, or PCCBA. The PCCBA must be comprised entirely of common equity tier 1 capital; 
 Specific minimum percentages, or floors, on the risk-weights applicable to single-family and multifamily exposures, which has the effect of increasing the capital required to be held for loans otherwise subject to lower risk weights; 
 Specific floors on the risk-weights applicable to retained portions of credit risk transfer transactions, which has the effect of decreasing the capital relief obtained from these transactions; and 
 Additional elements based on U.S. banking regulators regulatory capital framework, including the planned eventual introduction of an advanced approach to complement the standardized approach for measuring risk-weighted assets. 
 The dates by which we must comply with the requirements of the enterprise regulatory capital framework are staggered and largely dependent on whether we remain in conservatorship. Our compliance with the capital buffers will be required upon exit from conservatorship, and our compliance with the minimum regulatory capital requirements will be required by the later of our exit from conservatorship or such later date as may be ordered by FHFA. The compliance date for advanced approaches of the rule will be January 1, 2025, or such later date as may be specified by FHFA. 
 The enterprise regulatory capital framework requires substantially higher levels of capital than the previously applicable statutory minimum capital requirement. To be fully capitalized under the enterprise regulatory capital framework, we must meet all applicable leverage capital requirements and risk-based capital requirements, including applicable buffers, under the standardized approach of the rule. As of December 31, 2022, our risk-based adjusted total capital requirement (including buffers) represented the amount of capital needed to be fully capitalized under the standardized approach to the rule, and we had a 258 billion shortfall of our available capital (deficit) to this requirement. See MD A Liquidity and Capital Management Capital Management Capital Requirements and Note 12, Regulatory Capital Requirements for more information about our capital metrics under the enterprise regulatory capital framework as of December 31, 2022. 
 The enterprise regulatory capital framework also contains a number of requirements relating to capital reporting and capital planning, which are either already effective or will become effective in 2023, including: 
 A requirement to submit capital reports to FHFA each quarter; 
 A requirement to disclose on a quarterly basis in an appropriate publicly available filing or other document our regulatory capital levels, buffers, adjusted total assets and total risk-weighted assets under the standardized approach of the enterprise regulatory capital framework; 
 A requirement to provide specified additional public capital disclosures on a quarterly basis; and 
 A requirement to submit annual capital plans to FHFA containing specified information and related requirements to obtain FHFA s approval or provide notice to FHFA for certain capital actions. 
 Before the enterprise regulatory capital framework went into effect, we followed the requirements of FHFA s conservatorship capital framework, which was a risk management framework for evaluating business decisions and performance during conservatorship. We have completed our transition from using the conservatorship capital framework to make business and risk decisions to using the enterprise regulatory capital framework and certain other risk measures to make these decisions. We currently operate at a significant shortfall to the enterprise regulatory capital framework s requirements. Actions we may take to address this shortfall may have a significant impact on our business. Because the timing of when we will be required to hold capital in compliance with the enterprise regulatory capital framework is uncertain and depends on factors outside our control, the impact of these capital requirements on our business remains uncertain. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 18 

Business | Legislation and Regulation 

 Stress Testing 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act requires certain financial companies to conduct annual stress tests to determine whether the companies have the capital necessary to absorb losses as a result of adverse economic conditions. Under FHFA regulations implementing this requirement, each year we are required to conduct a stress test using two different scenarios of financial conditions provided by FHFA baseline and severely adverse and to publish a summary of our stress test results for the severely adverse scenario by August 15. We publish our stress test results on our website. We and FHFA published our most recent stress test results for the severely adverse scenario on August 11, 2022. 
 Following our publication of our 2022 stress test results, we discovered errors in a model we use to prepare our annual stress test results that affected these results for 2022 and prior years. Once our evaluation of these errors is complete, we will post updated 2022 stress test results for the severely adverse scenario on our website. 
 Portfolio Standards 
 The GSE Act requires FHFA to establish standards governing our portfolio holdings, to ensure that they are backed by sufficient capital and consistent with our mission and safe and sound operations. FHFA is also required to monitor our portfolio and, in some circumstances, may require us to dispose of or acquire assets. In 2010, FHFA adopted, as the standard for our portfolio holdings, the portfolio limits specified in the senior preferred stock purchase agreement described under Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Treasury Agreements Covenants under Treasury Agreements, as it may be amended from time to time. The rule is effective for as long as we remain subject to the terms and obligations of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. 
 FHFA Proposed Liquidity Requirements 
 In June 2020, FHFA instructed us to meet prescriptive liquidity requirements. In December 2020, those requirements became effective and FHFA issued a proposed rule in line with the updated requirements. Liquidity requirements affect the amount of liquid assets we are required to hold, and to meet FHFA s instructions and proposed rule, we hold more liquid assets than we were required to hold under our previous framework. For information about our liquidity requirements, see MD A Liquidity and Capital Management Liquidity Management Liquidity and Funding Risk Management Practices and Contingency Planning. 
 Receivership 
 Under the GSE Act, the Director of FHFA must place us into receivership if they make a written determination that our assets are less than our obligations (that is, we have a net worth deficit) or if we have not been paying our debts as they become due, in either case, for a period of 60 days. FHFA has notified us that the measurement period for any mandatory receivership determination with respect to our assets and liabilities would commence no earlier than the SEC public filing deadline for our quarterly or annual financial statements and would continue for 60 calendar days thereafter. FHFA has advised us that if, during that 60-day period, we receive funds from Treasury in an amount at least equal to the deficiency amount under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, the Director of FHFA will not make a mandatory receivership determination. 
 In addition, we could be put into receivership at the discretion of the Director of FHFA at any time for other reasons set forth in the GSE Act. The statutory grounds for discretionary appointment of a receiver include: a substantial dissipation of assets or earnings due to unsafe or unsound practices; the existence of an unsafe or unsound condition to transact business; an inability to meet our obligations in the ordinary course of business; a weakening of our condition due to unsafe or unsound practices or conditions; critical undercapitalization; undercapitalization and no reasonable prospect of becoming adequately capitalized; the likelihood of losses that will deplete substantially all of our capital; or by consent. 
 The appointment of FHFA as receiver would immediately terminate the conservatorship. In the event of receivership, the GSE Act requires FHFA, as the receiver, to organize a limited-life regulated entity with respect to Fannie Mae. Among other requirements, the GSE Act provides that this limited-life regulated entity: 
 would succeed to Fannie Mae s charter and thereafter operate in accordance with and subject to such charter; 
 would assume, acquire or succeed to our assets and liabilities to the extent that such assets and liabilities are transferred by FHFA to the entity; and 
 would not be permitted to assume, acquire or succeed to any of our obligations to shareholders. 
 Placement into receivership would likely have a material adverse effect on holders of our common stock and preferred stock, and could have a material adverse effect on holders of our debt securities and Fannie Mae MBS. Should we be placed into receivership, different assumptions would be required to determine the carrying value of our assets, which 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 19 

Business | Legislation and Regulation 

 would likely lead to substantially different financial results. For more information on the risks to our business relating to receivership and uncertainties regarding the future of our business, see Risk Factors GSE and Conservatorship Risk. 
 Resolution Planning 
 In May 2021, FHFA issued a final rule requiring us to develop a plan for submission to FHFA that would assist FHFA in planning for the rapid and orderly resolution of the company if FHFA is appointed as our receiver. The stated goals in the rule for our resolution plan are to: 
 minimize disruption in the national housing finance markets by providing for the continued operation of our core business lines in receivership by a newly constituted limited-life regulated entity; 
 preserve the value of our franchise and assets; 
 facilitate the division of assets and liabilities between the limited-life regulated entity and the receivership estate; 
 ensure that investors in our guaranteed mortgage-backed securities and our unsecured debt bear losses in the order of their priority established under the GSE Act, while minimizing unnecessary losses and costs to these investors; and 
 foster market discipline by making clear that no extraordinary government support will be available to indemnify investors against losses or fund the resolution of the company. 
 The rule requires that we submit our initial resolution plan to FHFA by April 6, 2023, and subsequent resolution plans not later than every two years thereafter unless otherwise notified by FHFA. The rule provides that, in developing our resolution plan, we must assume that receivership may occur under severely adverse economic conditions, and we may not assume the provision or continuation of extraordinary support by the U.S. government (including support under our senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury). 
 Affordable Housing Allocations 
 The GSE Act requires us to set aside in each fiscal year an amount equal to 4.2 basis points for each dollar of the unpaid principal balance of our new business purchases and to pay this amount to specified HUD and Treasury funds in support of affordable housing. New business purchases consist of single-family and multifamily whole mortgage loans purchased during the period and single-family and multifamily mortgage loans underlying Fannie Mae MBS issued during the period pursuant to lender swaps, which we describe in Mortgage Securitizations. We are prohibited from passing through the cost of these allocations to the originators of the mortgage loans that we purchase or securitize. For each year s new business purchases since 2015, we have set aside amounts for these contributions and transferred the funds when directed by FHFA to do so. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Transactions with Related Persons Treasury Interest in Affordable Housing Allocations for information on our contribution for 2022 new business purchases. 
 Fair Lending 
 The GSE Act requires the Secretary of HUD to assure that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac meet their fair lending obligations. Among other things, HUD periodically reviews and comments on our underwriting and appraisal guidelines to ensure consistency with the Fair Housing Act. In July 2021, FHFA issued a Policy Statement on Fair Lending describing its statutory authority and policies for supervisory oversight and enforcement of fair lending matters with respect to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. In August 2021, FHFA and HUD entered into a memorandum of understanding regarding fair housing and fair lending coordination. Among other things, the memorandum of understanding allows HUD and FHFA to coordinate on investigations, compliance reviews, and ongoing monitoring of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to ensure compliance with the Fair Housing Act. In December 2021, FHFA released an advisory bulletin to provide FHFA's supervisory expectations and guidance to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac on fair lending and fair housing compliance. 
 FHFA Rule on Credit Score Models 
 Fannie Mae uses credit scores to establish a minimum credit threshold for mortgage lending, provide a foundation for risk-based pricing, and support disclosures to investors. Under an FHFA rule that became effective in October 2019, we are required to validate and approve third-party credit score models and obtain FHFA s approval of our determination. We must evaluate the models for factors such as accuracy, reliability and integrity, as well as impacts on fair lending and the mortgage industry. For a discussion of our current credit score model and FHFA s announcement of its validation and approval of two new credit score models for use by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, see MD A Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management Single-Family Acquisition and Servicing Policies and 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 20 

Business | Legislation and Regulation 

 Underwriting and Servicing Standards New Credit Score Models and Expected Change to Credit Report Requirement. 
 Interagency Action Plan to Advance Property Appraisal and Valuation Equity 
 In March 2022, the Interagency Task Force on Property Appraisal and Valuation Equity (the PAVE Task Force published an Action Plan to Advance Property Appraisal and Valuation Equity (the PAVE Action Plan ). The PAVE Task Force is composed of thirteen federal agencies and offices, including HUD and FHFA. The PAVE Action Plan outlines the historical role of racism in the valuation of residential property, examines the various forms of bias that can appear in residential property valuation practices, describes affirmative steps that federal agencies will take to advance equity in the residential property valuation process, and outlines further recommendations that government and industry stakeholders can initiate. Some of the proposed actions contained in the PAVE Action Plan, including additional initiatives the PAVE Task Force is considering such as expanded use of alternatives to traditional appraisals, could have a significant impact on our current appraisal and valuation policies and procedures. We expect to work closely with FHFA on any potential future changes to these policies and procedures in support of the PAVE Action Plan and any further recommendations of the PAVE Task Force. 
 Housing Goals 
 In this and the following sections, we discuss our housing goals and our duty to serve obligations pursuant to the GSE Act, as well as FHFA s requirement, as our conservator, that a portion of our new multifamily business be focused on affordable and underserved markets. 
 Our housing goals, which are established by FHFA in accordance with the GSE Act, require that a specified amount of mortgage loans we acquire meet specified standards relating to affordability or location. For single-family goals, our acquisitions are measured against the lower of benchmarks set by FHFA or the level of goal-eligible originations in the primary mortgage market. The single-family benchmarks are expressed as a percentage of the total number of goal-eligible single-family mortgages acquired each year. Multifamily goals for 2022 and prior years were established as a fixed number of units to be financed; however, as described below, our new multifamily goals for 2023 and 2024 are expressed as a percentage of goal-eligible units in multifamily properties financed by mortgages acquired each year. 
 2021 Housing Goals 
 In October 2022, FHFA determined that we met all of our 2021 single-family and multifamily housing goals. The tables below display information about our 2021 housing goals and our performance against these goals. 
 Single-Family Housing Goals 2021 (1) 
 FHFA Benchmark Single-Family Market Level Result Low-income 80 of area median income) home purchase goal 24 26.7 28.7 Very low-income 50 of area median income) home purchase goal 6 6.8 7.4 Low-income areas home purchase goal (2) 
 18 22.9 24.5 Low-income areas home purchase subgoal (3) 
 14 19.1 20.3 Low-income refinancing goal 21 26.1 26.2 
 (1) The FHFA benchmarks and our results are expressed as a percentage of the total number of goal-eligible single-family mortgages acquired during the year. The single-family market level is the percentage of goal-eligible single-family mortgages originated in the primary mortgage market during the year. 
 (2) These mortgage loans must be secured by a property that is (a) in a low-income census tract, (b) in a high-minority census tract and affordable to moderate-income families (those with incomes less than or equal to 100 of area median income), or (c) in a designated disaster area and affordable to moderate-income families. 
 (3) These mortgage loans must be secured by a property that is (a) in a low-income census tract or (b) in a high-minority census tract and affordable to moderate-income families. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 21 

Business | Legislation and Regulation 

 Multifamily Housing Goals 2021 (1) 
 Goal Result Low-income 80 of area median income) goal 315,000 384,488 Very low-income 50 of area median income) subgoal 60,000 83,459 Small multifamily low-income subgoal (2) 
 10,000 14,409 
 (1) FHFA goals and our results are expressed as number of units financed during the year. 
 (2) Units in small multifamily properties (defined as properties with 5 to 50 units) affordable to low-income families. 
 2022 to 2024 Housing Goals 
 In December 2021, FHFA published a final rule establishing new benchmark levels for our single-family housing goals for 2022 through 2024 and new multifamily housing goals for 2022. In December 2022, FHFA published a final rule establishing new multifamily housing goals for 2023 and 2024. 
 2022 to 2024 Single-Family Housing Goals 
 FHFA will continue to evaluate our performance against the single-family housing goals using a two-part approach that compares the goal-qualifying share of our single-family mortgage acquisitions against both a benchmark level and a market level. To meet a single-family housing goal or subgoal, the percentage of our single-family mortgage acquisitions that meet each goal or subgoal must equal or exceed either the benchmark level set in advance by FHFA or the market level for that year. The market level is determined retrospectively each year based on actual goal-eligible originations in the primary mortgage market as measured by FHFA based on Home Mortgage Disclosure Act data for that year. 
 The December 2021 final rule established two new single-family home purchase subgoals to replace the prior low-income areas home purchase subgoal: a new minority census tracts subgoal and a new low-income census tracts subgoal, which are described in the table below. The December 2021 final rule also increased the benchmark levels for the remaining single-family housing goals. 
 FHFA Benchmark Level 
 Single-Family Goals 
 2022-2024 Low-income home purchase goal (1) 
 28 
 Very low-income home purchase goal (2) 
 7 
 Low-income areas home purchase goal (3) 
 20 (2022) Minority census tracts subgoal (new) (4) 
 10 
 Low-income census tracts subgoal (new) (5) 
 4 
 Low-income refinancing goal (6) 
 26 
 
 (1) Home purchase mortgages on single-family, owner-occupied properties to borrowers with incomes no greater than 80 of area median income. 
 (2) Home purchase mortgages on single-family, owner-occupied properties to borrowers with incomes no greater than 50 of area median income. 
 (3) Home purchase mortgages on single-family, owner-occupied properties with borrowers in census tracts with median income no greater than 80 of area median income; borrowers with incomes no greater than 100 of area median income in minority census tracts; and borrowers in designated disaster areas. Minority census tracts are those that have a minority population of at least 30 and a median income of less than 100 of area median income. For 2018 to 2021, FHFA set the low-income areas home purchase goal benchmark level on an annual basis by adding a disaster area increment to the low-income areas subgoal benchmark level. For 2022 to 2024, FHFA sets the low-income areas home purchase goal benchmark level on an annual basis by adding a disaster area increment to the sum of the benchmark levels for the minority census tracts subgoal and the low-income census tracts subgoal. 
 (4) Home purchase mortgages on single-family, owner-occupied properties to borrowers with incomes no greater than 100 of area median income in minority census tracts. 
 (5) (i) Home purchase mortgages on single-family, owner-occupied properties to borrowers (regardless of income) in low-income census tracts that are not minority census tracts, and (ii) home purchase mortgages on single-family, owner-occupied properties to borrowers with incomes greater than 100 of area median income in low-income census tracts that are also minority census tracts. Low income census tracts are those where the median income is no greater than 80 of area median income. 
 (6) Refinancing mortgages on single-family, owner-occupied properties to borrowers with incomes no greater than 80 of area median income. 
 We believe we met all of our 2022 single-family housing goal benchmarks other than the low-income home purchase benchmark and the very low-income home purchase benchmark. As noted above, we are in compliance with the single- 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 22 

Business | Legislation and Regulation 

 family housing goals if we meet either the benchmarks or market share measures, so we may still meet our goals. FHFA will make a final determination regarding our 2022 single-family housing goals performance later in the year, after the release of data reported under the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act. 
 If we do not meet our housing goals, FHFA determines whether the goals were feasible. If FHFA finds that our goals were feasible, we may become subject to a housing plan that could require us to take additional steps that could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The housing plan must describe the actions we would take to meet the goal in the next calendar year and be approved by FHFA. The potential penalties for failure to comply with housing plan requirements include a cease-and-desist order and civil money penalties. 
 2022 Multifamily Housing Goals 
 In response to comments on its rule proposal, FHFA s final rule published in December 2021 established multifamily housing goals for 2022 only, rather than for 2022 through 2024. The December 2021 final rule increased each of the multifamily housing goals. FHFA will evaluate our performance for 2022 against the following multifamily goals. 
 Goal 
 Multifamily Goals 
 2022 Low-income goal (1) 
 415,000 Very low-income subgoal (2) 
 88,000 Small multifamily low-income subgoal (3) 
 17,000 
 (1) Affordable to low-income families, defined as families with incomes no greater than 80 of area median income. 
 (2) Affordable to very low-income families, defined as families with incomes no greater than 50 of area median income. 
 (3) Units in small multifamily properties (defined as properties with 5 to 50 units) affordable to low-income families. 
 We believe we met all of our 2022 multifamily housing goals, and FHFA will make a final determination regarding this performance later in the year. 
 2023 and 2024 Multifamily Housing Goals 
 In December 2022, FHFA published a final rule on our multifamily housing goals for 2023 and 2024. Rather than measuring the multifamily housing goals based on a fixed number of units, our 2023 and 2024 multifamily housing goals are based on the percentage share of the goal-qualifying units in our annual multifamily loan acquisitions that are affordable to each income category. The rule did not change the underlying criteria that determine which multifamily units qualify for credit under the housing goals. 
 The table below sets forth our multifamily housing goals for 2023 and 2024. 
 Goal Multifamily Goals 
 2023 and 2024 (Percentage share of goal-eligible units) Low-income goal (1) 
 61 Very low-income subgoal 2) 
 12 Small multifamily low-income subgoal (3) 
 2.5 
 (1) Affordable to low-income families, defined as families with incomes less than or equal to 80 of area median income. 
 (2) Affordable to very low-income families, defined as families with incomes less than or equal to 50 of area median income. 
 (3) Units in small multifamily properties (defined as properties with 5 to 50 units) affordable to low-income families. 
 The final rule noted that FHFA may adjust these 2023 and 2024 multifamily housing goals following publication in light of market conditions or for other reasons. 
 As described in Risk Factors GSE and Conservatorship Risk, actions we may take to meet our housing goals and duty to serve requirements described below may materially increase our provision for credit losses and our write-offs. 
 Multifamily Business Volume Cap 
 As our conservator, FHFA has established caps on our new multifamily business volume and requirements that a portion of our multifamily volume be focused on affordable and underserved markets. Our multifamily loan purchase cap for 2023 is 75 billion, a reduction from the 78 billion cap applicable for 2022. Consistent with the 2022 cap, a minimum of 50 of our 2023 multifamily loan purchases must be mission-driven, focused on specified affordable and underserved market segments; however, FHFA has revised the multifamily requirements for mission-driven, affordable housing for 2023, including by: 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 23 

Business | Legislation and Regulation 

 Removing the requirement that 25 of multifamily loan purchases must be affordable to residents earning 60 or less of area median income to reduce inconsistencies with FHFA s housing goals; and 
 Within the mission-driven eligibility criteria, creating a new category focused on preserving affordability in workforce housing to encourage financing of loans on properties with rent or income restrictions affordable at levels that meet market needs. 
 See MD A Multifamily Business Multifamily Business Metrics for more information about our multifamily business volume cap, which is a requirement under the scorecard FHFA issued establishing 2023 corporate performance objectives for us. More information on FHFA s 2023 scorecard is provided in our current report on Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2023. 
 Duty to Serve Underserved Markets 
 The GSE Act requires that we serve very low-, low-, and moderate-income families in three specified underserved markets: manufactured housing, affordable housing preservation and rural housing. Under FHFA s implementing duty to serve rule, we are required to adopt an underserved markets plan for each underserved market covering a three-year period that sets forth the activities and objectives we will undertake to meet our duty to serve that market. 
 The types of activities that are eligible for duty to serve credit in each underserved market are summarized below: 
 Manufactured housing market. For the manufactured housing market, duty to serve credit is available for eligible activities relating to manufactured homes (whether titled as real property or personal property (known as chattel)) and loans for specified categories of manufactured housing communities. 
 Affordable housing preservation market. For the affordable housing preservation market, duty to serve credit is available for eligible activities relating to preserving the affordability of housing for renters and buyers under specified programs enumerated in the GSE Act and other comparable affordable housing programs administered by state and local governments, subject to FHFA approval. Duty to serve credit also is available for activities related to small multifamily rental properties, energy efficiency improvements on existing multifamily rental and single-family first lien properties, certain shared equity homeownership programs, the purchase or rehabilitation of certain distressed properties, and activities under HUD s Choice Neighborhoods Initiative and Rental Assistance Demonstration programs. 
 Rural housing market. For the rural housing market, duty to serve credit is available for eligible activities related to housing in rural areas, including activities related to housing in high-needs rural regions and for high-needs rural populations. 
 FHFA reviews our draft underserved markets plans. In response to comments we received from FHFA on our initially proposed plans for 2022 to 2024, we revised our draft plans for further FHFA consideration. FHFA issued a non-objection to the revised draft plans in April 2022. 
 FHFA has also established an annual process for evaluating our achievements under the plans, with performance results to be reported to Congress annually. If FHFA determines that we failed to meet the requirements of an underserved markets plan, FHFA may require us to submit a housing plan for FHFA approval that could require us to take additional steps. In October 2022, FHFA reported its determination that we complied with our 2021 duty to serve requirements. We believe we also met our 2022 duty to serve obligations. FHFA will determine our performance with respect to our 2022 duty to serve obligations in 2023. 
 Guaranty Fees and Pricing 
 Our guaranty fees and pricing are subject to regulatory, legislative and conservatorship requirements, including FHFA guidance and instruction. These requirements include the following: 
 Upfront Fees. We use loan-level price adjustments, including various upfront risk-based fees, to price for the credit risk we assume in providing our guaranty on the single-family loans we acquire. FHFA, as conservator, must approve changes to the national loan-level price adjustments (or upfront fees) that we charge for the risk we assume in providing our guaranty and can direct us to make other changes to our guaranty fee pricing for new single-family acquisitions. 
 Base Fees. We have the ability to change our base single-family contractual guaranty fee pricing, subject to minimum base guaranty fees set by FHFA in its regulatory capacity. These minimum base guaranty fees generally apply to our acquisitions of 30-year and 15-year single-family fixed-rate loans in lender swap transactions. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 24 

Business | Legislation and Regulation 

 Return Targets. For new single-family and multifamily acquisitions, FHFA has instructed us to meet a minimum return on equity target based on our capital requirements. FHFA also has instructed us to establish a long-term target for returns at the enterprise level, which may impact our guaranty fees. 
 TCCA Fees. In December 2011, Congress enacted the Temporary Payroll Tax Cut Continuation Act of 2011 (the TCCA which, among other provisions, required that we increase our single-family guaranty fees by at least 10 basis points and remit this increase to Treasury. To meet our obligations under the TCCA and at the direction of FHFA, we increased the guaranty fee on all single-family residential mortgages delivered to us by 10 basis points effective April 1, 2012. The resulting revenue is included in net interest income and the expense is recognized as TCCA fees. In November 2021, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act was enacted, which extended to October 1, 2032 our obligation under the TCCA to collect 10 basis points in guaranty fees on single-family residential mortgages delivered to us and pay the associated revenue to Treasury. In January 2022, FHFA advised us to continue to pay these TCCA fees to Treasury with respect to all single-family loans acquired by us before October 1, 2032, and to continue to remit these amounts to Treasury on and after October 1, 2032 with respect to loans we acquired before this date until those loans are paid off or otherwise liquidated. As noted in Glossary of Terms Used in This Report, in this report we use the term TCCA fees to refer to the expense recognized as a result of the 10 basis point increase in guaranty fees on all single-family residential mortgages delivered to us on or after April 1, 2012 pursuant to the Temporary Payroll Tax Cut Continuation Act of 2011 and as extended by the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, which we remit to Treasury on a quarterly basis. 
 UMBS. Our ability to change our single-family guaranty fee pricing is limited by the FHFA rule described in FHFA Rule on Uniform Mortgage-Backed Securities below, as our single-family guaranty fees is one of the covered items. 
 See MD A Single-Family Business Single-Family Business Metrics Recent and Future Price Changes for a discussion of changes to our single-family guaranty fee pricing announced in 2022 and 2023. Also see MD A Consolidated Results of Operations TCCA Fees and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Transactions with Related Persons Transactions with Treasury Obligation to Pay TCCA Fees to Treasury for additional discussion of our TCCA fees. 
 New Products and Activities 
 The GSE Act requires us to provide advance notice to FHFA before undertaking a new activity and to obtain prior approval from FHFA before offering a new product to the market, subject to certain exclusions. In December 2022, FHFA adopted a final rule implementing these provisions. The final rule will be effective February 27, 2023, and will replace an interim final rule that has been in place since July 2009. 
 The final rule establishes a process for the review of new activities and products by FHFA, including providing for a 30-day public notice and comment period with respect to new products. The final rule also establishes criteria for determining what constitutes a new activity that requires advance notice to FHFA and what is excluded from being considered a new activity, such as enhancements or modifications to DU or to the mortgage terms and conditions or underwriting criteria relating to the mortgages we purchase or guarantee. The final rule describes a new product as any new activity that FHFA determines merits public notice and comment about whether it is in the public interest. FHFA may approve a new product proposed by us if FHFA determines that the new product is authorized under our charter, in the public interest and consistent with safety and soundness. The final rule provides that FHFA has the authority to place conditions or limitations on a new activity or a new product. 
 Executive Compensation 
 The amount and type of compensation we may pay our executives is subject to a number of legal and regulatory restrictions, particularly while we are in conservatorship. For a description of our executive compensation program and legal, regulatory and conservator requirements that affect our executive compensation, see Executive Compensation. 
 FHFA Rule on Uniform Mortgage-Backed Securities 
 We and Freddie Mac are required to align our programs, policies and practices that affect the prepayment rates of TBA-eligible MBS pursuant to an FHFA rule. The rule is intended to ensure that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac programs, policies and practices that individually have a material effect on cash flows (including policies that affect prepayment speeds) are and will remain aligned regardless of whether we and Freddie Mac are in conservatorship. The rule provides a non-exhaustive list of covered programs, policies and practices, including management decisions or actions about: single-family guaranty fees; the spread between the note rate on the mortgage and the pass-through coupon on the MBS; eligibility standards for sellers, servicers, and private mortgage insurers; distressed loan servicing requirements; removal of mortgage loans from securities; servicer compensation; and proposals that could materially 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 25 

Business | Legislation and Regulation 

 change the credit risk profile of the single-family mortgages securitized by a GSE. We believe that our policies and practices are generally aligned with the requirements specified by FHFA pursuant to the rule. However, FHFA may mandate additional alignment efforts in the future, and the impact of any such efforts on our business or our MBS is uncertain. See Mortgage Securitizations Uniform Mortgage-Backed Securities, or UMBS UMBS and Structured Securities for a discussion of a new upfront fee for commingled securities that we announced in January 2023 and a statement issued by the Director of FHFA relating to this fee and FHFA s review of the enterprise regulatory capital framework. 
 Industry and General Matters 
 COVID-19 Response 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, a number of legislative and executive actions were taken by the federal government and state and local governments to assist affected borrowers and renters and to slow the spread of the pandemic, including actions that applied to the loans we guarantee. While most of these actions are no longer in effect, the COVID-19 national emergency remains in place. In January 2023, the Administration announced it intends to extend the COVID-19 national emergency to May 11, 2023, and end the emergency on that date. We continue to offer forbearance relief and other home retention solutions to borrowers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, as described in MD A Single-Family Business Single-Family Problem Loan Management. 
 Risk Retention 
 Under a rule implementing the Dodd-Frank Act s credit risk retention requirement, sponsors of securitization transactions are generally required to retain a 5 economic interest in the credit risk of the securitized assets. The rule offers several compliance options, one of which is to have either Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac (so long as they remain in conservatorship or receivership with capital support from the United States) securitize and fully guarantee the assets, in which case no further retention of credit risk is required. A potential exit from conservatorship, or changes we make in our business upon any potential exit from conservatorship to comply with the rule, could reduce our market share or adversely impact our business. Securities backed solely by mortgage loans meeting the definition of a qualified residential mortgage are exempt from the risk retention requirements of the rule. The rule currently defines qualified residential mortgage to have the same meaning as the term qualified mortgage as defined by the CFPB in connection with its ability-to-repay rule discussed below. 
 Ability-to-Repay Rule and the Qualified Mortgage Patch 
 The Dodd-Frank Act amended the Truth in Lending Act to require creditors to determine that borrowers have a reasonable ability to repay most mortgage loans prior to making such loans. In 2013, the CFPB issued a rule that, among other things, requires creditors to determine a borrower s ability to repay a mortgage loan. If a creditor fails to comply, a borrower may be able to offset a portion of the amount owed in a foreclosure proceeding or recoup monetary damages. The rule offers several options for complying with the ability-to-repay requirement, including making loans that meet certain terms and characteristics (referred to as qualified mortgages ), which may provide creditors and their assignees with special protection from liability. A loan will be a standard qualified mortgage under the rule if, among other things, (1) the points and fees paid in connection with the loan do not exceed 3 of the total loan amount, (2) the loan term does not exceed 30 years, (3) the loan is fully amortizing with no negative amortization, interest-only or balloon features and (4) the debt-to-income DTI ratio on the loan does not exceed 43 at origination and is underwritten according to Appendix Q in the rule. The CFPB also created the qualified mortgage patch, pursuant to which a special class of conventional mortgage loans are considered qualified mortgages if they (1) meet the points and fees, term and amortization requirements of qualified mortgages generally and (2) are eligible for sale to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. In 2013, FHFA directed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to limit our acquisition of single-family loans to those loans that meet the points and fees, term and amortization requirements for qualified mortgages, or to loans that are exempt from the ability-to-repay rule, such as loans made to investors. 
 In December 2020, the CFPB published a rule amendment that eliminated the qualified mortgage patch and replaced the 43 DTI ratio limit and certain other requirements for a standard qualified mortgage with a pricing and underwriting framework. The final qualified mortgage rule went into effect in March 2021, with lenders initially required to comply beginning in July 2021. In April 2021, the CFPB published a final rule extending the mandatory compliance date to October 2022 and thereby also extending the qualified mortgage patch. The qualified mortgage patch was allowed to expire on October 1, 2022. We do not expect the final qualified mortgage rule to impact our business significantly. See Risk Factors GSE and Conservatorship Risk and Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risk for more information on risks presented by regulatory changes in the financial services industry. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 26 

Business | Legislation and Regulation 

 Single-Counterparty Credit Limit 
 The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board has adopted rules to restrict the counterparty credit exposures of U.S.-based global systemically important banks U.S. G-SIBs and certain large bank holding companies, large savings and loan holding companies, and U.S. intermediate holding companies that are subsidiaries of foreign banking organizations. These rules generally limit the exposure of a covered organization to any counterparty and its affiliates to no more than 25 of the covered organization s tier 1 capital. U.S. G-SIBs must adhere to a stricter limit of 15 of their tier 1 capital for exposures to any other U.S. G-SIB or non-bank entity supervised by the Federal Reserve. 
 While Fannie Mae is in conservatorship, a covered organization s exposures involving claims on or directly and fully guaranteed by Fannie Mae are exempt from these restrictions and Fannie Mae MBS and debt can be used as collateral to reduce a banking organization s counterparty exposure. We do not know what impact, if any, these rules may have on our lenders or counterparties business practices, or whether and to what extent this rule may adversely affect demand for or the liquidity of securities we issue. The Federal Reserve Board has indicated that a change in the conservatorship status of the GSEs could affect aspects of the Federal Reserve Board s regulatory framework, and that it will continue to monitor and take into consideration any future changes to the conservatorship status of the GSEs, including the extent and type of support received by the GSEs. 
 Transition from LIBOR and Alternative Reference Rates 
 In 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates the London Inter-bank Offered Rate LIBOR ), announced its intention to stop persuading or compelling the group of major banks that sustains LIBOR to submit rate quotations. ICE Benchmark Administration IBA ), the administrator of LIBOR, ceased publication of one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR after December 2021. In November 2022, the FCA issued a consultation paper stating that overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month and twelve-month LIBOR will continue to be published in their representative, bank panel quotation-based form until June 30, 2023. In the same consultation paper, the FCA proposed to require publication of the one-month, three-month and six-month LIBOR on a non-representative, synthetic basis (that is, calculated based on the use of a term rate using the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) until the end of September 2024. 
 We are exposed to LIBOR-based financial instruments, primarily relating to our acquisitions of loans and securities, sales of securities, and derivative transactions, that have been entered into previously and mature after June 2023. However, we no longer acquire LIBOR loans or securities, issue LIBOR securities or enter into LIBOR derivatives transactions that increase our LIBOR risk exposure, so our exposure to LIBOR continues to diminish. 
 We have been actively seeking to facilitate an orderly transition from LIBOR to emerging alternative rates. We established an internal office focused on LIBOR transition issues that is overseen by our LIBOR Enterprise Steering Council, which includes members of senior management. We also coordinate with FHFA on our LIBOR transition efforts. In addition to the work we are doing on an enterprise level to facilitate an orderly transition from LIBOR, we also are a voting member of the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the ARRC and participate in its working groups. The ARRC is a group of private-market participants convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to identify a set of alternative U.S. dollar reference interest rates and an adoption plan for those alternative rates. Banking and financial regulators, including FHFA, also participate in the ARRC as ex-officio members. In 2017, the ARRC recommended an alternative reference rate, referred to as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The Federal Reserve Bank of New York began publishing SOFR in 2018. 
 In support of the ARRC s efforts to develop SOFR as a key market index, we issued the market s first SOFR securities in 2018. We also have taken numerous steps to transition our financial instruments away from LIBOR; including using SOFR-indexed adjustable-rate mortgage products for new originations for our single-family business and our multifamily business, ceasing our purchase of any LIBOR adjustable-rate mortgage loans, issuing SOFR-indexed REMIC securities, and ceasing the issuance of new LIBOR REMIC securities. We supported the initial development of SOFR-indexed interest rate swaps and futures transactions and continue to execute these SOFR trades on a frequent basis. We have not issued LIBOR debt securities since 2017, and we no longer enter into new LIBOR derivatives trades that increase our LIBOR risk exposure. 
 Our LIBOR-indexed derivative contracts historically represented the largest category (measured by notional amount) of our LIBOR exposure. During 2021, we terminated the vast majority of our LIBOR derivatives transactions (and, where appropriate, entered into new SOFR derivatives trades). While we have a small amount of remaining legacy LIBOR derivatives trades that will mature after June 2023, the related contracts provide that LIBOR will be replaced with SOFR once LIBOR ceases to be published. 
 Given that our derivatives LIBOR exposure has been significantly decreased and the transition to SOFR has been addressed, our three principal sources of continued exposure to LIBOR arise from (1) single-family and multifamily 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 27 

Business | Legislation and Regulation 

 LIBOR-based adjustable-rate mortgage loans that we have securitized or own; (2) LIBOR-indexed REMIC structured securities that we have issued; and (3) LIBOR-indexed credit risk transfer securities. Each of those products allow us to select a replacement index if LIBOR ceases to be published or, for products issued in 2020 or after, uses fallback language based predominantly on the recommendations of the ARRC. 
 In December 2022, the Federal Reserve Board published Regulation ZZ, a final regulation that provides default rules for certain contracts that use LIBOR as the benchmark reference interest rate index. Regulation ZZ implements the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act ), which was enacted in March 2022 and establishes a clear and uniform process for replacing LIBOR as the benchmark reference interest rate index in existing contracts that do not contain a clearly defined or practicable replacement benchmark for when LIBOR is discontinued. Under Regulation ZZ, references to the most common tenors of LIBOR in these contracts will be replaced as a matter of law, without the need to be amended, to instead reference the benchmark interest rate indices identified by the Federal Reserve Board in the regulation. 
 The replacement benchmark interest rate indices identified by the Federal Reserve Board in Regulation ZZ are based on SOFR and include appropriate tenor spread adjustments to reflect historical spreads between LIBOR and SOFR. In December 2022, FHFA, as our conservator, directed us to adopt the Federal Reserve-selected benchmark replacement indices, including applicable tenor spread adjustments, in the case of all legacy contracts and financial instruments in which we will exercise discretion in selecting a LIBOR replacement index. On December 22, 2022, we announced the following replacement indices for the legacy LIBOR loans and securities for which we are responsible for selecting the replacement index, which are the benchmark replacements provided in Regulation ZZ and are based on SOFR: 
 Single-family adjustable-rate mortgages ARMs and related MBS : Relevant tenor of term SOFR published by CME Group Benchmark Administration, Ltd. plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment specified in Regulation ZZ; and 
 Multifamily ARMs and related MBS, credit risk transfer securities, and collateralized mortgage obligations: 30-day average SOFR plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment specified in Regulation ZZ. 
 Our transition to these replacement indices will occur the day after June 30, 2023, the last date on which all remaining tenors of USD LIBOR will be published. 
 The LIBOR Act and Regulation ZZ establish a safe harbor for market participants that act in accordance with such legislation and regulation, shielding them from litigation for selecting and implementing the Federal Reserve-selected replacement indices and related conforming changes. As a result, the LIBOR Act and Regulation ZZ reduce the risks to us associated with the approaching cessation of LIBOR. See Risk Factors Market and Industry Risk for a discussion of the risks to our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and net worth posed by the discontinuance of LIBOR. 
 SEC Proposed Rule Prohibiting Conflicts of Interest in Certain Securitizations 
 In January 2023, the SEC issued a proposed rule prohibiting conflicts of interest in certain securitization transactions. The proposed rule would restrict securitization participants from engaging in certain transactions with respect to an asset-backed security for a period ending one year after the initial sale of that security and also specifies certain prohibited transaction types. The proposed rule provides an exception for our asset-backed securities so long as those securities are fully guaranteed by us and we are operating under the conservatorship of FHFA with capital support from the United States. 
 As a result, if adopted as proposed, the rule could affect or prohibit our ability to enter into credit risk transfer transactions following our exit from conservatorship. Further, while the SEC indicated in the proposing release its intent to exempt us from the rule while we are in conservatorship, questions remain regarding the proposed rule and we are still assessing the potential impact of the rule on our credit risk transfer transactions during conservatorship. In addition, there can be no assurance that the final rule will not reflect important modifications, including with respect to the exception for our asset-backed securities prior to our exit from conservatorship. 
 
 Human Capital 
 Overview 
 Our employees are key to ensuring our long-term success and meeting our strategic objectives. We had approximately 8,000 employees as of December 31, 2022, our final pay-period end date in 2022. Because we design, build and maintain complex systems to support our specialized role in the secondary mortgage market, 41 of our employees work in technology-related jobs. A tight labor market and remote work opportunities increased the competition we faced from other companies in hiring new employees, as well as in retaining our employees. Competition was especially high 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 28 

Business | Human Capital 

 for employees with technology skills. While voluntary attrition steadily declined to a near pre-pandemic level throughout 2022, we remain focused on attracting, engaging, retaining and developing a highly skilled workforce in this competitive market. During 2022, an average of 8 of total positions in the company and 10 of our technology-related positions were vacant. Our vacancy rate at any given point in time can be affected by factors such as hiring priorities, labor market conditions, and headcount growth rates. We discuss how restrictions on our compensation and uncertainty with respect to our future can affect our ability to retain and recruit employees in Risk Factors GSE and Conservatorship Risk. Despite conservatorship, an uncertain future, and limitations on the compensation we are able to offer, we believe many employees and potential recruits are attracted by our mission and the compelling nature of our work. 
 See Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Human Capital Management Oversight for information on oversight of human capital management by our Board of Directors Compensation and Human Capital Committee. 
 Employee Engagement 
 We are committed to maintaining an engaged workforce as we believe engagement is critical to the ongoing achievement of the company s and the conservator s goals. We monitor employee engagement through regular surveys. In 2022, the vast majority of our employees agreed with statements such as that they would recommend Fannie Mae as a great place to work, which we consider to be strong indicators of their engagement. We believe our ability to recruit and retain employees and keep them engaged is influenced by the opportunity to do interesting work that supports our mission. We also offer employee benefits to encourage involvement in socially positive efforts, including those that echo our mission. Specifically, we offer employees up to 5,000 per year in matching charitable gifts (subject to overall available funding) and 10 hours of paid leave each month to engage in volunteer activities. We have also established a relief fund to which our employees can make charitable donations to assist employees who have suffered losses as a result of a natural disaster or other catastrophic event. In January 2023, we introduced new benefits to support our employees mental, physical and financial well-being, including expanded paid parental, caretaker and vacation leave and a new leave for employees experiencing a home catastrophe. 
 Employee Development 
 We invest in our employees development to support the success of the company as well as our employees. We seek to provide training and opportunities that enable employees to develop digital, leadership and other critical skills we need to achieve our strategic objectives and fulfill our mission. Through Fannie Mae University, our platform for employee development, our employees can build knowledge and skills with the help of online courses, videos and other resources. We have worked on instilling lean management techniques, practices and behaviors throughout our workforce and Agile development principles for employees engaged in product development. We also emphasize to our employees their responsibility for and role in managing risk through our risk-assessment and monitoring activities, training and corporate messaging. 
 Safety and Resiliency 
 In 2022, we continued to prioritize the safety and resiliency of our workforce. Recognizing that our employees are balancing a number of competing obligations, we seek to provide an environment that supports our business needs while helping employees better meet their personal obligations. We embrace hybrid ways of working and operate in a hybrid work model, with office space where teams can come together and flexibility regarding when employees will be in the office. A significant majority of our employees are primarily working remotely and we currently expect they will continue to work primarily remotely for the foreseeable future. To date, our business resiliency plans and technology systems have effectively supported this remote work arrangement. To support our employees in their remote work environment, we have offered office supply stipends. We have also taken a number of steps to support employee resiliency, including extending our practice of half-day flexible Fridays through 2023. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We seek to foster an environment in which all employees are treated with dignity and respect, have the opportunity to contribute to meaningful work and grow their careers in an inclusive environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation. We believe this commitment helps us attract and retain a skilled, diverse workforce at all levels of our organization. As of December 31, 2022, racial or ethnic minorities constituted 58 of our overall workforce and 28 of our officer-level employees, and women constituted 44 of our overall workforce and 39 of our officer-level employees. 
 In 2022, to ensure a strong leadership focus on diversity and inclusion, we appointed a Chief Diversity Inclusion Officer to the management committee reporting to our President. The Chief Diversity Inclusion Officer leads our Office of Minority and Women Inclusion, which is responsible for driving the development of our diversity and inclusion 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 29 

Business | Human Capital 

 strategic plan in partnership with leaders across the company, and reporting on our progress against the plan. We also sponsor programs and activities to cultivate a diverse and inclusive work environment by focusing on inclusive leadership principles, talent development, enterprise accessibility, team and group dynamics, and a consistent communications strategy that reinforces the practice of driving inclusion to achieve innovative solutions. We supported ten voluntary, grassroots employee resource groups in 2022 that are open to all employees, support diversity and inclusion, and provide a forum for members to come together for professional growth and development, cultural awareness, education, community service, and networking across the organization. Our officer-led Diversity Advisory Council supports the integration of our diversity and inclusion strategy throughout the company. 
 Our commitment to diversity extends to our Board of Directors. Over half of Fannie Mae s Board members are women and/or racial or ethnic minorities. See Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Composition of Board of Directors for additional information on the diversity of our Board of Directors. 
 
 Where You Can Find Additional Information 
 We make available free of charge through our website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10 Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all other SEC reports and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our website address is www.fanniemae.com. Materials that we file with the SEC are also available from the SEC s website, www.sec.gov. You may also request copies of any filing from us, at no cost, by calling the Fannie Mae Investor Relations Marketing Helpline at 1-800-2FANNIE (1-800-232-6643). 
 References in this report to our website or to the SEC s website do not incorporate information appearing on those websites unless we explicitly state that we are incorporating the information. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report includes statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Exchange Act. In addition, we and our senior management may from time to time make forward-looking statements in our other filings with the SEC, our other publicly available written statements and orally to analysts, investors, the news media and others. Forward-looking statements often include words such as expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, seek, estimate, forecast, project, would, should, could, likely, may, will or similar words. Examples of forward-looking statements in this report include, among others, statements relating to our expectations regarding the following matters: 
 our future financial performance and the factors that will affect such performance; 
 our future aggregate liquidation preference and net worth; 
 economic, mortgage market and housing market conditions (including expectations regarding economic recession, home price declines, unemployment rates, refinance volumes and interest rates), the factors that will affect those conditions, and the impact of those conditions on our business and financial results; 
 our business plans and strategies, and their impact; 
 climate change and its impact; 
 the impact of changes in our guaranty fee pricing; 
 the impact of future changes to our credit score model requirements and our credit report requirements; 
 the effects of our credit risk transfer transactions, as well as the factors that will affect our engagement in future credit risk transfer transactions; 
 volatility in our financial results and the impact of hedge accounting on such volatility; 
 the size and composition of our retained mortgage portfolio, and the factors that will affect them; 
 the impact of the adoption of new accounting guidance; 
 the impact of the transition from LIBOR to SOFR on our measurement of interest-rate risk and financial results; 
 the impact of legislation and regulation on our business or financial results; 
 our payments to HUD and Treasury funds under the GSE Act; 
 the risks to our business; 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 30 

Business | Forward-Looking Statements 

 the future credit performance of the loans in our guaranty book of business (including future loan delinquencies and foreclosures) and the factors that will affect such performance; 
 our expectations relating to cyber attacks and other information security threats; 
 the factors that will affect the competition we face; 
 how we intend to meet our debt obligations and the factors that will affect our access to debt funding; and 
 our expectations relating to legal and regulatory actions and proceedings. 
 Forward-looking statements reflect our management s current expectations, forecasts or predictions of future conditions, events or results based on various assumptions and management s estimates of trends and economic conditions in the markets in which we are active and that otherwise impact our business plans. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. By their nature, forward-looking statements are subject to significant risks and uncertainties and changes in circumstances. Our actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these forward-looking statements. 
 There are a number of factors that could cause actual conditions, events or results to differ materially from those described in our forward-looking statements, including, among others, the following: 
 uncertainty regarding our future, our exit from conservatorship and our ability to raise or earn the capital needed to meet our capital requirements; 
 significant challenges we face in retaining and hiring qualified executives and other employees; 
 the prevalence and severity of future COVID-19 outbreaks; the actions taken to contain the virus, or treat its impact, including government actions to mitigate the economic impact of the pandemic; borrower and renter behavior in response to the pandemic and its economic impact; the short-term and long-term impact of COVID-19 infections on the U.S. workforce; and future economic and operating conditions, including the economic impact of outbreaks or increases in the number or severity of COVID-19 cases; 
 the impact of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement and the enterprise regulatory capital framework, as well as future legislative and regulatory requirements or changes, governmental initiatives, or executive orders affecting us, such as the enactment of housing finance reform legislation, including changes that limit our business activities or our footprint or impose new mandates on us; 
 actions by FHFA, Treasury, HUD, the CFPB, the SEC or other regulators, Congress, the Executive Branch, or state or local governments that affect our business; 
 a default by the United States government on its obligations; 
 changes in the structure and regulation of the financial services industry; 
 the potential impact of a change in the corporate income tax rate, which we expect would affect our net income in the quarter of enactment as a result of a change in our measurement of our deferred tax assets and our net income in subsequent quarters as a result of the change in our effective federal income tax rate; 
 the timing and level of, as well as regional variation in, home price changes; 
 future interest rates and credit spreads; 
 developments that may be difficult to predict, including: market conditions that result in changes in our amortization income from our guaranty book of business or changes in net interest income from our portfolios, fluctuations in the estimated fair value of our derivatives and other financial instruments that we mark to market through our earnings; and developments that affect our loss reserves, such as changes in interest rates, home prices or accounting standards, or events such as natural or other disasters, the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, or other disruptive or catastrophic events; 
 uncertainties relating to the discontinuance of LIBOR, or other market changes that could impact the loans we own or guarantee or our MBS; 
 disruptions or instability in the housing and credit markets; 
 the size and our share of the U.S. mortgage market and the factors that affect them, including population growth and household formation; 
 growth, deterioration and the overall health and stability of the U.S. economy, including U.S. gross domestic product GDP ), unemployment rates, personal income, inflation and other indicators thereof; 
 changes in fiscal or monetary policy of the U.S. or other countries, and the impact of such changes on domestic and international financial markets; 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 31 

Business | Forward-Looking Statements 

 our and our competitors future guaranty fee pricing and the impact of that pricing on our competitive environment and guaranty fee revenues; 
 the volume of mortgage originations; 
 the size, composition, quality and performance of our guaranty book of business and retained mortgage portfolio; 
 the competitive environment in which we operate, including the impact of legislative, regulatory or other developments on levels of competition in our industry and other factors affecting our market share; 
 how long loans in our guaranty book of business remain outstanding; 
 the effectiveness of our business resiliency plans and systems; 
 changes in the demand for Fannie Mae MBS, in general or from one or more major groups of investors; 
 our conservatorship, including any changes to or termination (by receivership or otherwise) of the conservatorship and its effect on our business; 
 the investment by Treasury, including the impact of past or potential future changes to the terms of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, and their effect on our business, including restrictions imposed on us by the terms of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, the senior preferred stock, and the warrant, as well as the extent that these or other restrictions on our business and activities are applied to us through other mechanisms even if we cease to be subject to these agreements and instruments; 
 adverse effects from activities we undertake to support the mortgage market and help borrowers, renters, lenders and servicers; 
 actions we may be required to take by FHFA, in its role as our conservator or as our regulator, such as changes in the type of business we do or actions relating to UMBS or our resecuritization of Freddie Mac-issued securities; 
 limitations on our business imposed by FHFA, in its role as our conservator or as our regulator; 
 our current and future objectives and activities in support of those objectives, including actions we may take to reach additional underserved borrowers or address barriers to sustainable housing opportunities and advance equity in housing finance; 
 the possibility that changes in leadership at FHFA or the Administration may result in changes that affect our company or our business; 
 our reliance on CSS and the common securitization platform CSS operates for a majority of our single-family securitization activities; provisions in the CSS limited liability company agreement that permit FHFA to add members to the CSS Board of Managers, which may limit the ability of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to control decisions of the Board; and changes FHFA may require in our relationship with or in our support of CSS; 
 a decrease in our credit ratings; 
 limitations on our ability to access the debt capital markets; 
 constraints on our entry into new credit risk transfer transactions; 
 significant changes in forbearance, modification and foreclosure activity; 
 the volume and pace of any future nonperforming and reperforming loan sales and their impact on our results and serious delinquency rates; 
 changes in borrower behavior; 
 actions we may take to mitigate losses, and the effectiveness of our loss mitigation strategies, management of our real estate owned REO inventory and pursuit of contractual remedies; 
 defaults by one or more institutional counterparties; 
 resolution or settlement agreements we may enter into with our counterparties; 
 our need to rely on third parties to fully achieve some of our corporate objectives; 
 our reliance on mortgage servicers; 
 changes in GAAP, guidance by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB and changes to our accounting policies; 
 changes in the fair value of our assets and liabilities; 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 32 

Business | Forward-Looking Statements 

 the stability and adequacy of the systems and infrastructure that impact our operations, including ours and those of CSS, our other counterparties and other third parties; 
 the impact of interdependence between the single-family mortgage securitization programs of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in connection with UMBS; 
 operational control weaknesses; 
 our reliance on models and future updates we make to our models, including the data and assumptions used by these models; 
 the effectiveness of our risk management processes and related controls, including those relating to climate risk and model risk; 
 domestic and global political risks and uncertainties, including the impact of the Russian war in Ukraine and escalating tensions between China and Taiwan; 
 natural disasters, environmental disasters, terrorist attacks, widespread health emergencies or pandemics, infrastructure failures, or other disruptive or catastrophic events; 
 severe weather events, fires, floods or other climate change events or impacts, including those for which we may be uninsured or under-insured or that may affect our counterparties, and other risks resulting from climate change and efforts to address climate change and related risks; 
 cyber attacks or other information security breaches or threats; and 
 the other factors described in Risk Factors. 
 Readers are cautioned not to unduly rely on the forward-looking statements we make and to place these forward-looking statements into proper context by carefully considering the factors discussed in Risk Factors in this report. These forward-looking statements are representative only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required under the federal securities laws. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 The summary of risks below provides an overview of the principal risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities. This summary does not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and you should read the more detailed discussion of risks that follows this summary. 
 GSE and Conservatorship Risk 
 The future of our company is uncertain. 
 FHFA, as our conservator, controls our business activities. We may be required to take actions that are difficult to implement, reduce our profitability or expose us to additional risk. 
 Our business activities are significantly affected by the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. 
 Our regulator is authorized or required to place us into receivership under specified conditions, which would result in our liquidation. Amounts recovered by our receiver may not be sufficient to pay claims outstanding against us, repay the liquidation preference of our preferred stock or to provide any proceeds to common shareholders. 
 Our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected if we are unable to retain and recruit well-qualified executives and other employees. The conservatorship, the uncertainty of our future, and limitations on our executive and employee compensation put us at a disadvantage compared to many other companies with which we compete for talent. 
 Pursuing our housing goals, duty to serve obligations, and Equitable Housing Finance Plan may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The conservatorship and agreements with Treasury adversely affect our common and preferred shareholders. 
 The liquidity and market value of our MBS could be adversely affected by negative developments in the UMBS market or from the loss of support from certain regulatory bodies for UMBS. 
 Our issuance of UMBS and structured securities backed by Freddie Mac-issued securities exposes us to significant operational and counterparty credit risk. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 33 

Risk Factors | Risk Factors Summary 

 Our reliance on CSS and the common securitization platform exposes us to significant third-party risk. 
 We are limited in our ability to diversify our business and undertake activities that management believes would benefit our business. 
 An active trading market in our equity securities may cease to exist, which would adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common and preferred stock. 
 Credit Risk 
 We may incur significant provisions for credit losses and write-offs on the loans in our book of business. 
 The credit enhancements we use provide only limited protection against potential future credit losses. These transactions also increase our expenses. 
 One or more of our institutional counterparties may fail to fulfill their contractual obligations to us, resulting in financial losses, business disruption and decreased ability to manage risk. 
 Our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected if mortgage servicers fail to perform their obligations to us. 
 We may incur losses as a result of claims under our mortgage insurance policies not being paid in full or at all. 
 Mortgage fraud could result in significant financial losses and harm to our reputation. 
 We may suffer losses if borrowers suffer property damage as a result of a hazard for which the borrower has no or insufficient insurance. 
 The occurrence of major natural or other disasters in the United States or its territories and the impact of climate change could materially increase our provision for credit losses and our write-offs. 
 Operational Risk 
 A failure in our operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could materially adversely affect our business, impair our liquidity, cause financial losses and harm our reputation. 
 A breach of the security of our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with which we do business, including as a result of cyber attacks, could damage or disrupt our business or result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or other information (including personal information), which could damage our reputation, result in regulatory sanctions and/or increase our costs and cause losses that have a material adverse impact on our business, financial results and financial condition. 
 Our concurrent implementation of multiple new initiatives may increase our operational risk and result in one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could result in errors in our reported results or disclosures that are not complete or accurate. 
 Failure of our models to produce reliable results may adversely affect our ability to manage risk and make effective business decisions, as well as create regulatory and reputational risk. 
 Liquidity and Funding Risk 
 Limitations on our ability to access the debt capital markets could have a material adverse effect on our ability to fund our operations, and our liquidity contingency plans may be difficult or impossible to execute during a sustained liquidity crisis. 
 A decrease in the credit ratings on our senior unsecured debt could have an adverse effect on our ability to issue debt on reasonable terms, particularly if such a decrease were not based on a similar action on the credit ratings of the U.S. government. A decrease in our credit ratings also could require that we post additional collateral for our derivatives contracts. 
 Market and Industry Risk 
 Changes in interest rates or our loss of the ability to manage interest-rate risk successfully could adversely affect our financial results and condition, and increase our interest-rate risk. 
 Changes in spreads could materially impact our results of operations, net worth and the fair value of our net assets. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 34 

Risk Factors | Risk Factors Summary 

 Uncertainty relating to the discontinuance of LIBOR may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and net worth. 
 Our business and financial results are affected by general economic conditions, including home prices and employment trends, and changes in economic conditions or financial markets may materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Actions by the Federal Reserve can materially affect our business and financial condition, including our business volumes and demand for our mortgage-backed securities. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risk 
 Regulatory changes in the financial services industry may negatively impact our business. 
 Legislative, regulatory or judicial actions could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition or net worth. 
 Our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected by legal or regulatory proceedings. 
 General Risk 
 The COVID-19 pandemic may continue to adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 Changes in accounting standards and policies can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial results. 
 In many cases, our accounting policies and methods, which are fundamental to how we report our financial condition and results of operations, require management to make judgments and estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. Management also relies on models in making these estimates. 
 Risk Factors 
 Refer to MD A Key Market Economic Indicators, MD A Risk Management, MD A Single-Family Business and MD A Multifamily Business for more detailed descriptions of the primary risks to our business and how we seek to manage those risks. 
 The risks we face could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and net worth, and could cause our actual results to differ materially from our past results or the results contemplated by any forward-looking statements we make. We believe the risks described below and in the other sections of this report referenced above are the most significant we face; however, these are not the only risks we face. We face additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial. 
 
 GSE and Conservatorship Risk 
 The future of our company is uncertain. 
 The company faces an uncertain future, including how long we will continue to exist in our current form, the extent of our role in the market, the level of government support of our business, how long we will be in conservatorship, what form we will have, what ownership interest, if any, our current common and preferred stockholders will hold in us after the conservatorship is terminated, and whether we will continue to exist following conservatorship. The conservatorship has been in place since 2008, is indefinite in duration, and the timing, conditions and likelihood of our emerging from conservatorship are uncertain. Our conservatorship could terminate through a receivership. Termination of the conservatorship, other than in connection with a receivership, requires Treasury s consent under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement; unless (1) all currently pending significant litigation relating to the conservatorship and the August 2012 amendment to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement has been resolved, and (2) for two or more consecutive quarters, our common equity tier 1 capital, together with any other stockholder equity that we may issue in a public offering, equals or exceeds 3 of our adjusted total assets (as defined in the enterprise regulatory capital framework). See Legal Proceedings and Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies for a discussion of the pending significant litigation relating to the amendment of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement and/or conservatorship. 
 Our current capital levels are significantly below the levels required under the enterprise regulatory capital framework. Our efforts to build capital to meet our requirements can be significantly affected by the amount and type of our new loan acquisitions, which can drive increases in our required capital that offset or even outpace increases in our available capital. We believe that the returns on our current book of business are not sufficient to attract private investors in our equity securities, which we believe would limit our options for exiting conservatorship. Increasing our returns may require substantial increases in our pricing or changes in other aspects of our business that could significantly affect our competitive position, our loan acquisition volumes, or the type of business we do, including the level of support we 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 35 

Risk Factors | GSE and Conservatorship Risk 

 provide to low- and moderate-income borrowers and renters. We curre ntly have higher capital requirements than our primary competit or, Freddie Mac, driven primarily by the larger size of our guaranty book of business. These higher capital requirements could negatively affect our ability to compete with Freddie Mac for the acquisition of mortgage loans, reduce our market share, change the mix of loans we acquire, and negatively affect the profitability of the loans we acquire. For more information on the enterprise regulatory capital framework, see Business Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters Capital Requirements. In addition, we believe that Treasury s potential additional substantial equity ownership in our company, along with restrictions imposed on our business and future dividends and fees we will be required to pay to Treasury under the current terms of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement will reduce our attractiveness to potential equity investors. 
 The Administration and Congress may consider housing finance reforms or legislation that could result in significant changes in our structure and role in the future, including proposals that would result in Fannie Mae s liquidation or dissolution. Congress may consider legislation, or federal agencies such as FHFA may consider regulations or administrative actions, to increase the competition we face, reduce our market share, further expand our obligations to provide funds to Treasury, further constrain our business operations, or subject us to other obligations that may adversely affect our business. We cannot predict the timing or content of housing finance reform legislation or other legislation, regulations or administrative actions that will impact our activities, nor can we predict the extent of such impact. 
 FHFA, as our conservator, controls our business activities. We may be required to take actions that are difficult to implement, reduce our profitability or expose us to additional risk. 
 In conservatorship, our business is not managed with a strategy to maximize shareholder returns. Our directors owe their fiduciary duties of care and loyalty solely to the conservator. Thus, while we are in conservatorship, the Board has no fiduciary duties to the company or its stockholders. The Supreme Court s opinion in Collins v. Yellen in June 2021 included an expansive interpretation of FHFA s authority as conservator under the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, noting that when the FHFA acts as a conservator, it may aim to rehabilitate the regulated entity in a way that, while not in the best interests of the regulated entity, is beneficial to the Agency and, by extension, the public it serves. As conservator, FHFA can direct us to enter into contracts or enter into contracts on our behalf, and generally has the power to transfer or sell any of our assets or liabilities. 
 Our strategic direction is subject to FHFA review and approval. FHFA also requires us to meet specified annual corporate performance objectives referred to as the conservatorship scorecard. We face a variety of different, and sometimes competing, business objectives and FHFA-mandated activities, such as the initiatives we have been pursuing under the conservatorship scorecards. FHFA has and may require us to undertake activities that are costly or difficult to implement. FHFA also has required us to make changes to our business that have adversely affected our financial results and could require us to make additional changes at any time. For example, FHFA may require us to undertake some activities that: reduce our profitability; expose us to additional credit, market, funding, operational, and other risks; or provide additional support for the mortgage market that serves our mission, but adversely affects our financial results. 
 FHFA can prevent us from engaging in business activities or transactions that we believe would benefit our business and financial results, and from time to time has done so. For example, because FHFA can direct us to make changes to our guaranty fee pricing and can prevent us from making changes to our guaranty fee pricing, our ability to address changing market conditions, pursue certain strategic objectives, or manage the mix of loans we acquire is constrained. 
 With FHFA s broad powers as conservator, changes in leadership at FHFA, including those resulting from a change in the Administration, could result in significant changes to the goals FHFA establishes for us and could have a material impact on our business and financial results. The President has the power to remove the Director of FHFA for any reason. 
 Our business activities are significantly affected by the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. 
 Even if we are released from conservatorship, we remain subject to the terms of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury, under which we issued the senior preferred stock and warrant. The senior preferred stock purchase agreement can only be canceled or modified with the consent of Treasury. The agreement includes a number of covenants that significantly restrict our business activities. These restrictions under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement could adversely affect our ability to attract capital from the private sector in the future. For more information about the covenants in the senior preferred stock purchase agreement and their potential impact on our business, see Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Treasury Agreements Covenants under Treasury Agreements. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 36 

Risk Factors | GSE and Conservatorship Risk 

 Our regulator is authorized or required to place us into receivership under specified conditions, which would result in our liquidation. Amounts recovered by our receiver may not be sufficient to pay claims outstanding against us, repay the liquidation preference of our preferred stock or to provide any proceeds to common shareholders. 
 The Director of FHFA is required to place us into receivership if they make a written determination that our assets are less than our obligations or if we have not been paying our debts as they become due, in either case, for a period of 60 days after the SEC filing deadline for any of our Form 10-Ks or Form 10-Qs. Although Treasury committed to providing us funds in accordance with the terms of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, if we need funding from Treasury to avoid triggering FHFA s obligation to place us into receivership, Treasury may not be able to provide sufficient funds to us within the required 60 days if it has exhausted its borrowing authority, if there is a government shutdown, or if the funding we need exceeds the amount available to us under the agreement. In addition, we could be put into receivership at the discretion of the Director of FHFA at any time for the reasons set forth in the GSE Act, including if our Board or shareholders consent to the appointment of a receiver or, if under the definitions in the GSE Act, we are undercapitalized with no reasonable prospect of becoming adequately capitalized or we are critically undercapitalized. Under the GSE Act, FHFA succeeded to all of the rights, titles, powers and privileges of our board of directors and shareholders. 
 A receivership would terminate our conservatorship. In addition to the powers FHFA has as our conservator, the appointment of FHFA as our receiver would terminate all rights and claims that our shareholders and creditors may have against our assets or under our charter arising from their status as shareholders or creditors, except for their right to payment, resolution or other satisfaction of their claims as permitted under the GSE Act. If we are placed into receivership and do not or cannot fulfill our MBS guaranty obligations, there may be significant delays of any payments to our MBS holders, and the MBS holders could become unsecured creditors of ours with respect to claims made under our guaranty to the extent the mortgage collateral underlying the Fannie Mae MBS is insufficient to satisfy the claims of the MBS holders. 
 In the event of a liquidation of our assets, only after payment of secured claims, administrative expenses of the receiver and the immediately preceding conservator, other obligations of the company (other than obligations to shareholders), and the liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock, would any liquidation proceeds be available to repay the liquidation preference on any other series of preferred stock. Finally, only after the liquidation preference on all series of preferred stock is repaid would any liquidation proceeds be available for distribution to the holders of our common stock. In the event of such a liquidation, we can make no assurances that there would be sufficient proceeds to make any distribution to holders of our preferred stock or common stock, other than to Treasury as the holder of our senior preferred stock. As described in Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Treasury Agreements Senior Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference, under the current terms of the senior preferred stock, until the capital reserve end date, the liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock increases each quarter by the amount of the increase in our net worth, if any, during the immediately prior fiscal quarter. The aggregate liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock was 180.3 billion as of December 31, 2022 and we expect it will continue to increase as we increase our net worth, leaving less available for holders of our preferred stock or common stock in the event of a liquidation of our assets. 
 Our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected if we are unable to retain and recruit well-qualified executives and other employees. The conservatorship, the uncertainty of our future, and limitations on our executive and employee compensation put us at a disadvantage compared to many other companies with which we compete for talent. 
 Our business is highly dependent on the talents and efforts of our executives and other employees. The conservatorship, the uncertainty of our future, and limitations on executive and employee compensation have had, and are likely to continue to have, an adverse effect on our ability to retain and recruit talent. Several of our senior executives departed in the first half of 2022, including our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Operating Officer, and our Chief Risk Officer. Future attrition in key management positions and challenges in finding replacements could harm our ability to manage our business effectively, to successfully implement strategic initiatives, and ultimately could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Actions taken by Congress, FHFA and Treasury to date, or that may be taken by them or other government agencies in the future, have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our retention and recruitment of executives and other employees. We are subject to significant restrictions on the amount and type of compensation we may pay while under conservatorship. For example: 
 The Equity in Government Compensation Act of 2015 limits the compensation and benefits for our Chief Executive Officer to the same level in effect as of January 1, 2015 while we are in conservatorship or 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 37 

Risk Factors | GSE and Conservatorship Risk 

 receivership. Accordingly, annual direct compensation for our Chief Executive Officer is limited to base salary at an annual rate of 600,000. 
 The Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012, known as the STOCK Act, and related FHFA regulations prohibit our senior executives from receiving bonuses during conservatorship. 
 As our conservator, FHFA has the authority to approve the terms and amounts of our executive compensation. FHFA also has the authority to require changes to our executive compensation program, which could affect our ability to retain and recruit executive officers. 
 FHFA has advised us that, given our conservatorship status, our executive compensation program is designed generally to provide for lower pay levels relative to large financial services firms that are not in conservatorship. FHFA has directed that we may target between the 25th and 50th percentiles of appropriate market data for new executive hires and compensation increase requests for existing executives, which limits the level of market-competitive compensation we are able to offer our executives if FHFA does not grant an exception. See Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis 2022 Executive Compensation Program; Chief Executive Officer Compensation for a description of FHFA s primary objectives for our executive compensation program, as well as directives and guidance FHFA has provided relating to our executive compensation during conservatorship. 
 The terms of our senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury contain specified restrictions relating to compensation, including a prohibition on selling or issuing equity securities without Treasury s prior written consent except under limited circumstances, which effectively eliminates our ability to offer equity-based compensation to our employees. 
 As a result of the restrictions on our compensation, we have not been able to incent and reward excellent performance with compensation structures that provide upside potential to our executives, which places us at a disadvantage compared to many other companies in attracting and retaining executives. In addition, the restrictions on our compensation and the uncertainty of potential action by Congress or the Administration with respect to our future including whether we will exit conservatorship, how long it may take before we exit conservatorship, or whether housing finance reform will result in a significant restructuring of the company or the company no longer continuing to exist also may adversely affect our ability to retain and recruit executives and other employees. 
 The cap on our Chief Executive Officer compensation continues to make retention and succession planning for this position difficult, and it may make it difficult to attract qualified candidates for this critical role in the future. 
 We face competition from the financial services and technology industries, and from businesses outside of these industries, for qualified executives and other employees. A tight labor market and remote work opportunities increased the competition we faced from other companies in 2022 in hiring new executives and other employees, as well as in retaining our executives and employees. If future competition for executive and employee talent is strong and if we are unable to retain, promote and attract executives and other employees with the necessary skills and talent, we would face increased risks for operational failures. In the future, if there are several high-level departures at approximately the same time, our ability to conduct our business could be materially adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Pursuing our housing goals, duty to serve obligations, and Equitable Housing Finance Plan may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are required by the GSE Act to support the housing market in ways that could materially adversely affect our financial results and condition. For example, we are subject to housing goals that require a portion of the mortgage loans we acquire to meet specified standards relating to affordability or location. We also have a duty to serve very low-, low- and moderate-income families in three specified underserved markets: manufactured housing, affordable housing preservation and rural housing. In September 2021, FHFA instructed us to prepare and implement a three-year Equitable Housing Finance Plan. This plan, which we published in June 2022, is intended to advance equity in housing finance by working to remove barriers to affordable rental housing and homeownership experienced by members of underserved populations, particularly racial and ethnic groups with a significant homeownership rate disparity. We are taking actions to support the housing market, including to meet our housing goals, duty to serve obligations and Equitable Housing Finance Plan, that could materially adversely affect our profitability. For example, we are acquiring loans that offer lower expected returns or could materially increase our provision for credit losses and our write-offs. Also see MD A Single-Family Business Single-Family Business Metrics Recent and Future Price Changes for a discussion of price changes we recently implemented for certain first-time homebuyers, low-income borrowers, and underserved communities that could negatively impact the credit risk profile of our new single-family acquisitions and investor interest in our future single-family credit risk transfer transactions. 
 If we do not meet our housing goals or duty to serve requirements, and FHFA finds that the goals or requirements were feasible, we may become subject to a housing plan with additional requirements that could have a material adverse 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 38 

Risk Factors | GSE and Conservatorship Risk 

 effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The potential penalties for failure to comply with housing plan requirements include a cease-and-desist order and civil money penalties. See Business Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters for more information on our housing goals and duty to serve underserved markets and Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Equitable Housing Finance Plan for more information on our Equitable Housing Finance Plan. 
 The conservatorship and agreements with Treasury adversely affect our common and preferred shareholders. 
 The material adverse effects of the conservatorship on our shareholders under our agreements with Treasury include the following: 
 No voting rights during conservatorship. During conservatorship, our common shareholders do not have the ability to elect directors or to vote on other matters unless the conservator delegates this authority to them. 
 No dividends to common or preferred shareholders, other than to Treasury. Our conservator announced in September 2008 that we would not pay any dividends on the common stock or on any series of preferred stock, other than the senior preferred stock, while we are in conservatorship. In addition, under the terms of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, dividends may not be paid to common or preferred shareholders (other than on the senior preferred stock) without the prior written consent of Treasury, regardless of whether we are in conservatorship. 
 Our profits directly increase the liquidation preference of Treasury s senior preferred stock and, after the capital reserve end date, we will be required to pay dividends on the senior preferred stock. The senior preferred stock ranks senior to our common stock and all other series of our preferred stock, as well as any capital stock we issue in the future, as to both dividends and distributions upon liquidation. Accordingly, if we are liquidated, the senior preferred stock is entitled to its then-current liquidation preference, before any distribution is made to the holders of our common stock or other preferred stock. Under the current terms of the senior preferred stock, until the capital reserve end date, the liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock increases each quarter by the amount of the increase in our net worth, if any, during the immediately prior fiscal quarter. We expect the aggregate liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock will continue to increase as we increase our net worth, leaving less available for holders of our preferred stock or common stock in the event of a liquidation of our assets. In addition, the current terms of the senior preferred stock provide that, following the capital reserve end date, we will be required to pay dividends on the senior preferred stock of the lesser of (1) a 10 annual rate on the then-current liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock and (2) an amount equal to the incremental increase in our net worth during the immediately prior fiscal quarter. See Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Treasury Agreements Senior Preferred Stock for more information on the dividend provisions and aggregate liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock. 
 Exercise of the Treasury warrant would substantially dilute the investment of current shareholders. If Treasury exercises its warrant to purchase shares of our common stock equal to 79.9 of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis, the ownership interest in the company of our then-existing common shareholders will be substantially diluted. 
 We are not managed for the benefit of shareholders. Because we are in conservatorship, we are not managed with a strategy to maximize shareholder returns. 
 The senior preferred stock purchase agreement, senior preferred stock and warrant can only be canceled or modified with the consent of Treasury. For additional description of the conservatorship and our agreements with Treasury, see Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements. 
 The liquidity and market value of our MBS could be adversely affected by negative developments in the UMBS market or from the loss of support from certain regulatory bodies for UMBS. 
 The success of UMBS is largely predicated on the fungibility of UMBS issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. If investors stop viewing Fannie Mae-issued UMBS and Freddie Mac-issued UMBS as fungible, or if investors prefer Freddie Mac-issued UMBS over Fannie Mae-issued UMBS, it could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of Fannie Mae MBS, the volume of our UMBS issuances and our guaranty fee revenues. FHFA adopted a rule to align Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac programs, policies and practices that affect the prepayment rates of TBA-eligible mortgage-backed securities to support the fungibility of Fannie Mae-issued UMBS and Freddie Mac-issued UMBS. However, these alignment efforts may not be successful over the long term and the prepayment rates on Fannie Mae-issued UMBS and Freddie Mac-issued UMBS could diverge in a manner that is disadvantageous for us. 
 We may experience price differences with Freddie Mac on individual new production pools of TBA-eligible mortgages, particularly with respect to specified pools and our multi-lender securities. From time to time, we may need to adjust our pricing for a particular new production pool category or introduce new initiatives to maintain alignment and competitiveness with Freddie Mac with respect to the acquisition of such pools. Depending on the amount of pricing 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 39 

Risk Factors | GSE and Conservatorship Risk 

 adjustments in any period, it is possible that those adjustments could adversely affect our guaranty fee revenues for that period. 
 The continued support of FHFA, Treasury, the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, and certain other regulatory bodies is critical to the success of UMBS. If any of these entities were to cease its support, the liquidity and market value of Fannie Mae-issued UMBS could be adversely affected. Furthermore, if either we or Freddie Mac exits conservatorship, it is unclear whether our and Freddie Mac s programs, policies and practices in support of UMBS and resecuritizations of each other s securities would be sustained. 
 Our issuance of UMBS and structured securities backed by Freddie Mac-issued securities exposes us to significant operational and counterparty credit risk. 
 When we resecuritize Freddie Mac-issued UMBS or other Freddie Mac securities, our guaranty of principal and interest extends to the underlying Freddie Mac security. Although we have an indemnification agreement with Freddie Mac, in the event Freddie Mac were to fail (for credit or operational reasons) to make a payment due on its securities underlying a Fannie Mae-issued structured security, we would be obligated under our guaranty to fund any shortfall and make the entire payment on the related Fannie Mae-issued structured security on that payment date. A failure by Freddie Mac to meet its obligations under the terms of its securities that back structured securities we issue could have a material adverse effect on our earnings and financial condition, and we could be dependent on Freddie Mac and on the senior preferred stock purchase agreements that we and Freddie Mac each have with Treasury to avoid a liquidity event or a default under our guaranty. Our current risk exposure to Freddie Mac-issued securities is provided in MD A Guaranty Book of Business. 
 In addition, UMBS have created significant interdependence between the single-family mortgage securitization programs of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Accordingly, the market value and liquidity profile of single-family Fannie Mae MBS could be affected by financial and operational incidents relating to Freddie Mac, even if those incidents do not directly relate to Fannie Mae or Fannie Mae MBS. Similarly, any disruption in Freddie Mac s securitization activities or any adverse events affecting Freddie Mac s significant mortgage sellers and servicers also could adversely affect the market value of single-family Fannie Mae MBS. 
 Our reliance on CSS and the common securitization platform exposes us to significant third-party risk. 
 We rely on CSS and its common securitization platform for the operation of a majority of our single-family securitization activities. Although we jointly own CSS with Freddie Mac, there are limitations on our ability to control CSS. 
 The CSS Board of Managers has two members designated by each GSE, as well as a Board Chair, the CSS CEO, and up to three additional Board members. Board actions must be approved by a majority vote and, while we and Freddie Mac both remain in conservatorship, FHFA has the right to designate the Board members not designated by the GSEs, and the Board may not take any actions absent the Chair s consent. Once either GSE has exited conservatorship and is not in receivership, the Board Chair and the three additional Board members may be removed or designated by the Board. Although the limited liability company agreement would require our approval for certain material decisions if either we or Freddie Mac have exited conservatorship, the Board may approve a number of actions even after conservatorship over the objection of the members we and Freddie Mac designate, including: approval of the annual budget and strategic plan for CSS (so long as it does not involve a material business change); withdrawal of capital by a member; and requiring capital contributions necessary to support CSS s ordinary business operations. It is possible that FHFA may require us to make additional changes to the CSS limited liability company agreement, or may otherwise impose restrictions or provisions relating to CSS or UMBS, that may adversely affect us. 
 We do not currently pay service fees to CSS under our customer services agreement; its operations are funded entirely through capital contributions from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac pursuant to the limited liability company agreement. During conservatorship, FHFA can direct us to enter into an amendment of the customer services agreement, or enter such an amendment on our behalf, that could provide for a fee structure that would survive an exit from conservatorship absent a further amendment to the customer services agreement, which a majority of the Board would have to approve. Although implementation of any fee changes could require a further amendment to the customer services agreement, we might not have significant leverage to negotiate that amendment and the associated fee changes given our dependence on CSS. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 40 

Risk Factors | GSE and Conservatorship Risk 

 Our securitization activities are complex and present significant operational and technological challenges and risks. Any measures we take to mitigate these challenges and risks might not be sufficient to prevent a disruption to our securitization activities. Our business activities could be adversely affected and the market for single-family Fannie Mae MBS could be disrupted if the common securitization platform were to fail or otherwise become unavailable to us or if CSS were unable to perform its obligations to us. Any such failure or unavailability could have a significant adverse impact on our business and could adversely affect the liquidity or market value of our single-family MBS. In addition, a failure by CSS to maintain effective controls and procedures could result in material errors in our reported results or disclosures that are not complete or accurate. 
 We are limited in our ability to diversify our business and undertake activities that management believes would benefit our business. 
 As a federally chartered corporation, we are subject to the limitations imposed by the Charter Act, extensive regulation, supervision and examination by FHFA, and regulation by other federal agencies, including Treasury, HUD and the SEC. The Charter Act defines our permissible business activities. For example, we may not originate mortgage loans or purchase single-family loans in excess of the conforming loan limits, and our business is limited to the U.S. housing finance sector. FHFA, as our regulator, may impose and has imposed additional limitations on our business. For example, the GSE Act requires us to obtain prior approval from FHFA for new products and to provide advance notice to FHFA of new activities. In December 2022, FHFA published a final rule implementing these requirements that permits FHFA to establish conditions or limitations on any new product or new activity. In addition, as described in previous risk factors, our business activities are subject to significant restrictions as a result of the conservatorship and the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, as well as under FHFA s UMBS rule. 
 The limitations on our business have and are expected to continue to delay or prevent us from undertaking some new business activities management believes would benefit our business. Further, as a result of the limitations on our ability to diversify our operations, our financial condition and results of operations depend almost entirely on conditions in a single sector of the U.S. economy, specifically, the U.S. housing market. Weak or unstable conditions in the U.S. housing market can therefore have a significant adverse effect on our business that we cannot mitigate through diversification. For a discussion of current U.S. housing market conditions, see MD A Key Market Economic Indicators. 
 An active trading market in our equity securities may cease to exist, which would adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common and preferred stock. 
 Our common stock and preferred stock are now traded exclusively in the over-the-counter market, and are not currently listed on any securities exchanges. We cannot predict the actions of market makers, investors or other market participants, and can offer no assurances that the market for our securities will be stable. If there is no active trading market in our equity securities, the market price and liquidity of the securities will be adversely affected. In addition, the market price of our common stock and preferred stock is subject to significant volatility, which may be due to other factors described in these Risk Factors, as well as speculation regarding our future, economic and political conditions generally, liquidity in the over-the-counter market in which our stock trades, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Such factors could cause the market price of our common stock and preferred stock to decline significantly from their current levels, which may result in significant losses to holders of our common stock and preferred stock. For example, the market price of our common stock declined from a closing stock price of 82 cents per share as of December 31, 2021 to a closing stock price of 35 cents per share as of December 30, 2022. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 We may incur significant provisions for credit losses and write-offs on the loans in our book of business. 
 We are exposed to a significant amount of mortgage credit risk on our 4.1 trillion guaranty book of business. Borrowers may fail to make required payments on mortgage loans we own or guaranty. This exposes us to the risk of credit losses. 
 In general, significant home price or multifamily property value declines or increased loan delinquencies could materially increase our provision for credit losses and our write-offs. Loan delinquencies, among other factors, are influenced by income growth rates and unemployment levels, which affect borrowers ability to repay their mortgage loans. Changes in home prices or multifamily property values affect the amount of equity that borrowers have in their properties. As home prices and multifamily property values increase, the severity of losses we incur on defaulted loans that we hold or guarantee decreases because the amount we can recover from the properties securing the loans increases. Conversely, declines in home prices and multifamily property values increase the losses we incur on defaulted loans. As described in MD A Key Market Economic Indicators, home prices declined on a national basis in the second half of 2022, and we expect they will decline further. If home prices or multifamily property values decline rapidly and a large number of borrowers default on their loans, we could experience significant credit losses on our book of business. Many borrowers who experienced COVID-19-related financial difficulties in recent years resolved their forbearance through a 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 41 

Risk Factors | Credit Risk 

 loan modification. Some of these borrowers may not continue to perform under the modified terms of the loan, which could increase our credit losses. We may ultimately experience greater losses than we currently expect and may have high provisions for credit losses in future periods. 
 Changes in interest rates can also affect our credit losses, as we describe in a risk factor below in Market and Industry Risk. Also see MD A Multifamily Business Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management Multifamily Portfolio Diversification and Monitoring for a discussion of factors that are negatively affecting the credit risk profile of our multifamily seniors housing portfolio. 
 Given our expectation of home price declines, an economic recession and higher unemployment rates in 2023, we expect the credit performance of the loans in our guaranty book of business will likely decline compared to recent performance, which is reflected in our allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022. If home price declines, multifamily property values, economic conditions or unemployment rates are worse than we currently expect, we could experience materially higher provisions for credit losses and write-offs. See MD A Key Market Economic Indicators for a discussion of our expectations for home prices, economic growth and unemployment rates. 
 We present detailed information about the risk characteristics of our single-family conventional guaranty book of business in MD A Single-Family Business and our multifamily guaranty book of business in MD A Multifamily Business. 
 The credit enhancements we use provide only limited protection against potential future credit losses. These transactions also increase our expenses. 
 While we use certain credit enhancements to mitigate some of our potential future credit losses, we may not be able to obtain as much protection from our credit enhancements as we would like, for a number of reasons: 
 Some of the credit enhancements we use, such as mortgage insurance, Credit Insurance Risk Transfer TM CIRT TM transactions and DUS lender loss-sharing arrangements, are subject to the risk that the counterparties may not meet their obligations to us, which we discuss in a risk factor below. 
 Our credit risk transfer transactions have limited terms, after which they provide limited or no further credit protection on the covered loans. 
 Our credit risk transfer transactions are not designed to shield us from all losses because we retain a portion of the risk of future losses on loans covered by these transactions, including all or a portion of the first loss position in most transactions. 
 In the event of a sufficiently severe economic downturn or other adverse market conditions, we may not be able to enter into new back-end credit risk transfer transactions for our recent acquisitions on economically advantageous terms. 
 Mortgage insurance does not protect us from all losses on covered loans. For example, mortgage insurance does not cover property damage that is not already covered by the hazard or flood insurance we require, and such damage may result in a reduction to, or a denial of mortgage insurance benefits. A property damaged by a flood that was outside a Federal Emergency Management Agency FEMA )-designated Special Flood Hazard Area, where we require coverage, or a property damaged by an earthquake are the most likely scenarios where property damage may result in a default not covered by hazard insurance. 
 In addition, the costs associated with credit risk transfer transactions are significant and may increase. Changes in regulatory guidance, such as requirements under the enterprise regulatory capital framework, may cause us to modify our credit risk transfer activities. 
 In January 2023, the SEC issued a proposed rule that, if adopted as proposed, could affect or prohibit our ability to enter into credit risk transfer transactions following our exit from conservatorship. Further, while the SEC indicated in the proposing release its intent to exempt us from the rule while we are in conservatorship, questions remain regarding the proposed rule and we are still assessing the potential impact of the rule on our credit risk transfer transactions during conservatorship. In addition, there can be no assurance that the final rule will not reflect important modifications, including with respect to the exception for our asset-backed securities prior to our exit from conservatorship. 
 One or more of our institutional counterparties may fail to fulfill their contractual obligations to us, resulting in financial losses, business disruption and decreased ability to manage risk. 
 We rely on our institutional counterparties to provide services and credit enhancements that are critical to our business. We face the risk that one or more of our institutional counterparties may fail to fulfill their contractual obligations to us. If an institutional counterparty defaults on its obligations to us, it could also negatively impact our ability to operate our business, as we outsource some of our critical functions to third parties, such as mortgage servicing, single-family Fannie Mae MBS issuance and administration, and certain technology functions. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 42 

Risk Factors | Credit Risk 

 Our primary exposures to institutional counterparties are with: 
 credit guarantors that provide credit enhancements on the mortgage assets in our guaranty book of business, including mortgage insurers and reinsurers, including those that participate in our CIRT transactions, and multifamily lenders with risk-sharing arrangements; 
 mortgage servicers that service the loans in our guaranty book of business; 
 mortgage sellers and servicers that are obligated to repurchase loans from us or reimburse us for losses in certain circumstances; and 
 the financial institutions that issue the investments held in our other investments portfolio. 
 We also have counterparty exposure to: derivatives counterparties; custodial depository institutions; mortgage originators, investors and dealers; debt security dealers; central counterparty clearing institutions; and document custodians. 
 The concentration of our counterparties in similar or related businesses heightens our counterparty risk exposure. We routinely enter into a high volume of transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, mortgage lenders and commercial banks, and mortgage insurers, resulting in a significant credit concentration with respect to this industry. We may also have multiple exposures to particular counterparties, as many of our counterparties perform several types of services for us. For example, our lenders or their affiliates may also act as derivatives counterparties, mortgage servicers, custodial depository institutions or document custodians. Accordingly, if one of these counterparties were to become insolvent or otherwise default on its obligations to us, it could harm our business and financial results in a variety of ways. 
 An institutional counterparty may default on its obligations to us for a number of reasons, such as changes in financial condition that affect its credit rating, changes in its servicer rating, a reduction in liquidity, operational failures or insolvency. In the event of a bankruptcy or receivership of one of our counterparties, we may be required to establish our ownership rights to the assets these counterparties hold on our behalf to the satisfaction of the bankruptcy court or receiver, which could result in a delay in accessing these assets causing a decline in their value. Counterparty defaults or limitations on their ability to do business with us could result in significant financial losses or hamper our ability to do business or manage the risks to our business. In addition, if we are unable to replace a defaulting counterparty that performs services critical to our business, it could adversely affect our ability to conduct our operations and manage risk. The expected shift in market conditions in 2023, including an expected lower volume of mortgage originations and an expected economic recession, could materially adversely affect the financial results and condition of some of our institutional counterparties, particularly non-depository mortgage sellers and servicers. 
 We have significant exposure to institutions in the financial services industry relating to derivatives, funding, short-term lending, securities, and other transactions. We depend on our ability to enter into derivatives transactions with our derivatives counterparties in order to manage the duration and prepayment risk of our retained mortgage portfolio. If we lose access to our derivatives counterparties, it could adversely affect our ability to manage these risks. 
 We use clearinghouses to facilitate many of our derivative trades. If the clearinghouse or the clearing member we use to access the clearinghouse defaults, we could lose margin that we have posted with the clearing member or clearinghouse. We are also a clearing member of two divisions of Fixed Income Clearing Corporation FICC ), a central counterparty CCP ). One FICC division clears our trades involving securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and other non-mortgage related securities. The other division clears our forward purchase and sale commitments of mortgage-related securities, including dollar roll transactions. As a clearing member of FICC, we are exposed to the risk of losses if the CCP or one or more of the CCP s clearing members fails to perform its obligations, because each FICC clearing member is required to absorb a portion of the losses incurred by other clearing members if they fail to meet their obligations to the clearinghouse. We could also incur losses associated with replacing contracts cleared through FICC in the event of a default by or the financial or operational failure of FICC. For more information, see MD A Risk Management Institutional Counterparty Credit Risk Management Other Counterparties Central Counterparty Clearing Institutions. 
 Our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected if mortgage servicers fail to perform their obligations to us. 
 We delegate the servicing of the mortgage loans in our guaranty book of business to mortgage servicers; we do not have our own servicing function. Functions performed by mortgage servicers on our behalf include collecting and delivering principal and interest payments, administering escrow accounts, monitoring and reporting delinquencies, performing default prevention activities and other functions. A servicer s inability or other failure to perform these functions or to follow our requirements could negatively impact our ability to, among other things: 
 manage our book of business; 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 43 

Risk Factors | Credit Risk 

 collect amounts due to us; 
 actively manage troubled loans; and 
 implement our homeownership assistance, foreclosure prevention and other loss mitigation efforts. 
 A decline in a servicer s performance, such as delayed or missed opportunities for loan workouts, foreclosure alternatives or foreclosures, could significantly affect our ability to mitigate credit losses and could affect the overall credit performance of the loans in our guaranty book of business. Servicers may experience financial and other difficulties due to the advances they are required to make to us on delinquent mortgages, including mortgages subject to forbearance plans. We could be adversely affected if our servicers lack appropriate controls, experience a failure in their controls, or experience a disruption in their ability to service loans, including as a result of legal or regulatory actions or ratings downgrades. 
 A large portion of our single-family guaranty book is serviced by non-depository servicers, particularly our delinquent single-family loans. Non-depository servicers also service a large portion of our multifamily guaranty book. The potentially lower financial strength and liquidity of non-depository mortgage servicers compared with depository mortgage servicers may negatively affect their ability to fully satisfy their financial obligations or to properly service the loans on our behalf. Non-depository servicers also are generally not subject to the same level of regulatory oversight as our mortgage servicer counterparties that are depository institutions. In January 2023, our largest single-family mortgage servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, announced its plan to reduce the size of its servicing portfolio. We anticipate that this may increase the concentration of our single-family conventional guaranty book serviced by non-depository servicers. 
 If we replace a mortgage servicer, we could incur costs and potential increases in servicing fees and could also face operational risks. If a mortgage servicer fails, it could result in a temporary disruption in servicing and loss mitigation activities relating to the loans serviced by that mortgage servicer, particularly if there is a loss of experienced servicing personnel. We may also face challenges in transferring a large servicing portfolio. Although we have contingency plans in the event of a failure of one or more of our top mortgage servicers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully execute against those plans in times of severe economic stress in the mortgage servicing industry. 
 Multifamily mortgage servicing is typically performed by the lenders who sell the mortgages to us, including non-depository servicers. We are exposed to the risk that multifamily servicers could come under financial pressure, which could potentially result in a decline in the quality of the servicing they provide us or a default by the servicer. A decline in servicing quality or a default by a multifamily servicer could increase our losses on multifamily loans. 
 The actions we have taken to mitigate our credit risk exposure to mortgage servicers may not be sufficient to prevent us from experiencing significant financial losses or business interruptions in the event they cannot fulfill their obligations to us. 
 We may incur losses as a result of claims under our mortgage insurance policies not being paid in full or at all. 
 We rely heavily on mortgage insurers to provide insurance against borrower defaults on single-family conventional mortgage loans with LTV ratios over 80 at the time of acquisition. Although our primary mortgage insurer counterparties currently approved to write new business must meet risk-based asset requirements, there is still a risk that these counterparties may fail to fulfill their obligations to pay our claims under insurance policies. If a mortgage insurer fails to meet its obligations to reimburse us for claims, our credit losses could increase. In addition, if a regulator determines that a mortgage insurer lacks sufficient capital to pay all claims when due, the regulator could take action that might affect the timing and amount of claim payments made to us by our approved mortgage insurer counterparties. We face similar risks with respect to our credit insurance risk transfer counterparties. 
 With respect to primary mortgage insurers that we have approved to write coverage on loans sold to us, we currently do not differentiate pricing based on counterparty strength or operational performance. Additionally, we would not revoke a primary mortgage insurer s status as an eligible insurer unless there was a material violation of our private mortgage insurer eligibility requirements. Further, we do not generally select the provider of primary mortgage insurance on a specific loan, because the selection is usually made by the lender at the time the loan is originated. Accordingly, we have limited ability to manage our concentration risk with respect to primary mortgage insurers. 
 On at least a quarterly basis, we assess our mortgage insurer counterparties respective abilities to fulfill their obligations to us, and our loss reserves take into account this assessment. If our assessment indicates their ability to pay claims has deteriorated significantly or if our projected claim amounts have increased, we could experience a material increase in our provision for credit losses and write-offs. 
 Mortgage fraud could result in significant financial losses and harm to our reputation. 
 We use a process of delegated underwriting in which lenders make specific representations and warranties about the characteristics of the mortgage loans we purchase and securitize. As a result, we do not independently verify most 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 44 

Risk Factors | Credit Risk 

 borrower information that is provided to us. This exposes us to the risk that one or more of the parties involved in a transaction (the borrower, seller, broker, appraiser, title agent, lender or servicer) will engage in fraud by misrepresenting facts about a mortgage loan. Similarly, we rely on delegated servicing of loans and use of a variety of external resources to manage our REO inventory. We have experienced financial losses resulting from mortgage fraud, including institutional fraud perpetrated by counterparties. In the future, we may experience additional financial losses or reputational damage as a result of mortgage fraud. 
 We may suffer losses if borrowers suffer property damage as a result of a hazard for which the borrower has no or insufficient insurance. 
 In general, we require borrowers to obtain and maintain property insurance to cover the risk of damage to their homes or properties resulting from hazards such as fire, wind and, for properties in a FEMA-designated Special Flood Hazard Area, flooding. To the extent that borrowers suffer property damage as a result of a hazard for which we do not generally require insurance, such as earthquake damage or flood damage on a property located outside a Special Flood Hazard Area, borrowers claims under insurance policies are not paid, borrowers insurance is insufficient to cover their losses or borrowers fail to maintain insurance and suffer property damage, they may not pay their mortgage loans, which would negatively impact our provision for credit losses and our write-offs. Hazard insurers may experience financial strain and be unable to make payments on related claims during a period in which significant numbers of mortgaged properties are damaged by natural or other disasters. 
 Only a small portion of loans in our guaranty book of business as of December 31, 2022 was located in a Special Flood Hazard Area, for which we require flood insurance: 3.3 of loans in our single-family guaranty book of business and 6.8 of loans in our multifamily guaranty book of business. We believe that only a small portion of borrowers in most places outside of a Special Flood Hazard Area obtain flood insurance. The risk of significant flooding in places outside of a Special Flood Hazard Area (that is, in places where we do not require flood insurance) is expected to increase in the coming years as a result of climate change. Single-family borrowers who obtain flood insurance generally rely on the National Flood Insurance Program NFIP ), which was recently extended through September 30, 2023. If Congress fails to extend or re-authorize the program upon future expirations, FEMA may not have sufficient funds to pay claims for flood damage, and borrowers may not be able to renew their flood insurance coverage or obtain new policies through the NFIP. In addition, NFIP insurance does not cover temporary living expenses, and the maximum limit of coverage available under NFIP for a single-family residential property is 250,000, which may not be sufficient to cover all losses. 
 Increases in the intensity or frequency of floods or other weather-related disasters as a result of climate change are expected to increase the foregoing risks. In some areas, some insurers have ceased writing new coverage or have significantly increased insurance premiums for certain perils. As coverage becomes unavailable or prohibitively expensive in an area, home prices or multifamily property values may be negatively impacted, and fewer loans in the area may be eligible for acquisition by Fannie Mae. Ultimately, the desirability of areas that frequently experience hurricanes, wildfires or other natural disasters may diminish over time, which can depress home prices and multifamily property values or adversely affect the region s economy, which may negatively impact our financial results. In addition, investors may place greater weight on climate change risks when making investment decisions, which could increase our cost or ability to transfer credit risk. 
 The occurrence of major natural or other disasters in the United States or its territories and the impact of climate change could materially increase our provision for credit losses and our write-offs. 
 We conduct our business in the single-family and multifamily residential mortgage markets and own or guarantee the performance of mortgage loans throughout the United States and its territories. The occurrence of a major natural or environmental disaster, terrorist attack, cyber attack, pandemic, or similar event (a major disruptive event in the United States or its territories could negatively impact our provision for credit losses and our write-offs on loans in the affected geographic area or, depending on the magnitude, scope and nature of the event, nationally, in a number of ways. 
 A major disruptive event that either damages or destroys single-family or multifamily real estate securing mortgage loans in our book of business or negatively impacts the ability of borrowers to make principal and interest payments on mortgage loans in our book of business could increase our delinquency rates, default rates and average loan loss severity of our book of business in the affected region or regions. Further, a major disruptive event or a long-lasting increase in the vulnerability of an area to disasters that affects borrowers ability to make payments on their mortgages, discourages housing activity, including homebuilding or home buying, or causes a deterioration in housing conditions or the general economy in the affected region could lower the volume of originations in the mortgage market, influence 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 45 

Risk Factors | Credit Risk 

 home prices and property values in the affected region or in adjacent regions and increase delinquency rates and default rates. Any of these outcomes could generate significant provisions for credit losses and write-offs. 
 Recent years have seen frequent and severe natural disasters in the U.S., including wildfires, hurricanes, high winds, severe flooding, mudslides, and environmental contamination. We believe the frequency and intensity of major weather-related events in recent years are indicative of the impact of climate change, the impacts of which are expected to persist and worsen in the future. Population growth and an increase in people living in high-risk areas, such as coastal areas vulnerable to severe storms and flooding, have also increased the impact of these events. Although our financial exposure from these events is mitigated to the extent our book of business is geographically diverse, we remain exposed to risk, particularly in connection with the risk of geographically widespread weather events and changes in weather patterns, as well as geographic areas where our book of business is more heavily concentrated. For a description of the geographic concentration of our single-family guaranty book of business, see MD A Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management Single-Family Portfolio Diversification and Monitoring. As a result, any continuation or increase in recent weather trends or their unpredictability, or any single natural disaster of significant scope or intensity, could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the unpredictability of natural disasters and the complexity of forecasting long-term climate change negatively affect our ability to predict the potential impacts from such events, particularly over the long term. 
 In addition to the impact of natural disasters, longer-term shifts in climate patterns could result in chronic risks such as sustained higher temperatures, sea level rise, water scarcity and increased wildfires that negatively affect certain regions, which could negatively affect home prices and multifamily property values in those regions, as well as the ability of borrowers in those regions to pay their mortgage loans. Further, legal or regulatory responses to concerns about global climate change may impact the housing markets and, as a result, our business. Steps to address the risks of climate change could result in a potentially disruptive transition away from carbon-intense industries. Such a transition could negatively impact certain industries and regional economies, affecting the ability of borrowers in those industries or regions to pay their mortgage loans. Transition risks also could include a change in borrower and renter preferences for certain areas of the country or certain types of housing. The migration of communities and individuals due to climate-related risk and economic factors could lead to changes in home prices and multifamily property values in affected regions or an increase in lower income households living in high-risk areas. Transition risks of climate change also include potential additional regulatory and legislative requirements that could increase our expenses or the cost of housing. 
 The timing and severity of climate change events or societal changes in reaction to them are difficult to predict. As a result, while we are taking steps to integrate climate risk considerations into our Enterprise Risk Management framework, our risk management strategies may not be effective in mitigating our climate risk exposure. As regulators begin to mandate additional disclosure of climate-related information by companies across sectors, there may continue to be a lack of information needed for more robust climate-related risk analyses. Third-party exposures to climate-related risks and other data generally are limited in availability and variable in quality. Modeling capabilities to analyze climate-related risks and interconnections are improving but remain incomplete. We believe these limitations will affect our ability to manage climate-related risks. 
 
 Operational Risk 
 A failure in our operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could materially adversely affect our business, impair our liquidity, cause financial losses and harm our reputation. 
 Shortcomings or failures in our internal processes, people, or systems, or external events, could disrupt our business or have a material adverse effect on our risk management, liquidity, financial statement reliability, financial condition and results of operations. Such a failure could result in legislative or regulatory intervention or sanctions, liability to counterparties, financial losses, business disruptions and damage to our reputation. For example, our business is highly dependent on our ability to manage and process, on a daily basis, an extremely large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex, across numerous and diverse markets that continuously and rapidly change and evolve. These transactions are subject to various legal, accounting and regulatory standards. Our financial, accounting, data processing or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, adversely affecting our ability to process these transactions or manage associated data with reliability and integrity. In addition, we rely on information provided by third parties in processing many of our transactions; that information may be incorrect or we may fail to properly manage or analyze it or properly monitor its data quality. 
 We rely upon business processes that are highly dependent on people, technology, data and the use of numerous complex systems and models to manage our business and produce information upon which our financial statements and risk reporting are prepared. This reliance increases the risk that we may be exposed to financial, reputational or other losses as a result of inadequately designed internal processes or data management architecture, inflexible 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 46 

Risk Factors | Operational Risk 

 technology or the failure of our systems. In addition, our use of third-party service providers for some of our business and technology functions increases the risk that an operational failure by a third party will adversely affect us. For example, we use third-party service providers for cloud infrastructure services. We have experienced interruptions in access to our platforms as a result of connectivity issues with third-party cloud-based platforms and related data centers and could experience disruptions again if there is a lapse of service, interruption of internet service provider connectivity or damage to third-party cloud-based platforms or any related data centers. The risk of these disruptions is exacerbated by key fourth-party relationships, in which some of our third-party service providers have engaged subcontractors to provide key services and our ability to assess the fourth party s operational controls is limited. While we continue to enhance our technology, infrastructure, operational controls and organizational structure in order to reduce our operational risk, these actions may not be effective to manage these risks. 
 Our ability to manage and aggregate data may be limited by the effectiveness of our policies, programs, processes, systems and practices that govern how data is acquired, validated, stored, protected, processed and shared. Failure to manage data effectively and to aggregate data in an accurate and timely manner may limit our ability to manage current and emerging risks, as well as to manage changing business needs. The increasing use of new third-party and open source artificial intelligence tools poses additional risks relating to the protection of data, including the potential exposure of our proprietary confidential information to unauthorized recipients and the misuse of our intellectual property. 
 We have begun to use artificial intelligence and machine learning technology to help manage some of the operational risks we face, including with respect to business resiliency. Our use of this new technology may present new risks, including the potential for outages, inefficiencies, and bias or errors in the technology s analysis and conclusions while the technology and our use of the technology matures. 
 We also face the risk of operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, paying agents, exchanges, clearinghouses or other financial intermediaries, including the Federal Reserve, we use to facilitate our securities and derivatives transactions. Moreover, the consolidation and interconnectivity among clearing agents, exchanges and clearing houses increases the risk of operational failure, on both an individual basis and an industry-wide basis. Any such failure, termination or constraint could adversely affect our ability to effect transactions or manage our exposure to risk. 
 Most of our employees and business operations functions are consolidated in two metropolitan areas: Washington, DC and Dallas, Texas. While we have reduced the risk posed by this concentration of our employees and facilities in recent years through our business continuity strategies and our transition to a hybrid work environment, a major disruptive event at either location could impact our ability to operate. Moreover, because of the concentration of our employees in the Washington, DC and Dallas metropolitan areas, a regional disruption, particularly a disruption with a sustained impact, in one of these areas could prevent our employees from accessing our facilities, working remotely, or communicating with or traveling to other locations. Accordingly, the occurrence of one or more major disruptive events could materially adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and lead to financial losses. 
 A breach of the security of our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with which we do business, including as a result of cyber attacks, could damage or disrupt our business or result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or other information (including personal information), which could damage our reputation, result in regulatory sanctions and/or increase our costs and cause losses that have a material adverse impact on our business, financial results and financial condition. 
 Our operations rely on the secure receipt, processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks and with our business partners, including proprietary, confidential or personal information that is subject to privacy laws, regulations or contractual obligations. Information security risks for large institutions like us have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies and the use of the Internet, telecommunications and cloud technologies to conduct or automate financial transactions. A number of financial services companies, consumer-based companies and other organizations have reported the unauthorized disclosure of client, customer or other confidential information (including personal information), as well as cyber attacks involving the dissemination, theft and destruction of corporate information, intellectual property, cash or other valuable assets. There have also been several highly publicized ransomware cyber attacks where hackers have requested ransom payments in exchange for not disclosing stolen customer information (including personal information) or for unlocking or not disabling the target company s computer or other systems. 
 We have been, and expect to continue to be, the target of cyber attacks, computer viruses, malicious code, social engineering attacks, including phishing attacks, denial of service attacks and other information security threats. To date, cyber attacks have not had a material impact on our financial condition, financial results or business. However, we could suffer material financial or other losses, as well as significant reputational damage, as a result of cyber attacks, and 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 47 

Risk Factors | Operational Risk 

 these attacks and their impacts are hard to predict. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of, among other things: 
 the evolving nature of these threats, including the increased capability of the technology, artificial intelligence and service offerings that can be used maliciously; 
 our prominent size and scale and our role in the financial services industry; 
 the outsourcing of some of our business operations; 
 the ongoing shortage of qualified cybersecurity professionals; 
 our migration to cloud-based systems; 
 our use of employee-owned devices for business communication; 
 the interconnectivity and interdependence of third parties to our systems; and 
 the current global economic and political environment. 
 For example, the current tensions between the United States and Russia due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine that began in February 2022 and the resulting actions by the United States and a number of other countries in response (including economic sanctions imposed on Russia and the provision of military supplies to Ukraine) could result in retaliatory cyber attacks by Russian threat actors on our business or on third parties with which we do business that have a material impact on our business. 
 Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our software, computers, systems and information, we may not be able to anticipate, detect or recognize threats to our systems and assets, or to implement effective preventive measures against all cyber threats, especially because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently, are complex, and are often not recognized until launched. In addition, large-scale cyber attacks in recent years suggest that the risk of damaging cyber attacks impacting us and/or third parties with which we do business is increasing. We expect cyber attack and breach incidents to continue, and we are unable to predict the direct or indirect impact of future attacks or breaches on our business operations. 
 We routinely identify cyber threats as well as vulnerabilities in our systems and work to address them. Some cyber vulnerabilities take a substantial amount of time to resolve. In addition, efforts to resolve them may be unsuccessful. Further, these efforts involve costs that can be significant as cyber attack methods continue to rapidly evolve. Cyber attacks can originate from a variety of sources, including external parties who are affiliated with foreign governments or are involved with organized crime or terrorist organizations. Cybersecurity risks also derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third parties. Third parties have, and we expect will continue to, attempt to induce employees, lenders, servicers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information or provide access to our systems or network, or to our data or that of our counterparties or borrowers, and these types of risks may be difficult to detect or prevent. 
 The occurrence of a cyber attack, breach, unauthorized access, misuse, computer virus or other malicious code or other cybersecurity event could jeopardize or result in the unauthorized disclosure, gathering, monitoring, misuse, corruption, loss or destruction of confidential and other information (including personal information) that belongs to us, our lenders, our servicers, our counterparties, third-party service providers or borrowers that is processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks. The occurrence of such an event could also result in damage to our software, computers or systems, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our lenders , our counterparties or third parties operations. This could result in significant financial losses, loss of customers and business opportunities, reputational damage, litigation, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, reimbursement or other compensatory costs that have a material adverse impact on our business, financial results and financial condition. 
 Cyber attacks can occur and persist for an extended period of time without detection. Investigations of cyber attacks are inherently unpredictable, and it takes time to complete an investigation and have full and reliable information. While we are investigating a cyber attack, we do not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and we can repeat or compound certain errors or actions before we discover and remediate them. In addition, announcing that a cyber attack has occurred increases the risk of additional cyber attacks, and preparing for this elevated risk can delay the announcement of a cyber attack. All or any of these challenges could further increase the costs and consequences of a cyber attack. These factors may also inhibit our ability to provide rapid, complete and reliable information about a cyber attack to our lenders, servicers, counterparties and regulators, as well as the public. 
 In addition, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures and to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from operational and security risks. Although we maintain insurance coverage relating to cybersecurity risks, our insurance may not be sufficient to provide adequate loss coverage in all circumstances (including if the insurer denies future claims) and may not continue to be available to 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 48 

Risk Factors | Operational Risk 

 us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Further, we cannot ensure that any limitations of liability provisions in our agreements with lenders, servicers, vendors and other third parties with which we do business would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages with respect to a particular claim in connection with a cyber attack or other information security incident. 
 Because we are interconnected with and dependent on third-party vendors, exchanges, clearing houses, fiscal and paying agents, and other financial intermediaries, including CSS, we could be materially adversely impacted if any of them is subject to a successful cyber attack or other information security event. Third parties with which we do business may also be sources of cybersecurity or other technological risks. We outsource certain functions and these relationships allow for the external storage and processing of our information, as well as lender, servicer, counterparty and borrower information, including on cloud-based systems. We also share this type of information with regulatory agencies and their vendors. While we engage in actions to mitigate our exposure resulting from our information-sharing activities, ongoing threats may result in unauthorized access, loss or destruction of data or other cybersecurity incidents that could materially adversely affect our business and result in legal liabilities, fines, regulatory action and reputational harm that have a material adverse impact on our business, financial results and financial condition. 
 We routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential and proprietary information by electronic means. In addition, our lenders and servicers maintain personal, confidential and proprietary information, including personal borrower information. We have discussed and worked with lenders, servicers, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against cyber attacks, but we do not have, and may be unable to put in place, secure capabilities with all of our lenders, servicers, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties, and we may not be able to ensure that these third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information. An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information being sent to, received from, or maintained by a lender, servicer, vendor, service provider, counterparty or other third party could result in legal liability, fines, regulatory action and reputational harm that have a material adverse impact on our business, financial results or financial condition. From time to time, our lenders and servicers have experienced data breaches or other cybersecurity incidents relating to our borrower information. While such breaches and incidents have not been material to our business to date, they could result in legal liabilities, fines, regulatory action and reputational harm that have a material adverse impact on our business, financial results and financial condition. 
 The legal and regulatory environment related to data privacy and cybersecurity is constantly changing. Privacy and cybersecurity are currently areas of considerable legislative and regulatory attention, with new or modified laws, regulations, rules and standards being frequently adopted and potentially subject to divergent interpretation or application in different states in a manner that may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements for businesses. The uncertainty and compliance risks created by these legislative and regulatory developments are compounded by the rapid pace of technology development, such as artificial intelligence and advances in data science, that may affect the use or security of data, including personal information. Privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations often impose strict requirements on the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, security, and other processing of personal information. These laws and regulations, combined with our evolving data footprint, are expected to increase our compliance costs and require changes to our business and operations. An actual or perceived failure by us, lenders, servicers, vendors, service providers, counterparties or other third parties to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws, regulations, standards, policies and contractual obligations could result in legal liabilities, fines, regulatory action and reputational harm that have a material adverse impact on our business, financial results and financial condition. 
 Our concurrent implementation of multiple new initiatives may increase our operational risk and result in one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 We are currently implementing a number of initiatives in furtherance of both our and our conservator s strategic objectives. The magnitude of the many new initiatives we are undertaking may increase our operational risk. Many of these initiatives involve significant changes to our business processes, controls, systems and infrastructure, require substantial attention from management, and present significant operational challenges for us. Some business initiatives that we are currently developing or executing against include our environmental, social and governance initiatives, enhancements and efficiencies to our operational processes, and enhancements to our existing and development of new information technology and other systems. For example, for the past several years we have been transitioning our core information technology systems to third-party cloud-based platforms. If completing this initiative is delayed or we fail to complete it in a well-managed, secure and effective manner, we may experience unplanned service disruptions or unforeseen costs, which could result in material harm to our business and results of operations. In addition, FHFA as our conservator is requiring that we undertake a number of initiatives, including those set forth in their 2023 scorecard. While implementation of each individual initiative creates operational challenges, implementing multiple initiatives during the same time period significantly increases these challenges. Due to the operational complexity associated with these 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 49 

Risk Factors | Operational Risk 

 changes and the limited time periods for implementing them, we believe there is a risk that implementing these changes could result in one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in a future period. If this were to occur, we could experience material errors in our reported financial results. In addition, FHFA, Treasury, other agencies of the U.S. government or Congress may require us to implement additional initiatives in the future that could further increase our operational risk. 
 Material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could result in errors in our reported results or disclosures that are not complete or accurate. 
 Management has determined that, as of the date of this filing, we have ineffective disclosure controls and procedures that result in a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has expressed an adverse opinion on our internal control over financial reporting because of the material weakness. Our ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and material weakness could result in errors in our reported results or disclosures that are not complete or accurate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 Our material weakness relates specifically to the impact of the conservatorship on our disclosure controls and procedures. Because we are under the control of FHFA, some of the information that we may need to meet our disclosure obligations may be solely within the knowledge of FHFA. As our conservator, FHFA has the power to take actions without our knowledge that could be material to our shareholders and other stakeholders, and could significantly affect our financial performance or our continued existence as an ongoing business. Because FHFA currently functions as both our regulator and our conservator, there are inherent structural limitations on our ability to design, implement, operate and test effective disclosure controls and procedures relating to information known to FHFA. As a result, we have not been able to update our disclosure controls and procedures in a manner that adequately ensures the accumulation and communication to management of information known to FHFA that is needed to meet our disclosure obligations under the federal securities laws, including disclosures affecting our financial statements. Given the structural nature of this material weakness, we do not expect to remediate this weakness while we are under conservatorship. See Controls and Procedures for further discussion of management s conclusions on our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. 
 Failure of our models to produce reliable results may adversely affect our ability to manage risk and make effective business decisions, as well as create regulatory and reputational risk. 
 We make significant use of quantitative models to measure and monitor our risk exposures and to manage our business. For example, we use models to measure and monitor our exposures to interest rate, credit and market risks, and to forecast credit losses. We use this information in making business decisions relating to strategies, initiatives, transactions, pricing and products. 
 Models are inherently imperfect predictors of actual results because they are based on historical data and assumptions regarding factors such as future loan demand, borrower behavior, creditworthiness and home price trends. Other potential sources of inaccurate or inappropriate model results include errors in computer code, inaccurate or incomplete data, misuse of data, or use of a model for a purpose outside the scope of the model s design. Modeling often assumes that historical data or experience can be relied upon as a basis for forecasting future events, an assumption that may be especially tenuous in the face of unprecedented events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and long-term climate change. 
 Given the challenges of predicting future behavior, management judgment is used throughout the modeling process, from model design decisions regarding core underlying assumptions, to interpreting and applying final model output. When market conditions change quickly and in unforeseen ways, there is an increased risk that the model assumptions and data inputs for our models are not representative of the most recent market conditions, which requires management to apply its judgment to make adjustments or overrides to our models. In a rapidly changing environment, it may not be possible to update existing models quickly enough to properly account for the most recently available data and events. 
 In addition to internally-developed models, we also use select third-party models. While the use of such models may reduce our risk where no internal model is available, it exposes us to additional risk, as we often have limited visibility into the third party s model methodology and change management process. In addition, in some instances we rely on third-party data providers to develop and provide estimates for our models. This reliance on third-party data providers exposes us to risk should the data provider cease to provide the data going forward or change its methodology, which would require that we find a suitable replacement for the data and could result in the need to re-estimate our models with the new data. 
 We also expect to gradually increase the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning in our models. The use of new artificial intelligence and machine learning technology in our models may present new risks, such as the 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 50 

Risk Factors | Operational Risk 

 risk of undetected bias in the model and the limited ability to understand and challenge the model due to a limited ability to observe the internal workings of many machine learning models. 
 To the extent our internal models or the third-party models that we use fail to produce reliable results on an ongoing basis, we may not make appropriate business and risk management decisions, including decisions affecting loan purchases, guaranty fee pricing, management of credit losses, and asset and liability management. While we employ strategies to manage and govern the risks associated with our use of models, they have not always been fully effective. Errors have been discovered in some of the models we use, as well as deficiencies in our current processes for managing model risk. As noted in MD A Risk Management Operational Risk Management Model Risk Management, we are currently working on a number of remediation activities relating to our models, including improving our processes for model governance, development, implementation and testing. Until these remediation activities are completed, we face a higher risk that we may make inappropriate business or risk management decisions based on unreliable model results, which could negatively affect our financial results and condition. 
 Errors in our models can also result in errors in our external disclosures. As described in Business Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters Stress Testing, we discovered errors in a model used to prepare our annual stress test results that affected our stress test results for 2022 and prior years. We could discover additional errors in our models in the future that result in further errors in our external disclosures that create regulatory and reputational risk. 
 Also see a risk factor below in General Risk for a discussion of the risks associated with the use of models in our accounting methods. 
 
 Liquidity and Funding Risk 
 Limitations on our ability to access the debt capital markets could have a material adverse effect on our ability to fund our operations, and our liquidity contingency plans may be difficult or impossible to execute during a sustained liquidity crisis. 
 Our ability to fund our business depends in part on our ongoing access to the debt capital markets. Market concerns about matters such as the extent of government support for our business and debt securities, the future of our business (including future profitability, future structure, regulatory actions and our status as a government-sponsored enterprise) and the creditworthiness of the U.S. government could cause a severe negative effect on our access to the unsecured debt markets, particularly for long-term debt. We believe that our ability in recent years to issue debt of varying maturities at attractive pricing resulted from federal government support of our business. As a result, we believe that our status as a government-sponsored enterprise and continued federal government support are essential to maintaining our access to debt funding. Changes or perceived changes in federal government support of our business, our debt securities or our status as a government-sponsored enterprise could materially and adversely affect our ability to fund our business. There can be no assurance that the government will continue to support our business or our debt securities, or that our current level of access to debt funding will continue. If our senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury is amended in the future to reduce its support for our debt securities issued after such amendment, it could materially increase our borrowing costs or materially adversely affect our access to the debt capital markets. 
 Future changes or disruptions in the financial markets could significantly change the amount, mix and cost of funds we obtain, as well as our liquidity position. If we are unable to issue a sufficient amount of short- and long-term debt securities at attractive rates, it could interfere with the operation of our business and have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations, financial condition and net worth. 
 Our liquidity contingency plans may be difficult or impossible to execute during a sustained market liquidity crisis. If the financial markets experience substantial volatility in the future similar to or more intensely than in 2020, it could significantly adversely affect the amount, mix and cost of funds we obtain, as well as our liquidity position. If we cannot access the unsecured debt markets, our ability to repay maturing indebtedness and fund our operations could be significantly impaired. In this event, our alternative source of liquidity, our other investments portfolio, may not be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs. In addition, as noted in a risk factor below in Market and Industry Risk, in January 2023, the outstanding debt of the United States reached the statutory debt limit and Treasury has been taking extraordinary measures to prevent the United States from defaulting on its obligations. If the United States government were to default on its obligations, or if the market anticipates such a default is likely, it could materially adversely affect the value of our other investments portfolio, as a large portion of this portfolio consists of U.S. Treasury securities. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 51 

Risk Factors | Liquidity and Funding Risk 

 A decrease in the credit ratings on our senior unsecured debt could have an adverse effect on our ability to issue debt on reasonable terms, particularly if such a decrease were not based on a similar action on the credit ratings of the U.S. government. A decrease in our credit ratings also could require that we post additional collateral for our derivatives contracts. 
 A reduction in our credit ratings could materially adversely affect our liquidity, our ability to conduct our normal business operations, our financial condition and our results of operations. Credit ratings on our senior unsecured debt, as well as the credit ratings of the U.S. government, are primary factors that could affect our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets. Credit ratings on our debt are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating agencies. Actions by governmental entities impacting the support our business or our debt securities receive from Treasury could adversely affect the credit ratings on our senior unsecured debt. If our senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury is amended to reduce its support for our debt securities issued after such amendment, it could result in a downgrade in the credit ratings on our senior unsecured debt. 
 Because we rely on the U.S. government for capital support, in recent years, when a rating agency has taken an action relating to the U.S. government s credit rating, they have taken a similar action relating to our ratings at approximately the same time. Standard Poor s Global Ratings S P ), Moody s Investors Service Moody s and Fitch Ratings Limited Fitch have all indicated that they would likely lower their ratings on the debt of Fannie Mae and certain other government-related entities if they were to lower their ratings on the U.S. government. As a result, if a future government shutdown, a default by the United States government on its obligations, or other event results in downgrades of the government s credit rating, our credit ratings may be similarly downgraded. As noted in a risk factor below in Market and Industry Risk, in January 2023, the outstanding debt of the United States reached the statutory debt limit and Treasury has been taking extraordinary measures to prevent the United States from defaulting on its obligations. We currently cannot predict the potential impact of a credit ratings downgrade on demand for our securities or on our business. 
 A reduction in our credit ratings also could cause derivatives clearing organizations or their members to demand that we post additional collateral for our derivative contracts. Our credit ratings and ratings outlook are included in MD A Liquidity and Capital Management Liquidity Management Credit Ratings. 
 
 Market and Industry Risk 
 Changes in interest rates or our loss of the ability to manage interest-rate risk successfully could adversely affect our financial results and condition, and increase our interest-rate risk. 
 We are subject to interest-rate risk, which is the risk that movements in interest rates will adversely affect the value of our assets or liabilities or our future earnings or capital. Our exposure to interest-rate risk primarily arises from two sources: (1) our net portfolio, which we define as: our retained mortgage portfolio assets, our other investments portfolio, outstanding debt of Fannie Mae used to fund the retained mortgage portfolio assets and other investments portfolio, mortgage commitments and risk management derivatives; and (2) our consolidated MBS trusts. We describe these risks in more detail in MD A Risk Management Market Risk Management, including Interest-Rate Risk Management. Changes in interest rates affect both the value of our mortgage and other assets and prepayment rates on our mortgage loans, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and condition, as well as our liquidity. 
 Our ability to manage interest-rate risk depends on our ability to issue debt instruments with a range of maturities and other features, including call provisions, at attractive rates and to engage in derivatives transactions. We must exercise judgment in selecting the amount, type and mix of debt and derivative instruments that will most effectively manage our interest-rate risk. The amount, type and mix of financial instruments that are available to us may not offset possible future changes in the spread between our borrowing costs and the interest we earn on our mortgage assets. We mark to market changes in the estimated fair value of our derivatives through our earnings on a quarterly basis, but we do not similarly mark to market changes in some of the financial instruments that generate our interest-rate risk exposures. As a result, changes in interest rates, particularly significant changes, can have an adverse effect on our earnings and net worth, depending on the nature of the changes and the derivatives and short-term investments we hold at that time. 
 We have experienced significant fair value losses in some periods due to changes in interest rates. Our hedge accounting program is specifically designed to address the volatility of our financial results associated with changes in fair value related to changes in the benchmark interest rates. As such, earnings variability driven by other factors, such as spreads or changes in cost basis amortization recognized in net interest income, remains. We describe how changes in amortization affect net interest income in MD A Consolidated Results of Operations Net Interest Income. In addition, our ability to effectively reduce earnings volatility is dependent on having the right mix and volume of interest-rate swaps available. As our portfolio of interest-rate swaps varies over time, our ability to reduce earnings volatility through hedge accounting may vary as well. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 52 

Risk Factors | Market and Industry Risk 

 Changes in interest rates also can affect our credit losses. Interest rates increased significantly during 2022 and may increase further. When interest rates increase, our credit losses from loans with adjustable payment terms may increase as borrower payments increase at their reset dates, which increases the borrower s risk of default. Rising interest rates may also reduce the opportunity for these borrowers to refinance into a fixed-rate loan. Similarly, many borrowers may have additional debt obligations, such as home equity lines of credit and second liens, that also have adjustable payment terms. If a borrower s payment on his or her other debt obligations increases due to rising interest rates or a change in amortization, it increases the risk that the borrower may default on a loan we own or guarantee. Rising interest rates also typically reduce expected future loan prepayments, which tends to lengthen the expected life of our loans and therefore generally increases the probability of default on the loans and therefore our loss reserves. 
 Increases in interest rates may also reduce the ability of multifamily borrowers to refinance their loans, which often have balloon balances at maturity. In addition, in a rising interest rate environment, multifamily borrowers with adjustable-rate mortgages may have difficulty paying higher monthly payments if property operating income is not increasing at a similar pace. While we generally require multifamily borrowers with adjustable-rate mortgages to purchase an interest rate cap to protect against large movements in interest rates, purchasing or replacing these required interest rate caps, especially those with longer terms and/or lower strike rates, becomes more expensive as interest rates rise. As a result, the cost of interest rate caps has increased substantially in recent months. 
 Changes in interest rates also typically affect our business volume. A higher interest rate environment generally results in lower business volumes, as fewer loans may benefit from refinancing. Higher interest rates also generally result in lower housing sales activity, as the higher cost of borrowing reduces affordability, driving lower purchase mortgage volumes. 
 Changes in spreads could materially impact our results of operations, net worth and the fair value of our net assets. 
 Spread risk is the risk from changes in an instrument s value that relate to factors other than changes in interest rates. We can experience losses from changes in the spreads between our mortgage assets, including mortgage purchase and sale commitments, and the debt and derivatives we use to hedge our position. Changes in market conditions, including changes in interest rates, liquidity, prepayment and default expectations, and the level of uncertainty in the market for a particular asset class may cause fluctuations in spreads. Changes in mortgage spreads have contributed to significant volatility in our financial results in certain periods, due to fluctuations in the estimated fair value of the financial instruments that we mark to market through our earnings, and this could occur again in a future period. Changes in mortgage spreads could cause significant fair value losses, and could adversely affect our near-term financial results and net worth. We do not actively manage or hedge our spread risk after we purchase mortgage assets, other than through asset monitoring and disposition. 
 Uncertainty relating to the discontinuance of LIBOR may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and net worth. 
 ICE Benchmark Administration, the administrator of LIBOR, ceased publication of one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR after December 2021, and has stated its intention to cease publication of overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month and one-year U.S. dollar LIBOR tenors after June 2023. We have exposure to one-month, three-month, six-month and one-year LIBOR, including in financial instruments that mature after June 2023 . 
 While many of our LIBOR-indexed financial instruments allow us to take discretionary action to select an alternative reference rate if LIBOR is discontinued, our use of an alternative reference rate may be subject to legal challenges. As described in Business Legislation and Regulation Industry and General Matters Transition from LIBOR and Alternative Reference Rates, in March 2022, the LIBOR Act was signed into law. The LIBOR Act establishes a safe harbor for market participants that act in accordance with such legislation, shielding them from litigation for selecting and implementing the Federal Reserve-identified replacement rate and related conforming changes. While the LIBOR Act has reduced the risks to us associated with the approaching cessation of LIBOR, we believe there is still the potential for disputes and litigation with counterparties, investors, and borrowers in connection with our selection and implementation of alternative reference rates. Divergent industry or market participant actions could result after LIBOR is no longer available, representative, or viable. It is uncertain what effect any divergent industry practices will have on the performance of financial instruments, including those that we own, have issued or will issue. Alternative reference rates that replace LIBOR may not yield the same or similar economic results over the lives of the financial instruments, which could adversely affect the value of and return on these instruments. 
 These developments could have a material impact on us, adjustable-rate mortgage borrowers, investors, and our lenders and counterparties. This could result in losses, reputational damage, litigation or costs, or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 53 

Risk Factors | Market and Industry Risk 

 Our business and financial results are affected by general economic conditions, including home prices and employment trends, and changes in economic conditions or financial markets may materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 In general, a prolonged period of slow growth in the U.S. economy or any deterioration in general economic conditions or financial markets could materially adversely affect our results of operations, net worth and financial condition. Our business is significantly affected by the status of the U.S. economy, including home prices and employment trends, as well as economic output levels, interest rates and inflation rates. For example, see a risk factor above in Credit Risk for a discussion of how home price declines, an economic recession and higher unemployment can negatively affect the performance of loans in our guaranty book of business and result in higher provisions for credit losses and write-offs. Deterioration in economic conditions also typically results in reduced housing market activity, which reduces our business volume. A reduction in our business volume can reduce our net interest income and adversely affect our financial results. As described in MD A Key Market Economic Indicators, we currently expect that a modest recession is likely to occur beginning in the first half of 2023, resulting in an increase in the unemployment rate. In addition, home prices declined on a national basis in the second half of 2022, and we expect they will decline further. 
 Global economic conditions can also adversely affect our business and financial results. Changes or volatility in market conditions resulting from deterioration in or uncertainty regarding global economic conditions can adversely affect the value of our assets, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, net worth and financial condition. To the extent global economic conditions negatively affect the U.S. economy, they also could negatively affect the credit performance of the loans in our book of business. 
 Volatility or uncertainty in global or domestic political conditions also can significantly affect economic conditions and financial markets. Global or domestic political unrest also could affect growth and financial markets. For example, the Russian war in Ukraine and related economic sanctions imposed on Russia, as well as any further actions by Russia, the United States or others relating to this conflict, may further impact the global economy and financial markets, which could further increase inflationary pressure and interest rates, as well as negatively affect economic growth and result in disruptions in the financial markets. 
 In January 2023, the outstanding debt of the United States reached the statutory debt limit and, since that time, Treasury has been taking extraordinary measures to prevent the United States from defaulting on its obligations. In January 2023, the Treasury Secretary notified Congress that, while Treasury is not currently able to provide an estimate of how long extraordinary measures will enable it to continue to pay the government s obligations, it is unlikely that cash and extraordinary measures will be exhausted before early June 2023. If Congress does not increase or suspend the debt limit before the government s cash and extraordinary measures are exhausted, it could cause significant harm to the U.S. economy and global financial stability. 
 We describe above the risks to our business posed by changes in interest rates and changes in spreads. In addition, future changes or disruptions in financial markets could significantly change the amount, mix and cost of funds we obtain, as well as our liquidity position. 
 Actions by the Federal Reserve can materially affect our business and financial condition, including our business volumes and demand for our mortgage-backed securities. 
 Our business is significantly affected by shifts in fiscal and monetary policies, particularly actions taken by the Federal Reserve. In recent years, the Federal Reserve has purchased a significant amount of mortgage-backed securities issued by us, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae. The Federal Reserve began to taper these purchases in November 2021 and concluded its asset purchase program in March 2022. In June 2022, the Federal Reserve began the process of reducing its holdings of agency mortgage-backed securities by reinvesting principal payments from agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities into agency mortgage-backed securities only to the extent those payments exceed monthly caps; the cap was initially set at 17.5 billion per month beginning on June 1, 2022, and increased to 35 billion per month in September 2022. We believe the Federal Reserve s reduction in its purchases of agency mortgage-backed securities has reduced demand for our mortgage-backed securities. At the time of this filing, the Federal Reserve has not announced any plans to begin selling the mortgage-backed securities in its portfolio. If the Federal Reserve announces such a plan or changes its announced strategy to reduce its MBS holdings, it could further reduce demand for our mortgage-backed securities, which could adversely affect our results of operations, net worth and financial condition. 
 In addition, the Federal Reserve has raised the target range for the federal funds rate several times over the past year to address inflation, and in February 2023 stated that it anticipates that ongoing increases in the target range will be appropriate. The strength in inflation also contributed to the sharp rise in mortgage rates in 2022, and mortgage rates may rise further in 2023. The increase in mortgage interest rates has already led to a slowdown in housing demand and a reduction in our business volume. Due to higher interest rates and increases in mortgage spreads, we have been issuing MBS with higher coupon yields in recent periods compared with 2021. While the demand for and liquidity of our 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 54 

Risk Factors | Market and Industry Risk 

 higher coupon MBS has improved in recent months, the demand for and liquidity of some of our higher MBS coupon yields remains lower than typical demand and liquidity for our MBS. Further interest rate increases or higher levels of interest rate volatility could reduce our business volume and the demand for and the liquidity of our MBS, which could adversely affect our results of operations, net worth and financial condition. Further interest rate increases also could result in greater home price declines or declines in multifamily property values, which also could adversely affect our results of operations, net worth and financial condition. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risk 
 Regulatory changes in the financial services industry may negatively impact our business. 
 Changes in the regulation of the financial services industry are affecting and are expected to continue to affect many aspects of our business. Changes to financial regulations could affect our business directly or indirectly if they affect our lenders and counterparties. Examples of regulatory changes that have affected us or may affect us in the future include the Dodd-Frank Act risk retention and single-counterparty credit limit requirements. 
 Additional changes in regulations applicable to U.S. banks could affect the volume and characteristics of mortgage loans available in the market and could also affect demand for our debt securities and MBS, as U.S. banks purchase a large amount of our debt securities and MBS. New or revised liquidity or capital requirements applicable to U.S. banks could materially affect banks willingness to deliver loans to us and demand by those banks for our debt securities and MBS. Developments in connection with the single-counterparty credit limit regulations, including those taken in anticipation of our eventual exit from conservatorship, could also cause our lenders and investors to change their business practices. 
 The actions of Treasury, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the CFPB, the SEC, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve and international central banking authorities directly or indirectly impact financial institutions cost of funds for lending, capital-raising and investment activities, which could increase our borrowing costs or make borrowing more difficult for us. Changes in monetary policy are beyond our control and can be difficult to anticipate. 
 Overall, these legislative and regulatory changes could affect us in substantial and unforeseeable ways and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and net worth. 
 Legislative, regulatory or judicial actions could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition or net worth. 
 Legislative, regulatory or judicial actions at the federal, state or local level could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity or net worth. Legislative, regulatory or judicial actions could affect us in a number of ways, including by imposing significant additional costs on us and diverting management attention or other resources from other matters. We could also be affected by: 
 Further actions taken by the U.S. Congress, Treasury, the Federal Reserve, FHFA or other national, state or local government agencies or legislatures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic or other emergencies, such as expanding or extending our obligations to help borrowers, renters or counterparties. 
 Legislative or regulatory changes that expand our, or our servicers , responsibility and liability for securing, maintaining or otherwise overseeing properties prior to foreclosure, which could increase our costs. 
 Court decisions concluding that we or our affiliates are governmental actors, which could impose additional burdens and requirements on us. 
 Designation as a systemically important financial institution by the Financial Stability Oversight Council (the FSOC ). We have not been designated as a systemically important financial institution; however, the FSOC announced in 2020 that it will continue to monitor the secondary mortgage market activities of the GSEs to ensure potential risks to financial stability are adequately addressed. Designation as a systemically important financial institution would result in our becoming subject to additional regulation and oversight by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 Other agencies of the U.S. government or Congress asking us to take actions to support the housing and mortgage markets or in support of other goals. For example, in December 2011, Congress enacted the TCCA under which we increased our guaranty fee on all single-family mortgages delivered to us by 10 basis points. The revenue generated by this fee increase is paid to Treasury. In November 2021, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act was enacted, which extended to October 1, 2032 our obligation under the TCCA to collect 10 basis points in guaranty fees on single-family residential mortgages delivered to us and pay the associated revenue to Treasury. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 55 

Risk Factors | Legal and Regulatory Risk 

 Our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected by legal or regulatory proceedings. 
 We are a party to various claims and other legal proceedings. We are periodically involved in government investigations. We may be required to establish accruals and to make substantial payments in the event of adverse judgments or settlements of any such claims, investigations or proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and net worth. Any legal proceeding or governmental investigation, even if resolved in our favor, could result in negative publicity, reputational harm or cause us to incur significant legal and other expenses. In addition, responding to these matters could divert significant internal resources away from managing our business. 
 In addition, a number of lawsuits have been filed against the U.S. government relating to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement and the conservatorship. See Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies and Legal Proceedings for a description of these lawsuits. These lawsuits, and actions Treasury or FHFA may take in response to these lawsuits, could have a material impact on our business. 
 
 General Risk 
 The COVID-19 pandemic may continue to adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant adverse effect on the U.S. economy, particularly in the second quarter of 2020. Although certain economic conditions in the United States improved after the initial impact of the pandemic in 2020, the pandemic continues to evolve and risks to the U.S. and global economy from the COVID-19 pandemic remain that could negatively affect our business and financial results. If the pandemic s impact on the U.S. and global economy worsens, it could impact the ability of borrowers and renters to make their monthly payments, which could negatively affect our business and financial results. 
 Factors that may impact the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic affects our business, financial results and financial condition include: the prevalence and severity of future outbreaks; the actions taken to contain the virus, or treat its impact, including government actions to mitigate the economic impact of the pandemic; borrower and renter behavior in response to the pandemic and its economic impact; the short-term and long-term impact of COVID-19 infections on the U.S. workforce; and future economic and operating conditions, including the economic impact of outbreaks or increases in the number or severity of COVID-19 cases. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in these risk factors. 
 Changes in accounting standards and policies can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial results. 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. From time to time, the FASB or the SEC changes the financial accounting and reporting standards or the policies that govern the preparation of our financial statements. In addition, FHFA provides guidance that affects our adoption or implementation of financial accounting or reporting standards. These changes can be difficult to predict and expensive to implement, and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We could be required to apply new or revised guidance retrospectively, which may result in the revision of prior-period financial statements by material amounts. The implementation of new or revised accounting guidance could have a material adverse effect on our financial results or net worth. 
 In many cases, our accounting policies and methods, which are fundamental to how we report our financial condition and results of operations, require management to make judgments and estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. Management also relies on models in making these estimates. 
 Our management must exercise judgment in applying many of our accounting policies and methods so that they comply with GAAP and reflect management s judgment of the most appropriate manner to report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, management must select the appropriate accounting policy or method from two or more acceptable alternatives, any of which might be reasonable under the circumstances but might affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses that we report. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for a description of our significant accounting policies. 
 We have identified one of our accounting estimates, allowance for loan losses, as critical to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations, as described in MD A Critical Accounting Estimates. We believe this estimate is critical because it involves significant judgments and assumptions about highly complex and inherently uncertain matters, and the use of reasonably different judgments and assumptions could have a material impact on our reported results of operations or financial condition. 
 Because our financial statements involve estimates for amounts that are very large, even a small change in the estimate can have a significant impact for the reporting period. For example, because our allowance for loan losses is so large, 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 56 

Risk Factors | General Risk 

 even a change that has a small impact relative to the size of this allowance can have a meaningful impact on our results for the quarter in which we make the change. 
 Many of our accounting methods involve substantial use of models, which are inherently imperfect predictors of actual results because they are based on assumptions, including about future events. For example, we use models to determine expected lifetime losses on loans and other financial instruments subject to Accounting Standards Update 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments and related amendments (referred to as the CECL standard ). Our actual results could differ significantly from those generated by our models. As a result, the estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements, as well as our estimates of our future results of operations, may be inaccurate, perhaps significantly. For more discussion of the risks associated with our use of models, see a risk factor in Operational Risk above. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 There are no physical properties that are material to us. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 This item describes our material legal proceedings. We describe additional material legal proceedings in Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies, which is incorporated herein by reference. In addition to the matters specifically described or incorporated by reference in this item, we are involved in legal and regulatory proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business that we do not expect will have a material impact on our business or financial condition. However, litigation claims and proceedings of all types are subject to many factors and their outcome and effect on our business and financial condition generally cannot be predicted accurately. 
 We establish an accrual for legal claims only when a loss is probable and we can reasonably estimate the amount of such loss. The actual costs of resolving legal claims may be substantially higher or lower than the amounts accrued for those claims. If certain of these matters are determined against us, FHFA or Treasury, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, including our net worth. 
 Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreements Litigation 
 Since June 2013, preferred and common stockholders of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac filed lawsuits in multiple federal courts against one or more of the United States, Treasury and FHFA, challenging actions taken by the defendants relating to the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac senior preferred stock purchase agreements and the conservatorships of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Some of these lawsuits also contain claims against Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The legal claims being advanced by one or more of these lawsuits include challenges to the net worth sweep dividend provisions of the senior preferred stock that were implemented pursuant to August 2012 amendments to the agreements, the payment of dividends to Treasury under the net worth sweep dividend provisions, and FHFA s decision to require Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to draw funds from Treasury to pay dividends to Treasury prior to the August 2012 amendments. The plaintiffs seek various forms of equitable and injunctive relief as well as damages. The cases that remain pending or were terminated after September 30, 2022 are as follows: 
 District of Columbia (In re Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement Class Action Litigations and Fairholme Funds v. FHFA ). Fannie Mae is a defendant in two cases in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, including a consolidated class action. The cases were consolidated for trial and a trial was conducted from October 17, 2022 to November 1, 2022. The jury was not able to reach a verdict and the judge declared a mistrial on November 7, 2022. A new trial is scheduled to begin on July 24, 2023. See Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies for additional information. 
 Southern District of Texas (Collins, et al. v. Yellen, et al.). On October 20, 2016, preferred and common stockholders filed a complaint against FHFA and Treasury in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas. On May 22, 2017, the court dismissed the case. On September 6, 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, sitting en banc, affirmed the district court s dismissal of claims against Treasury, but reversed the dismissal of claims against FHFA. 
 On June 23, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court held that FHFA did not exceed its statutory powers as conservator when it agreed to the net worth sweep dividend provisions of the third amendment to the senior preferred stock purchase agreements in August 2012. The court also held that the provision of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 57 

Legal Proceedings 

 that restricts the President s power to remove the FHFA Director without cause violates the Constitution s separation of powers and, thus, the FHFA Director may be removed by the President for any reason. The court rejected plaintiffs request to rescind the third amendment to the senior preferred stock purchase agreements. However, the Supreme Court remanded the case to the Fifth Circuit for further proceedings on the sole issue of whether the stockholders suffered compensable harm related to the constitutional claim during the limited time-period when a Senate-confirmed FHFA Director was in office. On March 4, 2022, the Fifth Circuit remanded the case to the district court for further proceedings on the compensable harm issue. On June 3, 2022, the stockholders filed an amended complaint and on July 18, 2022, FHFA and Treasury moved to dismiss that complaint. On November 21, 2022, the district court dismissed the case and on December 5, 2022, plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal. 
 Western District of Michigan (Rop et al. v. FHFA et al.) . On June 1, 2017, preferred and common stockholders of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac filed a complaint for declaratory and injunctive relief against FHFA and Treasury in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Michigan. FHFA and Treasury moved to dismiss the case on September 8, 2017, and plaintiffs filed a motion for summary judgment on October 6, 2017. On September 8, 2020, the court denied plaintiffs motion for summary judgment and granted defendants motion to dismiss. On October 4, 2022, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit reversed the dismissal and remanded the case to the district court to determine whether the stockholders suffered compensable harm. On February 2, 2023, plaintiffs filed a petition with the Supreme Court seeking review of the Sixth Circuit s decision. 
 District of Minnesota (Bhatti et al. v. FHFA et al.) . On June 22, 2017, preferred and common stockholders of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac filed a complaint for declaratory and injunctive relief against FHFA and Treasury in the U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota. The court dismissed the case on July 6, 2018. On October 6, 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit affirmed in part and reversed in part the district court s ruling and remanded the case to the district court to determine whether the stockholders suffered compensable harm. On January 26, 2022, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint. On March 11, 2022 and March 14, 2022, Treasury and FHFA each filed motions to dismiss the new complaint. On December 16, 2022, the district court dismissed the case and on January 9, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal. 
 Eastern District of Pennsylvania (Wazee Street Opportunities Fund IV L.P. et al. v. FHFA et al.) . On August 16, 2018, common stockholders of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac filed a complaint for declaratory and injunctive relief against FHFA and Treasury in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. FHFA and Treasury moved to dismiss the case on November 16, 2018, and plaintiffs filed a motion for summary judgment on December 21, 2018. This case is currently stayed. 
 U.S. Court of Federal Claims. Numerous cases were filed against the United States in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims, with four of those cases listing Fannie Mae as a nominal defendant: Fisher v. United States of America , filed on December 2, 2013; Rafter v. United States of America , filed on August 14, 2014; Perry Capital LLC v. United States of America , filed on August 15, 2018; and Fairholme Funds Inc. v. United States , which was originally filed on July 9, 2013, and amended to include Fannie Mae as a nominal defendant on October 2, 2018. Plaintiffs in these cases alleged that the net worth sweep dividend provisions of the senior preferred stock that were implemented pursuant to the August 2012 amendment constituted a taking of Fannie Mae s property without just compensation in violation of the U.S. Constitution; certain plaintiffs alleged other claims, including breach of contract and breach of fiduciary duty. The Fisher plaintiffs are pursuing only derivative claims on behalf of Fannie Mae, while the plaintiffs in Rafter , Perry Capital and Fairholme Funds alleged direct claims against the United States, in addition to derivative claims on behalf of Fannie Mae. The United States filed a motion to dismiss the Fisher , Rafter and Fairholme Funds cases, as well as other cases that did not list Fannie Mae as a nominal defendant, on August 1, 2018. On December 6, 2019, the court entered an order in the Fairholme Funds case that granted the government s motion to dismiss all the direct claims but denied the motion as to the derivative claims brought on behalf of Fannie Mae. In the Fisher case, the court denied the government s motion to dismiss on May 8, 2020 and, on August 21, 2020, the Federal Circuit denied the Fisher plaintiffs request for interlocutory appeal. The plaintiffs in Fairholme Funds and other cases affected by the court s December 6, 2019 decision appealed that decision to the Federal Circuit. On February 22, 2022, the Federal Circuit affirmed the dismissal of the plaintiffs direct claims but reversed the U.S. Court of Federal Claims ruling on plaintiffs derivative claims, holding that those claims should also be dismissed. On July 22, 2022, the plaintiffs in Fairholme Funds and in other cases that did not list Fannie Mae as a nominal defendant filed petitions with the Supreme Court seeking review of the Federal Circuit s decision. On January 9, 2023, the Supreme Court denied these petitions. The Perry Capital case was dismissed on January 30, 2023 and the Fairholme Funds case was dismissed on February 1, 2023. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 58 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Common Stock 
 Our common stock is traded in the over-the-counter market and quoted on the OTCQB, operated by OTC Markets Group Inc., under the ticker symbol FNMA. Over-the-counter market quotations for our common stock reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A., and its address is P.O. Box 43006, Providence, RI 02940-3006 or, for overnight correspondence, 150 Royall St., Suite 101, Canton, MA 02021. 
 Holders 
 As of February 1, 2023, we had approximately 8,000 registered holders of record of our common stock. In addition, as of February 1, 2023, Treasury held a warrant giving it the right to purchase shares of our common stock equal to 79.9 of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis on the date of exercise. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding options, warrants or rights under any equity compensation plan. Although we have a legacy equity compensation plan that was previously approved by shareholders, our 1985 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, we do not anticipate issuing additional shares under that plan. Moreover, we are prohibited from issuing any stock or other equity securities as compensation without the approval of FHFA and the prior written consent of Treasury under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, except under limited circumstances. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 Under the terms of our senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury, we are prohibited from selling or issuing our equity interests, without the prior written consent of Treasury except under limited circumstances described in Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Treasury Agreements Covenants under Treasury Agreements. 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we did not sell any equity securities. 
 Information about Certain Securities Issuances by Fannie Mae 
 Pursuant to SEC regulations, public companies are required to disclose certain information when they incur a material direct financial obligation or become directly or contingently liable for a material obligation under an off-balance sheet arrangement. The disclosure must be made in a current report on Form 8-K under Item 2.03 or, if the obligation is incurred in connection with certain types of securities offerings, in prospectuses for that offering that are filed with the SEC. 
 Because the securities we issue are exempted securities under the Securities Act of 1933, we do not file registration statements or prospectuses with the SEC with respect to our securities offerings. To comply with the disclosure requirements of Form 8-K relating to the incurrence of material financial obligations, in accordance with a no-action letter we received from the SEC staff in 2004, we report our incurrence of these types of obligations in offering circulars or prospectuses (or supplements thereto) that we post on our website within the same time period that a prospectus for a non-exempt securities offering would be required to be filed with the SEC. To the extent we incur a material financial obligation that is not disclosed in this manner, we would file a Form 8-K if required to do so under applicable Form 8-K requirements. 
 The website address for disclosure about our debt securities is www.fanniemae.com/debtsearch. From this address, investors can access the offering circular and related supplements for debt securities offerings under Fannie Mae s universal debt facility, including pricing supplements for individual issuances of debt securities. 
 Disclosure about our obligations pursuant to the MBS we issue, some of which may be off-balance sheet obligations, can be found at www.fanniemae.com/mbsdisclosure. From this address, investors can access information and documents about our MBS, including prospectuses and related prospectus supplements. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 59 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 We are providing our website address solely for your information. Information appearing on our website is not incorporated into this report. 
 Our Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 60 

MD A | Key Market Economic Indicators 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read this MD A together with our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and the accompanying notes. This MD A does not discuss 2020 performance or a comparison of 2020 versus 2021 performance for select areas where we have determined the omitted information is not necessary to understand our current-period financial condition, changes in our financial condition, or our results. The omitted information may be found in our 2021 Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 15, 2022, in MD A sections titled Consolidated Results of Operations, Single-Family Business, Multifamily Business, and Liquidity and Capital Management. 
 
 Key Market Economic Indicators 
 
 Below we discuss how varying macroeconomic conditions can influence our financial results across different business and economic environments. Our forecasts and expectations are based on many assumptions, subject to many uncertainties and may change, perhaps substantially, from our current forecasts and expectations. See Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current forecasts and expectations. For further discussion on housing activity, see Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Market and Multifamily Business Multifamily Mortgage Market. 
 Selected Benchmark Interest Rates 
 
 (1) Refers to the U.S. weekly average fixed-rate mortgage rate according to Freddie Mac's Primary Mortgage Market Survey . These rates are reported using the latest available data for a given period. 
 (2) According to Bloomberg. 
 (3) Refers to the daily rate per the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 How Interest Rates Can Affect Our Financial Results 
 Net interest income . In a rising interest-rate environment, our mortgage loans tend to prepay more slowly as borrowers are less likely to refinance. We amortize various cost basis adjustments over the life of the mortgage loan, including those relating to loan-level price adjustments we receive as upfront fees at the time we acquire single-family loans. As a result, any prepayment of a loan results in an accelerated realization of those upfront fees as income. Therefore, as loan prepayments slow, the accelerated realization of amortization income also 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 61 

MD A | Key Market Economic Indicators 

 slows. Conversely, in a declining interest-rate environment, our mortgage loans tend to prepay faster as borrowers are more likely to refinance, typically resulting in the opposite trend of higher amortization income from cost basis adjustments on mortgage loans. Interest rates also affect the amount of interest income we earn on our assets. Our other investments portfolio and certain mortgage related assets typically earn more interest income in a higher interest-rate environment and less interest income in a lower interest-rate environment. See Consolidated Results of Operations Net Interest Income for a discussion of how interest rate changes impacted our financial results. 
 Fair value gains (loss es . We have exposure to fair value gains and losses resulting from changes in interest rates, primarily through our mortgage commitment derivatives and risk management derivatives, which we mark to market through earnings. Fair value gains and losses on our mortgage commitment derivatives fluctuate depending on how interest rates and prices move between the time a commitment is opened and when it settles. The net position and composition across the yield curve of our risk management derivatives changes over time. As a result, interest rate changes (increases or decreases) and yield curve changes (parallel, steepening or flattening shifts) will generate varying amounts of fair value gains or losses in a given period. 
 Benefit (provision) for credit losses. Increases in mortgage interest rates tend to lengthen the expected lives of our loans, as our borrowers are less likely to refinance, which generally increases the expected impairment and provision for credit losses on loans, particularly those modified in troubled debt restructuring TDR arrangements. Decreases in mortgage interest rates tend to shorten the expected lives of our loans as borrowers are more likely to refinance, which generally reduces the impairment and provision for credit losses on such loans. See Consolidated Results of Operations Benefit (Provision) for Credit Losses and Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information on our adoption of Accounting Standards Update ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures ASU 2022-02 effective January 1, 2022, which resulted in the prospective discontinuation of TDR accounting, and its impact on our financial results. 
 Single-Family Annual Home Price Growth Rate (1) 
 
 (1) Calculated internally using property data on loans purchased by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and other third-party home sales data. Fannie Mae s home price index is a weighted repeat transactions index, measuring average price changes in repeat sales on the same properties. Fannie Mae s home price index excludes prices on properties sold in foreclosure. Fannie Mae s home price estimates are based on non-seasonally adjusted preliminary data and are subject to change as additional data becomes available. 
 How Home Prices Can Affect Our Financial Results 
 Actual and forecasted home prices impact our provision or benefit for credit losses as well as the growth and size of our guaranty book of business. 
 Changes in home prices affect the amount of equity that borrowers have in their homes. Borrowers with less equity typically have higher delinquency and default rates, particularly in times of economic stress. 
 As home prices increase, the severity of losses we incur on defaulted loans that we hold or guarantee decreases because the amount we can recover from the properties securing the loans increases. Declines in home prices increase the losses we incur on defaulted loans. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 62 

MD A | Key Market Economic Indicators 

 As home prices rise, the principal balance of loans associated with newly acquired purchase money mortgages may increase, causing growth in the size of our guaranty book. Additionally, rising home prices can increase the amount of equity borrowers have in their home, which may lead to an increase in origination volumes for cash-out refinance loans with higher principal balances than the existing loan. Replacing existing loans with newly acquired cash-out refinances can affect the growth and size of our guaranty book. 
 Home price growth on a national basis decreased from 18.6 in 2021 to 9.2 in 2022. Annual home price growth in 2022 reflected home price increases in the first half of 2022, partially offset by home price declines of 1.4 in the second half of 2022. Home price declines in the second half of 2022 were primarily driven by elevated mortgage interest rates and affordability constraints. We expect these trends to continue and result in estimated home price declines of 4.2 in 2023. We also expect regional variation in the timing and rate of home price changes. 
 New Housing Starts (1) 
 
 (1) According to U.S. Census Bureau and subject to revision. 
 How Housing Activity Can Affect Our Financial Results 
 Housing is among the most interest-rate-sensitive sectors of the economy. In addition to interest rates, two key aspects of economic activity that can impact supply and demand for housing, and thus our business and financial results, are the rates of household formation and housing construction. 
 Household formation is a key driver of demand for both single-family and multifamily housing as a newly formed household will either rent or purchase a home. Thus, changes in the pace of household formation can affect home prices, multifamily property values and credit performance as well as the degree of loss on defaulted loans. 
 Growth of household formation stimulates homebuilding. Homebuilding has typically been a cyclical leader, weakening prior to a slowdown in U.S. economic activity and accelerating prior to a recovery, which contributes to the growth of GDP and employment. 
 A decline in housing starts results in fewer new homes being available for purchase and potentially a lower volume of mortgage originations. Construction activity can also affect credit losses through its impact on home prices. If the growth of demand exceeds the growth of supply, prices will appreciate and impact the risk profile of newly originated home purchase mortgages, depending on where in the housing cycle the market is. A reduced pace of construction is often associated with a broader economic slowdown and may signal expected increases in delinquency and losses on defaulted loans. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 63 

MD A | Key Market Economic Indicators 

 Single-family housing starts fell in 2022 in response to anticipated decreases in demand. In 2023, we expect home sales and single-family and multifamily housing starts to decline compared with 2022 due to elevated mortgage rates, continued low home affordability, and an expected modest recession. 
 GDP, Unemployment Rate and Personal Consumption 
 
 (1) Real GDP growth (decline) and personal consumption growth (decline) are based on the quarterly series calculated by the Bureau of Economic Analysis and are subject to revision. 
 (2) According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics and subject to revision. 
 How GDP, the Unemployment Rate and Personal Consumption Can Affect Our Financial Results 
 Changes in GDP, the unemployment rate and personal consumption can affect several mortgage market factors, including the demand for both single-family and multifamily housing and the level of loan delinquencies, which impacts credit losses. 
 Economic growth is a key factor for the performance of mortgage-related assets. In a growing economy, employment and income are typically rising, thus allowing borrowers to meet payment requirements, existing homeowners to consider purchasing and moving to another home, and renters to consider becoming homeowners. Homebuilding typically increases to meet the rise in demand. Mortgage delinquencies typically fall in an expanding economy, thereby decreasing credit losses. 
 In a slowing economy, income growth and housing activity typically slow as an early indicator of reduced economic activity, followed by slowing employment. Typically, as an economic slowdown intensifies, households reduce their spending. This reduction in consumption then accelerates the slowdown. An economic slowdown can lead to employment losses, impairing the ability of borrowers and renters to meet mortgage and rental payments, thus causing loan delinquencies to rise. Home sales and mortgage originations also typically fall in a slowing economy. 
 While GDP grew in 2022, we expect that a modest recession is likely to occur beginning in the first half of 2023, resulting in an increase in the unemployment rate. We expect our economic outlook will be influenced by a number of factors that are subject to change, such as the persistence of inflationary pressures, the speed at which expected monetary policy tightening is adjusted and the risk of international financial market disruptions. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 64 

MD A | Key Market Economic Indicators 

 See Risk Factors Credit Risk and Risk Factors Market and Industry Risk for further discussion of risks to our business and financial results associated with interest rates, home prices, housing activity and economic conditions. 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 This section discusses our consolidated results of operations and should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. 
 
 Summary of Consolidated Results of Operations For the Year Ended December 31, Variance 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (Dollars in millions) Net interest income (1) 
 29,423 29,587 24,866 (164) 4,721 Fee and other income 312 361 462 (49) (101) Net revenues 29,735 29,948 25,328 (213) 4,620 Investment gains (losses), net (297) 1,352 907 (1,649) 445 Fair value gains (losses), net (1) 
 1,284 155 (2,501) 1,129 2,656 Administrative expenses (3,329) (3,065) (3,068) (264) 3 Benefit (provision) for credit losses (6,277) 5,130 (678) (11,407) 5,808 TCCA fees (3,369) (3,071) (2,673) (298) (398) Credit enhancement expense (2) 
 (1,323) (1,051) (1,361) (272) 310 Change in expected credit enhancement recoveries (3) 
 727 (194) 233 921 (427) Other expenses, net (4) 
 (918) (1,255) (1,308) 337 53 Income before federal income taxes 16,233 27,949 14,879 (11,716) 13,070 Provision for federal income taxes (3,310) (5,773) (3,074) 2,463 (2,699) Net income 12,923 22,176 11,805 (9,253) 10,371 Total comprehensive income 12,920 22,098 11,790 (9,178) 10,308 
 (1) In January 2021, we began applying fair value hedge accounting. For qualifying hedging relationships, fair value changes attributable to movements in the designated benchmark interest rates for hedged mortgage loans and funding debt and the fair value change of the designated portion of the paired interest-rate swaps are recognized in Net interest income. In 2020, all fair value changes for interest-rate swaps were recognized in Fair value gains (losses), net. See Fair Value Gains (Losses), Net and Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for more information about our hedge accounting program. 
 (2) Consists of costs associated with our freestanding credit enhancements, which primarily include our Connecticut Avenue Securities CAS and CIRT programs, enterprise-paid mortgage insurance EPMI and certain lender risk-sharing programs. 
 (3) Includes estimated changes in benefits, as well as any realized amounts, from our freestanding credit enhancements. 
 (4) Consists of debt extinguishment gains and losses, foreclosed property income (expense), gains and losses from partnership investments, housing trust fund expenses, loan subservicing costs, and servicer fees paid in connection with certain loss mitigation activities. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 Our primary source of net interest income is guaranty fees we receive for managing the credit risk on loans underlying Fannie Mae MBS held by third parties. 
 Guaranty fees consist of two primary components: 
 base guaranty fees that we receive over the life of the loan; and 
 upfront fees that we receive at the time of loan acquisition primarily related to single-family loan-level price adjustments and other fees we receive from lenders, which are amortized into net interest income as cost basis adjustments over the contractual life of the loan. We refer to this as amortization income. 
 We recognize almost all of our guaranty fee revenue in net interest income because we consolidate the substantial majority of loans underlying our Fannie Mae MBS in consolidated trusts in our consolidated balance sheets. Guaranty fees from these loans account for the difference between the interest income on loans in consolidated trusts and the interest expense on the debt of consolidated trusts. 
 The timing of when we recognize amortization income can vary based on a number of factors, the most significant of which is a change in mortgage interest rates. In a rising interest-rate environment, our mortgage loans tend to prepay more slowly, which typically results in lower amortization income. Conversely, in a declining interest-rate environment, our mortgage loans tend to prepay faster, typically resulting in higher amortization income. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 65 

MD A | Consolidated Results of Operations 

 We also recognize net interest income on the difference between interest income earned on the assets in our retained mortgage portfolio and our other investments portfolio (collectively, our portfolios and the interest expense associated with the debt that funds those assets. See Retained Mortgage Portfolio and Liquidity and Capital Management Liquidity Management Other Investments Portfolio for more information about our portfolios. 
 Since January 2021, we have recognized fair value changes attributable to movements in benchmark interest rates for mortgage loans and funding debt, and for related interest-rate swaps in hedging relationships, as a component of net interest income, including the amortization of hedge-related basis adjustments on mortgage loans or funding debt and any related interest accrual on the swaps. The net income or expense associated with this activity is presented in the Income (expense) from hedge accounting line item in the table below. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized 3.2 billion and 1.5 billion, respectively, in net fair value gains on our hedged loans and funding debt as cost basis adjustments, which substantially offset net fair value losses on designated interest-rate swaps. These cost basis adjustments on our hedged loans and funding debt will be amortized as net expenses over the remaining contractual life of the respective hedged items as a component of Net interest income. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 8, Derivative Instruments for more information about our hedge accounting program, as well as Fair Value Gains (Losses), Net below. 
 The table below displays the components of our net interest income from our guaranty book of business, which we discuss in Guaranty Book of Business, and from our portfolios, as well as from hedge accounting. 
 Components of Net Interest Income For the Year Ended December 31, 
 Variance 
 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (Dollars in millions) 
 Net interest income from guaranty book of business: Base guaranty fee income (1) 
 16,072 14,159 11,157 1,913 3,002 Base guaranty fee income related to TCCA (2) 
 3,369 3,071 2,673 298 398 Net amortization income (3) 
 7,099 11,243 9,121 (4,144) 2,122 Total net interest income from guaranty book of business 
 26,540 28,473 22,951 (1,933) 5,522 Net interest income from portfolios (4) 
 2,954 941 1,915 2,013 (974) Income (expense) from hedge accounting (5) 
 (71) 173 (244) 173 Total net interest income 29,423 29,587 24,866 (164) 4,721 Income (expense) from hedge accounting included in net interest income: Fair value gains (losses) on designated risk management derivatives in fair value hedges (5) 
 (2,536) (1,453) (1,083) (1,453) Fair value gains (losses) on hedged mortgage loans held for investment and debt of Fannie Mae (6) 
 3,188 1,510 1,678 1,510 Contractual interest income (expense) accruals related to interest-rate swaps designated as hedging instruments (5) 
 (227) 211 (438) 211 Discontinued hedge-related basis adjustment amortization (496) (95) (401) (95) Total income (expense) from hedge accounting in net interest income (71) 173 (244) 173 
 (1) Excludes revenues generated by the 10 basis point guaranty fee increase we implemented pursuant to the TCCA, the incremental revenue from which is remitted to Treasury and not retained by us. 
 (2) Represents revenues generated by the 10 basis point guaranty fee increase we implemented pursuant to the TCCA, the incremental revenue from which is remitted to Treasury and not retained by us. 
 (3) Net amortization income refers primarily to the amortization of premiums and discounts on mortgage loans and debt of consolidated trusts. These cost basis adjustments represent the difference between the initial fair value and the carrying value of these instruments as well as upfront fees we receive at the time of loan acquisition. It does not include the amortization of cost basis adjustments resulting from hedge accounting, which is included in income (expense) from hedge accounting. 
 (4) Includes interest income from assets held in our retained mortgage portfolio and our other investments portfolio, as well as other assets used to support lender liquidity. Also includes interest expense on our funding debt, including outstanding Connecticut Avenue Securities debt. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 66 

MD A | Consolidated Results of Operations 

 (5) Prior to the adoption of hedge accounting in 2021, the corresponding activity was included in Fair value gains (losses), net. Upon application of hedge accounting in January 2021, these items are presented in Net interest income. 
 (6) Amounts are recorded as cost basis adjustments on the hedged loans or debt and amortized over the hedged item s remaining contractual life beginning at the termination of the hedging relationship. 
 Net interest income remained relatively flat in 2022 compared with 2021. The primary offsetting drivers of net interest income were lower amortization income offset by higher income from portfolios and higher base guaranty fee income. More specifically, our net interest income was impacted in the periods by: 
 Lower net amortization income. Lower amortization income was driven by a higher interest rate environment in 2022, which slowed refinancing activity driving lower prepayment volumes compared with 2021. For a description of how fewer loan prepayments results in lower amortization income, refer to Key Market Economic Indicators How Interest Rates Can Affect Our Financial Results Net Interest Income. 
 Higher income from portfolios. Higher income from portfolios in 2022 compared with 2021 was primarily driven by higher yields on assets in our other investments portfolio as a result of increases in interest rates, as well as a decrease in interest expense on our long-term funding debt due to a decrease in the average outstanding balance compared with 2021. 
 Higher base guaranty fee income. An increase in the size of our guaranty book of business combined with higher average charged guaranty fees were the primary drivers of the increase in base guaranty fee income in 2022 compared with 2021. 
 Net interest income increased in 2021 compared with 2020, driven by higher base guaranty fee income and higher net amortization income, partially offset by lower income from portfolios. 
 Higher base guaranty fee income. An increase in the size of our single-family and multifamily guaranty book of business combined with higher average base guaranty fees on loans that now comprise a larger portion of our book contributed to the increases in base guaranty fee income in 2021 and 2020. 
 For single-family, higher base guaranty fee income was primarily due to the increase in the size of our guaranty book of business, driven by record home price appreciation in 2020 and 2021 having led to higher average loan balances. In addition, our average charged fees increased as a result of better pricing in the low-interest rate environment. 
 For multifamily, higher base guaranty fee income in 2021 compared with 2020 was similarly the result of an increase in our multifamily guaranty book of business combined with an increase in average charged guaranty fees. In addition, we realized higher multifamily yield maintenance revenue related to the prepayment of multifamily loans in 2021 compared with 2020. 
 Higher net amortization income. Throughout all of 2021 and much of 2020 we were in a low interest rate environment, which led to significant prepayment volumes as loans refinanced, resulting in nearly two-thirds of our single-family book of business being originated since the beginning of 2020. As loans refinance, we accelerate the amortization of cost basis adjustments on the mortgage loans and any related debt of consolidated trusts, resulting in elevated amortization income for the periods. 
 A mortization income was greater in 2021 than in 2020 primarily because the loans that prepaid in 2021, and the related debt of consolidated trusts that liquidated, had a greater amount of net unamortized deferred income associated with them. Generally, the loans that prepaid in 2021 had been outstanding for less time than those that prepaid in 2020, and a greater portion of loans that prepaid in 2021 were issued in a low-interest-rate environment, which resulted in a greater amount of net deferred income associated with them. 
 Lower income from portfolios. Lower income from portfolios in 2021 was primarily due to the reduced average balance and lower yields on our retained mortgage portfolio, combined with lower yields on assets in our other investments portfolio as a result of the low interest rate environment. This reduction in income was partially offset by a decrease in interest expense on our funding debt due to a decrease in average borrowing costs, primarily as a result of lower average interest rates on our long-term debt. 
 The decrease in the average balance of our retained mortgage portfolio for 2021 compared with 2020 was primarily due to a decrease in our lender liquidity portfolio, which was driven by lower acquisitions through our whole loan conduit in the second half of 2021 as mortgage refinance activity slowed. In addition, sales of reperforming and nonperforming mortgage loans drove a decrease in our loss mitigation portfolio. 
 Refinancing activity was significantly lower in 2022 compared with 2021 levels as the rise in interest rates resulted in fewer borrowers who could benefit from refinancing. We expect refinancing activity to remain low in 2023 compared with the levels in 2020 and 2021, as we expect average 30-year fixed rate mortgage interest rates to remain significantly higher than the interest rates of most outstanding single-family loans. As of December 29, 2022, the U.S. weekly 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 67 

MD A | Consolidated Results of Operations 

 average interest rate for a single-family 30-year fixed-rate mortgage was 6.42 , according to Freddie Mac s Primary Mortgage Market Survey . Nearly 95 of our single-family conventional guaranty book of business as of December 31, 2022 had an interest rate below 5.50 , resulting in a low likelihood these loans would refinance at current rates. In addition, approximately 75 of our single-family conventional guaranty book of business as of December 31, 2022 had an interest rate below 4.00 . Accordingly, even if interest rates decline meaningfully from current levels, most of the loans in our single-family conventional guaranty book of business still would not be incentivized to refinance. 
 We expect significantly lower amortization income in 2023 compared with 2022, driven by our expectation that refinancing activity will remain low as we expect most single-family loans in our guaranty book of business will continue to have interest rates significantly lower than current market rates. However, we expect the decline in our amortization income in 2023 to be partially offset by higher interest income on our other investments portfolio. 
 Analysis of Net Interest Income 
 The table below displays an analysis of our net interest income, average balances and related yields earned on assets and incurred on liabilities. For most components of the average balances, we use a daily weighted average of unpaid principal balance net of unamortized cost basis adjustments. When daily average balance information is not available, such as for mortgage loans, we use monthly averages. Analysis of Net Interest Income and Yield (1) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Average Balance Interest Income/ (Expense) Average Rates Earned/Paid Average Balance Interest Income/ (Expense) Average Rates Earned/Paid Average Balance Interest Income/ (Expense) Average Rates Earned/Paid (Dollars in millions) 
 Interest-earning assets: 
 Mortgage loans of Fannie Mae 
 60,587 2,835 4.68 89,603 2,953 3.30 114,132 3,917 3.43 Mortgage loans of consolidated trusts 4,019,332 114,978 2.86 3,746,113 95,977 2.56 3,369,573 102,399 3.04 Total mortgage loans (2) 
 4,079,919 117,813 2.89 3,835,716 98,930 2.58 3,483,705 106,316 3.05 Investments in securities (3) 
 128,245 1,828 1.41 168,702 582 0.34 133,011 972 0.72 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 25,374 524 2.04 46,165 21 0.04 41,807 146 0.34 Advances to lenders 
 5,170 132 2.52 9,086 142 1.54 8,551 135 1.55 Total interest-earning assets 4,238,708 120,297 2.84 4,059,669 99,675 2.46 3,667,074 107,569 2.93 Interest-bearing liabilities: 
 Short-term funding debt 
 4,429 (76) 1.69 5,748 (4) 0.07 33,068 (182) 0.54 Long-term funding debt 
 139,098 (2,481) 1.78 231,344 (2,707) 1.17 204,832 (3,181) 1.55 CAS debt 
 8,658 (511) 5.90 13,896 (581) 4.18 17,915 (857) 4.78 Total debt of Fannie Mae 
 152,185 (3,068) 2.02 250,988 (3,292) 1.31 255,815 (4,220) 1.65 Debt securities of consolidated trusts held by third parties 
 4,030,467 (87,806) 2.18 3,778,755 (66,796) 1.77 3,403,052 (78,483) 2.31 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 4,182,652 (90,874) 2.17 4,029,743 (70,088) 1.74 3,658,867 (82,703) 2.26 Net interest income/net interest yield 
 29,423 0.69 29,587 0.73 24,866 0.68 
 (1) Includes the effects of discounts, premiums and other cost basis adjustments. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, includes cost basis adjustments related to hedge accounting. 
 (2) Average balance includes mortgage loans on nonaccrual status. Interest income from yield maintenance revenue and the amortization of loan fees, primarily consisting of upfront cash fees, was 5.1 billion, 10.1 billion and 9.3 billion for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) Consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury securities and mortgage-related securities. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 68 

MD A | Consolidated Results of Operations 

 The table below displays the change in our net interest income between periods and the extent to which that variance is attributable to: (1) changes in the volume of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities or (2) changes in the interest rates of these assets and liabilities. Rate/Volume Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Total Variance Variance Due to: (1) 
 Total Variance Variance Due to: (1) 
 Volume Rate Volume Rate (Dollars in millions) Interest income: Mortgage loans of Fannie Mae (118) (1,131) 1,013 (964) (814) (150) Mortgage loans of consolidated trusts 19,001 7,314 11,687 (6,422) 10,696 (17,118) Total mortgage loans 18,883 6,183 12,700 (7,386) 9,882 (17,268) Investments in securities (2) 
 1,246 (170) 1,416 (390) 214 (604) Securities purchased under agreements to resell 503 (14) 517 (125) 14 (139) Advances to lenders (10) (77) 67 7 8 (1) Total interest income 20,622 5,922 14,700 (7,894) 10,118 (18,012) Interest expense: Short-term funding debt (72) 1 (73) 178 86 92 Long-term funding debt 226 1,324 (1,098) 474 (377) 851 CAS debt 70 262 (192) 276 177 99 Total debt of Fannie Mae 224 1,587 (1,363) 928 (114) 1,042 Debt securities of consolidated trusts held by third parties 
 (21,010) (4,680) (16,330) 11,687 (8,069) 19,756 Total interest expense (20,786) (3,093) (17,693) 12,615 (8,183) 20,798 Net interest income (164) 2,829 (2,993) 4,721 1,935 2,786 
 (1) Combined rate/volume variances are allocated between rate and volume based on the relative size of each variance. 
 (2) Consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury securities and mortgage-related securities. 
 Analysis of Deferred Amortization Income 
 We initially recognize mortgage loans and debt of consolidated trusts in our consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The difference between the initial fair value and the carrying value of these instruments is recorded as a cost basis adjustment, either as a premium or a discount, in our consolidated balance sheets. We amortize these cost basis adjustments over the contractual lives of the loans or debt. On a net basis, for mortgage loans and debt of consolidated trusts, we are in a premium position with respect to debt of consolidated trusts, which represents deferred income we will recognize in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income as amortization income in future periods. Our net premium position on debt of consolidated MBS trusts decreased as of December 31, 2022, compared with December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of increasing interest rates throughout much of 2022, which resulted in recognizing primarily net discounts on newly issued MBS debt as prices declined. 
 Deferred Amortization Income Represented by Net Premium Position 
 on Debt of Consolidated Trusts 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 69 

MD A | Consolidated Results of Operations 

 Investment Gains (Losses), Net 
 Investment gains (losses), net primarily consists of the sale of single-family held for sale HFS loans, lower of cost or fair value adjustments on HFS loans, gains and losses recognized on the consolidation and deconsolidation of securities, and gains and losses recognized from the sale of available-for-sale AFS securities. 
 Net investment losses in 2022 were primarily driven by a significant decrease in the market value of single-family loans, which resulted in valuation losses on loans held-for-sale as of December 31, 2022, as well as lower prices on loans sold during the year. Net investment gains in 2021 were driven by strong loan pricing coupled with a high volume of single-family loan sales during the year. 
 
 Fair Value Gains (Losses), Net 
 The estimated fair value of our derivatives, trading securities and other financial instruments carried at fair value may fluctuate substantially from period to period because of changes in interest rates, the yield curve, mortgage and credit spreads and implied volatility, as well as activity related to these financial instruments. 
 In January 2021, we began applying fair value hedge accounting to reduce earnings volatility in our financial statements driven by changes in benchmark interest rates as discussed below in Impact of Hedge Accounting on Fair Value Gains (Losses), Net. Accordingly, since then, we have recognized the fair value gains and losses and the contractual interest income and expense associated with risk management derivatives designated in qualifying hedging relationships in net interest income. 
 As discussed in more detail below, we had fair value gains in 2022, primarily driven by the impact of rising interest rates and widening of the secondary spread, which led to price declines. As a result of the price declines, we recognized gains on our mortgage commitment derivatives and long-term debt of consolidated trusts held at fair value, partially offset by fair value losses on fixed-rate trading securities. We had fair value gains in 2021 primarily driven by the impact of rising interest rates on the fair value of our mortgage commitment derivatives and long-term debt of consolidated trusts held at fair value, partially offset by fair value losses on fixed-rate trading securities. 
 The table below displays the components of our fair value gains and losses. 
 Fair Value Gains (Losses), Net For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in millions) Risk management derivatives fair value gains (losses) attributable to: 
 Net contractual interest income (expense) on interest-rate swaps (492) 227 (261) Net change in fair value during the period (1,891) (1,284) (99) Impact of hedge accounting 2,763 1,242 Risk management derivatives fair value gains (losses), net 380 185 (360) Mortgage commitment derivatives fair value gains (losses), net 2,708 551 (2,654) Credit enhancement derivatives fair value gains (losses), net (97) (178) 182 Total derivatives fair value gains (losses), net 2,991 558 (2,832) Trading securities gains (losses), net (3,504) (1,060) 513 Long-term debt fair value gains (losses), net 
 2,265 631 (432) Other, net (1) 
 (468) 26 250 Fair value gains (losses), net 1,284 155 (2,501) 
 (1) Consists primarily of fair value gains and losses on mortgage loans held at fair value. 
 Impact of Hedge Accounting on Fair Value Gains (Losses), Net 
 Our earnings can experience volatility due to interest-rate changes and differing accounting treatments that apply to certain financial instruments on our balance sheet. To help address this volatility, we began applying fair value hedge accounting in January 2021 to reduce the current-period impact on our earnings related to changes in specified benchmark interest rates. Hedge accounting aligns the timing of when we recognize fair value changes in hedged items attributable to these benchmark interest-rate movements with fair value changes in the hedging instrument. For additional discussion on the purpose and structure of our hedge accounting program, see Risk Management Market Risk Management, including Interest-Rate Risk Management Earnings Exposure to Interest-Rate Risk. For additional 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 70 

MD A | Consolidated Results of Operations 

 discussion of our fair value hedge accounting policy and related disclosures, see Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 8, Derivative Instruments. 
 The table below displays the amount of contractual interest accruals and fair value losses related to designated interest-rate swaps in qualifying hedging relationships that are recognized in Net interest income rather than Fair value gains (losses), net as a result of hedge accounting. Derivatives not in hedging relationships are not affected. 
 Impact of Hedge Accounting on Fair Value Gains (Losses), Net For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in millions) Net contractual interest (expense) income accruals related to interest-rate swaps designated as hedging instruments recognized in net interest income (227) 211 Fair value losses on derivatives designated as hedging instruments recognized in net interest income (2,536) (1,453) Fair value losses, net recognized in net interest income from hedge accounting (2,763) (1,242) 
 Risk Management Derivatives Fair Value Gains (Losses), Net 
 Risk management derivative instruments are an integral part of our interest-rate risk management strategy. We supplement our issuance of debt securities with derivative instruments to further reduce duration risk, which includes prepayment risk. We purchase option-based risk management derivatives to economically hedge prepayment risk. In cases where options obtained through callable debt issuances are not needed for risk management derivative purposes, we may sell options in the over-the-counter OTC derivatives market in order to offset the options obtained in the callable debt. Our principal purpose in using derivatives is to manage our aggregate interest-rate risk profile within prescribed risk parameters. We generally use only derivatives that are relatively liquid and straightforward to value. We consider the cost of derivatives used in our management of interest-rate risk to be an inherent part of the cost of funding and hedging our mortgage investments and economically similar to the interest expense that we recognize on the debt we issue to fund our mortgage investments. 
 We present, by derivative instrument type, the fair value gains and losses on our derivatives in Note 8, Derivative Instruments. The primary factors that may affect the fair value of our risk management derivatives include the following: 
 Changes in interest rates. Our primary derivative instruments are interest-rate swaps, including pay-fixed and receive-fixed interest-rate swaps. Pay-fixed swaps decrease in value and receive-fixed swaps increase in value as swap rates decrease (with the opposite being true when swap rates increase). Because the composition of our pay-fixed and receive-fixed derivatives varies across the yield curve, different yield curve changes (that is, parallel, steepening or flattening) will generate different gains and losses. Changes in the fair value of derivatives in hedging relationships are recorded in Net interest income. 
 Changes in our derivative activity. The mix and balance of our derivative portfolio changes from period to period as we enter into or terminate derivative instruments to respond to changes in interest rates and changes in the balances and modeled characteristics of our assets and liabilities. Changes in the composition of our derivative portfolio affect the derivative fair value gains and losses we recognize in a given period. 
 Additional factors that affect the fair value of our risk management derivatives include implied interest-rate volatility and the time value of purchased or sold options. 
 We recognized net fair value gains on risk management derivatives in 2022 and 2021 primarily as a result of increases in the fair value of our pay-fixed interest-rate swaps, partially offset by decreases in the fair value of receive-fixed interest-rate swaps driven by increasing interest rates in both years. 
 For additional information on our use of derivatives to manage interest-rate risk, see Risk Management Market Risk Management, including Interest-Rate Risk Management Interest-Rate Risk Management. 
 Mortgage Commitment Derivatives Fair Value Gains (Losses), Net 
 We account for certain commitments to purchase or sell mortgage-related securities and to purchase single-family mortgage loans as derivatives. For open mortgage commitment derivatives, we include changes in their fair value in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. When derivative purchase commitments settle, we include the fair value of the commitment on the settlement date in the cost basis of the loan or security we purchase. When derivative commitments to sell securities settle, we include the fair value of the commitment on the settlement date in the cost basis of the security we sell. Purchases of securities issued by our consolidated MBS trusts are treated as extinguishments of debt; we recognize the fair value of the commitment on the settlement date as a component of 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 71 

MD A | Consolidated Results of Operations 

 debt extinguishment gains and losses in Other expenses, net. Sales of securities issued by our consolidated MBS trusts are treated as issuances of consolidated debt; we recognize the fair value of the commitment on the settlement date as a component of debt in the cost basis of the debt issued. 
 We recognized fair value gains on our mortgage commitments in 2022 primarily due to gains on commitments to sell mortgage-related securities as prices decreased during the commitment period due to rising interest rates and widening of the secondary spread, which is the spread between the 30-year MBS current coupon yield and 10-year U.S. Treasury rate. 
 We recognized fair value gains on our mortgage commitments in 2021 primarily due to gains on commitments to sell mortgage-related securities as prices decreased during the commitment period due to rising interest rates. 
 Trading Securities Gains (Losses), Net 
 Losses on trading securities in 2022 were primarily driven by increases in U.S. Treasury yields, which resulted in losses on fixed-rate securities held in our other investments portfolio. 
 Losses on trading securities in 2021 were primarily driven by increases in interest rates, which resulted in losses on fixed-rate securities held in our other investments portfolio. 
 Long-Term Debt Fair Value Gains (Losses), Net 
 We elect the fair value option for our long-term debt of consolidated trusts that contain embedded derivatives that would otherwise require bifurcation. The fair value of our long-term consolidated trust debt held at fair value is reported in Debt of consolidated trusts in our consolidated balance sheets. The changes in the fair value of our long-term consolidated trust debt held at fair value are included in Long-term debt fair value gains (losses), net in the table above. 
 We recognized fair value gains in 2022 due to decreases in the fair value of long-term debt of consolidated trusts held at fair value driven by rising interest rates and widening of the secondary spread. 
 We recognized fair value gains in 2021 due to decreases in the fair value of long-term debt of consolidated trusts held at fair value driven by rising interest rates. 
 Other, Net 
 We elect the fair value option for mortgage loans that contain embedded derivatives that would otherwise require bifurcation. The fair value of our mortgage loans held at fair value is reported as Mortgage loans in our consolidated balance sheets. The changes in fair value of our mortgage loans held at fair value are included in Other, net in the table above. 
 We recognized fair value losses on our mortgage loans held at fair value in 2022 due to increases in interest rates, which led to lower prices. 
 
 Benefit (Provision) for Credit Losses 
 Our benefit or provision for credit losses can vary substantially from period to period based on a number of factors, such as changes in actual and forecasted home prices or property valuations, fluctuations in actual and forecasted interest rates, borrower payment behavior, events such as natural disasters or pandemics, the types, volume and effectiveness of our loss mitigation activities, including forbearances and loan modifications, the volume of foreclosures completed and the volume and pricing of loans redesignated from held for investment HFI to HFS. 
 In recent periods, changes in actual and projected interest rates have been a significant driver of our benefit or provision for credit losses as these changes drive prepayment speeds, which impacts the measurement of the economic concessions granted to borrowers on modified loans. Pursuant to our adoption of Accounting Standards Update ASU 2022-02 effective January 1, 2022, we prospectively discontinued TDR accounting and no longer measure the economic concession for restructurings occurring on or after the adoption date. This accounting also results in the elimination of any existing economic concession related to a loan that was previously designated as a TDR if such loan is restructured on or after January 1, 2022. Although increases in interest rates were a meaningful driver of our benefit or provision for credit losses in recent years, we expect the decrease in the balance of loans that were previously designated as TDRs will reduce the sensitivity of our benefit or provision for credit losses to interest rate volatility over time. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies New Accounting Guidance and Note 3, Mortgage Loans for more information about our adoption of ASU 2022-02. 
 Our benefit or provision for credit losses and our related loss reserves can also be impacted by updates to the models, assumptions and data used in determining our allowance for loan losses. Although we believe the estimates underlying our allowance as of December 31, 2022 are reasonable, they are subject to uncertainty. Changes in future economic 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 72 

MD A | Consolidated Results of Operations 

 conditions and loan performance from our current expectations may result in volatility in our allowance for loan losses and, as a result, our benefit or provision for credit losses. See Critical Accounting Estimates for additional information about how our estimate of credit losses is subject to uncertainty. See Risk Factors Credit Risk for a discussion of factors that could result in significant provisions for credit losses on the loans in our book of business. 
 The table below provides a quantitative analysis of the drivers of our single-family and multifamily benefit or provision for credit losses and the change in expected credit enhancement recoveries. The benefit or provision for credit losses includes our benefit or provision for loan losses, accrued interest receivable losses and our guaranty loss reserves, and excludes credit losses on our AFS securities. It also excludes the transition impact of adopting the CECL standard, which was recorded as an adjustment to retained earnings as of January 1, 2020. Many of the drivers that contribute to our benefit or provision for credit losses overlap or are interdependent. The attribution shown below is based on internal allocation estimates. Components of Benefit (Provision) for Credit Losses and Change in Expected Credit Enhancement Recoveries 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in millions) Single-family benefit (provision) for credit losses: 
 Changes in loan activity (1)(2) 
 (1,347) 201 (31) Redesignation of loans from HFI to HFS (306) 1,233 672 Actual and forecasted home prices (2,867) 3,026 1,536 Actual and projected interest rates (1,072) (639) 1,085 Release of economic concessions (3) 
 793 Changes in assumptions regarding COVID-19 forbearance and loan delinquencies (2) 
 713 (3,021) Other (4) 
 (230) 64 (314) Single-family benefit (provision) for credit losses (5,029) 4,598 (73) Multifamily benefit (provision) for credit losses: Changes in loan activity (1)(2) 
 (150) (202) (234) Actual and projected interest rates (279) 9 210 Actual and projected economic data 105 571 Estimated impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (2) 
 119 (648) Other (4) 
 (924) 33 70 Multifamily benefit (provision) for credit losses (1,248) 530 (602) Total benefit (provision) for credit losses (6,277) 5,128 (675) Change in expected credit enhancement recoveries for active loans: Single-family 470 (86) 89 Multifamily 257 (123) 137 Change in expected credit enhancement recoveries for active loans 727 (209) 226 
 (1) Primarily consists of loan acquisitions, liquidations, amortization of modification concessions granted to borrowers and write-offs of amounts determined to be uncollectible. For multifamily, changes in loan activity also includes changes in the allowance due to loan delinquencies and the impact of changes in DSCRs based on updated property financial information, which is used to assess loan credit quality. 
 (2) Beginning January 1, 2022, changes in assumptions regarding COVID-19 forbearance and loan delinquencies are included in Changes in loan activity. 
 (3) Represents the benefit from the release of economic concessions related to loans previously designated as TDRs that received loss mitigation arrangements during the period due to the adoption of ASU 2022-02 effective January 1, 2022. 
 (4) Includes provision for allowance on accrued interest receivable. For single-family, also includes changes in the reserve for guaranty losses that are not separately included in the other components. For multifamily, 2022 primarily consists of provision for our seniors housing portfolio and 2021 includes the impact of model enhancements. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 73 

MD A | Consolidated Results of Operations 

 Single-Family Benefit (Provision) for Credit Losses 
 The primary factors that contributed to our single-family provision for credit losses in 2022 were: 
 Net provision from actual and forecasted home prices . Provision from home price changes was primarily driven by our home price forecast, which estimates home price declines in 2023 and 2024. Lower forecasted home prices increase the likelihood that loans will default and increase the amount of credit loss on loans that do default, which increases our estimate of loss reserves and provision for credit losses. See Key Market Economic Indicators for additional information about how home prices affect our credit loss estimates, including a discussion of home price growth and declines, and our home price forecast. Also see Critical Accounting Estimates for more information about our home price forecast. 
 Provision from changes in loan activity , which includes provision on newly acquired loans . The portion of our single-family acquisitions consisting of purchase loans increased in 2022 compared with 2021. As we shift to more purchase loans, the credit profile of our acquisitions weakens as purchase loans generally have higher origination LTV ratios than refinance loans. This drove a higher estimated risk of default and loss severity in the allowance and therefore a higher credit loss provision for those loans at the time of acquisition. In addition, in 2022, our credit loss provision also increased as our more negative home price forecast increased our estimate of losses on newly acquired loans. See Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management for more information on our loan acquisitions in 2022. 
 Provision from higher actual and projected interest rates . As mortgage rates increase, we expect a decrease in future prepayments on single-family loans, including modified loans accounted for as TDRs. Lower expected prepayments extend the expected lives of these loans resulting in an increase in expected losses. For TDR loans, longer expected lives also increase the expected impairment relating to economic concessions provided on them, resulting in a provision for credit losses. 
 The primary factors that contributed to our single-family benefit for credit losses in 2021 were: 
 Benefit from actual and forecasted home prices . In 2021, actual home price growth was at record levels. Higher home prices decrease the likelihood that loans will default and reduce the amount of credit loss on loans that do default, which impacts our estimate of losses and ultimately reduces our loss reserves and provision for credit losses. 
 Benefit from the redesignation of loans from HFI to HFS . We redesignated certain nonperforming and reperforming single-family loans from HFI to HFS, as we no longer intended to hold them for the foreseeable future or to maturity. Upon redesignation of these loans, we recorded the loans at the lower of cost or fair value with a write-off against the allowance for loan losses. Amounts recorded in the allowance related to these loans exceeded the amounts written off, resulting in a net benefit for credit losses. 
 Benefit from changes in assumptions regarding COVID-19 forbearance and loan delinquencies . During the first half of 2021, management used its judgment to supplement the loss projections developed by our credit loss model to account for uncertainty arising from the COVID-19 pandemic that was not represented in historical data or otherwise captured by our credit model. For the second half of 2021, management removed the remaining non-modeled adjustment as the effects of the government s economic stimulus, the vaccine rollout, and the effectiveness of COVID-19-related loss mitigation strategies were much less uncertain. 
 The impact of these factors was partially offset by provision for higher actual and projected interest rates, which reduced our single-family benefit for credit losses recognized in 2021. 
 Multifamily Benefit (Provision) for Credit Losses 
 The primary factors that contributed to our multifamily provision for credit losses in 2022 were: 
 Approximately 900 million in provision relating to our multifamily seniors housing portfolio, which is included in Other in the table above. As of December 31, 2022, our estimate of credit losses reflected an increased probability of default and greater expected severity of loss on our seniors housing portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, nearly all of the seniors housing loans in our guaranty book of business were current on their payments. However, our seniors housing portfolio has been disproportionately impacted by recent market conditions, which has resulted in higher expected losses on this portfolio. 
 Seniors housing has been negatively impacted by elevated vacancy rates and higher operating costs, which have been exacerbated by recent inflation pressures. This has reduced the net operating income on many seniors housing properties, which in turn has led to lower estimated property values. These factors, combined with increased costs associated with adjustable-rate mortgages due to a sharp rise in short-term interest rates during the latter half of 2022, have put additional stress on our seniors housing portfolio and increased our 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 74 

MD A | Consolidated Results of Operations 

 estimate of credit losses on these loans. As of December 31, 2022, our seniors housing portfolio had an unpaid principal balance of 16.6 billion, of which 39 were adjustable-rate mortgages. See Multifamily Business Multifamily Portfolio Diversification and Monitoring for more information about our seniors housing portfolio. 
 Provision for higher actual and projected interest rates . Rising interest rates may reduce the ability of multifamily borrowers to refinance their loans, which often have balloon balances at maturity, increasing our provision for credit losses. Additionally, rising interest rates increase the chance that multifamily borrowers with adjustable-rate mortgages may default due to higher payments if the property net operating income is not increasing at a similar pace. 
 The primary factors that contributed to our multifamily benefit for credit losses in 2021 were: 
 Benefit from actual and projected economic data . In 2021, property value forecasts increased due to continued demand for multifamily housing. In addition, improved job growth led to an increase in projected average property net operating income, which reduced the probability of loan defaults, resulting in a benefit for credit losses. 
 Benefit from lower expected credit losses as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Similar to our single-family benefit for credit losses described above, for the first half of 2021 management used its judgment to supplement the loss projections developed by our credit loss model to account for uncertainty arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. For the second half of 2021, management removed the remaining non-modeled adjustment as the effects of the economic stimulus, the vaccine rollout, and the effectiveness of COVID-19-related loss mitigation strategies were much less uncertain. 
 
 TCCA Fees 
 Pursuant to the TCCA, in 2012 FHFA directed us to increase our single-family guaranty fees by 10 basis points and remit this increase to Treasury. This TCCA-related revenue is included in Net interest income and the expense is recognized as TCCA fees in our consolidated financial statements. 
 TCCA fees increased in 2022 compared with 2021 as our book of business subject to the TCCA increased over the prior year. See Business Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters Guaranty Fees and Pricing for further discussion of the TCCA. 
 Credit Enhancement Expense 
 Credit enhancement expense consists of costs associated with our freestanding credit enhancements, which primarily include our CAS and CIRT programs, enterprise-paid mortgage insurance EPMI ), and amortization expense for certain lender risk-sharing programs. For our CAS and CIRT programs, this expense is generally based on the average balance of the covered reference pool. Therefore, the periodic expense at the transaction or security level generally increases or decreases as the covered balance increases or decreases. We exclude from this expense costs related to our CAS transactions accounted for as debt instruments and credit risk transfer programs accounted for as derivative instruments. 
 Credit enhancement expense increased in 2022 compared with 2021 as the average balance of loans covered by CAS and CIRT transactions increased in 2022. We discuss the transfer of mortgage credit risk in Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management Single-Family Credit Enhancement and Transfer of Mortgage Credit Risk and Multifamily Business Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management Transfer of Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk. 
 Change in Expected Credit Enhancement Recoveries 
 Change in expected credit enhancement recoveries consists of the change in benefits recognized from our freestanding credit enhancements, including any realized amounts. Change in expected credit enhancement recoveries switched from expense in 2021 to income in 2022 driven by an increase in provision for credit losses in 2022 as our allowance for loan losses increased, which drove an increase in our expected recoveries. 
 
 Other Expenses, Net 
 We recognized other expenses, net of 918 million in 2022 compared with 1.3 billion in 2021. The decrease in other expenses, net in 2022 was primarily due to the decrease in our housing trust fund expenses, which are based upon new business purchases volumes. Purchase volumes, particularly in our single-family business, declined significantly in 2022 compared with 2021. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Transactions with Related Persons Treasury Interest in Affordable Housing Allocations for more information on these expenses. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 75 

MD A | Consolidated Results of Operations 

 Federal Income Taxes 
 We recognized provisions for federal income taxes of 3.3 billion in 2022, 5.8 billion in 2021 and 3.1 billion in 2020. Our provision for federal income taxes decreased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily because of the decrease in our pre-tax income. Similarly, our provision for federal income taxes increased in 2021 compared with 2020 because of the increase in our pre-tax income. 
 Our effective tax rates were 20.4 in 2022, and 20.7 in 2021 and 2020. See Note 9, Income Taxes for additional information on our income taxes. 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis 
 This section discusses our consolidated balance sheets and should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. 
 
 Summary of Consolidated Balance Sheets As of December 31, 2022 2021 Variance (Dollars in millions) Assets Cash and cash equivalents and securities purchased under agreements to resell 72,552 63,191 9,361 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 29,854 66,183 (36,329) Investments in securities, at fair value 50,825 89,043 (38,218) Mortgage loans: Of Fannie Mae 54,085 66,127 (12,042) Of consolidated trusts 4,071,698 3,907,744 163,954 Allowance for loan losses (11,347) (5,629) (5,718) Mortgage loans, net of allowance for loan losses 4,114,436 3,968,242 146,194 Deferred tax assets, net 12,911 12,715 196 Other assets 24,710 29,792 (5,082) Total assets 
 4,305,288 4,229,166 76,122 Liabilities and equity Debt: Of Fannie Mae 134,168 200,892 (66,724) Of consolidated trusts 4,087,720 3,957,299 130,421 Other liabilities 23,123 23,618 (495) Total liabilities 4,245,011 4,181,809 63,202 Fannie Mae stockholders equity: Senior preferred stock 120,836 120,836 Other net deficit (60,559) (73,479) 12,920 Total equity 60,277 47,357 12,920 Total liabilities and equity 
 4,305,288 4,229,166 76,122 
 
 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 The decrease in restricted cash and cash equivalents from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by a decrease in prepayments due to lower refinance volumes for loans of consolidated trusts, resulting in lower cash balances held in trust at period-end. For information on our accounting policy for restricted cash and cash equivalents, see Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 
 Investments in Securities, at Fair Value 
 Investments in securities, at fair value decreased from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 as we primarily used short-term liquid assets that accumulated in prior periods to fund our operations and to pay off maturing debt. For further discussion, see Liquidity and Capital Management Liquidity Management. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 76 

MD A | Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis 

 Mortgage Loans, Net of Allowance 
 The mortgage loans reported in our consolidated balance sheets are classified as either HFS or HFI and include loans owned by Fannie Mae and loans held in consolidated trusts. 
 Mortgage loans, net of allowance for loan losses increased from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 driven by loan acquisitions outpacing liquidations and sales. 
 For additional information on our mortgage loans, see Note 3, Mortgage Loans, and for information on changes in our allowance for loan losses, see Note 4, Allowance for Loan Losses. 
 Debt 
 Debt of consolidated trusts represents the amount of Fannie Mae MBS issued from consolidated trusts and held by third-party certificateholders. Debt of Fannie Mae is the primary means of funding our mortgage purchases. Debt of Fannie Mae also includes CAS debt, which we issued in connection with our transfer of mortgage credit risk. 
 The decrease in debt of Fannie Mae from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the maturity of long-term debt, which outpaced new issuances as our funding needs remained low. The increase in debt of consolidated trusts from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by sales of Fannie Mae MBS, which are accounted for as issuances of debt of consolidated trusts in our consolidated balance sheets, since the MBS certificate ownership is transferred from us to a third party. See Liquidity and Capital Management Liquidity Management Debt Funding for a summary of activity in debt of Fannie Mae and a comparison of the mix between our outstanding short-term and long-term debt. Also see Note 7, Short-Term and Long-Term Debt for additional information on our total outstanding debt. 
 Stockholders Equity 
 Our stockholders equity (also referred to as our net worth) increased to 60.3 billion as of December 31, 2022, compared with 47.4 billion as of December 31, 2021, due to the 12.9 billion in comprehensive income recognized during 2022. 
 The aggregate liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock increased to 180.3 billion as of December 31, 2022 from 163.7 billion as of December 31, 2021. The aggregate liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock will further increase to 181.8 billion as of March 31, 2023, due to the 1.4 billion increase in our net worth in the fourth quarter of 2022. For more information about how this liquidation preference is determined see Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Treasury Agreements Senior Preferred Stock. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 77 

MD A | Retained Mortgage Portfolio 

 Retained Mortgage Portfolio 
 We use our retained mortgage portfolio primarily to provide liquidity to the mortgage market through our whole loan conduit and to support our loss mitigation activities, particularly in times of economic stress when other sources of liquidity to the mortgage market may decrease or withdraw. Previously, we also used our retained mortgage portfolio for investment purposes. 
 Our retained mortgage portfolio consists of mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities that we own, including Fannie Mae MBS and non-Fannie Mae mortgage-related securities. Assets held by consolidated MBS trusts that back mortgage-related securities owned by third parties are not included in our retained mortgage portfolio. 
 The chart below separates the instruments within our retained mortgage portfolio, measured by unpaid principal balance, into three categories based on each instrument s use: 
 Lender liquidity , which includes balances related to our whole loan conduit activity, supports our efforts to provide liquidity to the single-family and multifamily mortgage markets. 
 Loss mitigation supports our loss mitigation efforts through the purchase of delinquent loans from our MBS trusts. 
 Other represents assets that were previously purchased for investment purposes. The majority of the balance of Other as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of Fannie Mae reverse mortgage securities and reverse mortgage loans. We expect the amount of assets in Other will continue to decline over time as they liquidate, mature or are sold. 
 Retained Mortgage Portfolio 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 
 The decrease in our retained mortgage portfolio as of December 31, 2022 compared with December 31, 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in our lender liquidity portfolio driven by a decline in mortgage refinance activity, leading to lower acquisition volumes through the whole loan conduit. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 78 

MD A | Retained Mortgage Portfolio 

 The table below displays the components of our retained mortgage portfolio, measured by unpaid principal balance. Based on the nature of the asset, these balances are included in either Investments in securities, at fair value or Mortgage loans of Fannie Mae in our Summary of Consolidated Balance Sheets table shown above. Retained Mortgage Portfolio As of December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Lender liquidity: Agency securities (1) 
 16,410 34,509 Mortgage loans 7,329 16,174 Total lender liquidity 23,739 50,683 Loss mitigation mortgage loans (2) 
 38,458 37,601 Other: Reverse mortgage loans (3) 
 6,565 9,908 Mortgage loans 3,365 3,954 Reverse mortgage securities (4) 
 4,811 6,146 Other (5) 
 804 929 Total other 15,545 20,937 Total retained mortgage portfolio 77,742 109,221 Retained mortgage portfolio by segment: Single-family mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities 73,769 101,518 Multifamily mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities 3,973 7,703 
 (1) Consists of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae mortgage-related securities, including Freddie Mac securities guaranteed by Fannie Mae. Excludes Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae reverse mortgage securities and Fannie Mae-wrapped private-label securities. 
 (2) Includes single-family loans on nonaccrual status of 7.1 billion and 11.0 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Includes multifamily loans on nonaccrual status of 243 million and 340 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) We stopped acquiring newly originated reverse mortgages in 2010. 
 (4) Consists of Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae reverse mortgage securities. 
 (5) Consists of private-label and other securities, Fannie Mae-wrapped private-label securities and mortgage revenue bonds. 
 The amount of mortgage assets that we may own was previously capped at 250 billion and decreased to 225 billion on December 31, 2022 under the terms of our senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury. In addition, we are currently required to further cap our mortgage assets at 202.5 billion per instructions from FHFA. See Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements for additional information on our mortgage asset cap. 
 We include 10 of the notional value of the interest-only securities we hold in calculating the size of the retained portfolio for the purpose of determining compliance with the senior preferred stock purchase agreement retained portfolio limits and associated FHFA guidance. As of December 31, 2022, 10 of the notional value of our interest-only securities was 1.7 billion, which is not included in the table above. 
 
 Under the terms of our MBS trust documents, we have the option or, in some instances, the obligation, to purchase mortgage loans that meet specific criteria from an MBS trust. The purchase price for these loans is the unpaid principal balance of the loan plus accrued interest. If a delinquent loan remains in a single-family MBS trust, the servicer is responsible for advancing the borrower s missed scheduled principal and interest payments to the MBS holders for up to four months, after which time we must make these missed payments. In addition, we must reimburse servicers for advanced principal and interest payments. 
 In support of our loss mitigation strategies, we purchased 16.4 billion of loans from our single-family MBS trusts during 2022, the substantial majority of which were delinquent, compared with 10.4 billion of loans purchased from single-family MBS trusts during 2021. The increase in loans bought out of trusts in 2022 was primarily driven by loans exiting COVID-19-related forbearance that required a modification. The size of our retained mortgage portfolio will be impacted by the volume of loans we ultimately buy, the timing of those purchases, and the length of time those loans remain in our retained mortgage portfolio. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 79 

MD A | Guaranty Book of Business 

 Guaranty Book of Business 
 Our guaranty book of business consists of: 
 Fannie Mae MBS outstanding, excluding the portions of any structured securities we issue that are backed by Freddie Mac securities; 
 mortgage loans of Fannie Mae held in our retained mortgage portfolio; and 
 other credit enhancements that we provide on mortgage assets. 
 Total Fannie Mae guarantees consists of: 
 our guaranty book of business; and 
 the portions of any structured securities we issue that are backed by Freddie Mac securities. 
 Some Fannie Mae MBS that we issue are backed in whole or in part by Freddie Mac securities. When we resecuritize Freddie Mac securities into Fannie Mae-issued structured securities, such as Supers and REMICs, our guaranty of principal and interest extends to the underlying Freddie Mac securities. However, Freddie Mac continues to guarantee the payment of principal and interest on the underlying Freddie Mac securities that we have resecuritized. Although our guaranty of the underlying Freddie Mac securities requires us to hold additional capital under the enterprise regulatory capital framework, prior to July 1, 2022, we did not charge an incremental fee to create structured securities that include Freddie Mac securities. Effective July 1, 2022, we began charging an upfront fee to include Freddie Mac securities in our structured securities, calculated as 50 basis points on the portion of securities made up of Freddie Mac-issued collateral. Effective April 1, 2023, we will be reducing this fee to 9.375 basis points. References to our single-family guaranty book of business exclude Freddie Mac-acquired mortgage loans underlying Freddie Mac securities that we have resecuritized. 
 Our issuance of structured securities backed in whole or in part by Freddie Mac securities creates additional off-balance sheet exposure. Our guaranty extends to the underlying Freddie Mac security included in the structured security, but we do not have control over the Freddie Mac mortgage loan securitizations. Because we do not have the power to direct matters (primarily the servicing of mortgage loans) that impact the credit risk to which we are exposed, which constitute control of these securitization trusts, we do not consolidate these trusts in our consolidated balance sheet, giving rise to off-balance sheet exposure. See Liquidity and Capital Management Liquidity Management Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Note 6, Financial Guarantees for information regarding our maximum exposure to loss on unconsolidated Fannie Mae MBS and Freddie Mac securities. 
 The table below displays the composition of our guaranty book of business based on unpaid principal balance. Composition of Fannie Mae Guaranty Book of Business As of December 31, 2022 2021 Single-Family 
 Multifamily 
 Total 
 Single-Family 
 Multifamily 
 Total 
 (Dollars in millions) Conventional guaranty book of business (1) 
 3,646,981 442,067 4,089,048 3,536,613 419,463 3,956,076 Government guaranty book of business (2) 
 12,450 572 13,022 16,777 718 17,495 Guaranty book of business 3,659,431 442,639 4,102,070 3,553,390 420,181 3,973,571 Freddie Mac securities guaranteed by Fannie Mae (3) 
 234,023 234,023 212,259 212,259 Total Fannie Mae guarantees 3,893,454 442,639 4,336,093 3,765,649 420,181 4,185,830 
 (1) Refers to mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities that are not guaranteed or insured, in whole or in part, by the U.S. government. 
 (2) Refers to mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities guaranteed or insured, in whole or in part, by the U.S. government. 
 (3) Consists of off-balance sheet arrangements of approximately (i) 193.9 billion and 177.8 billion in unpaid principal balance of Freddie Mac-issued UMBS backing Fannie Mae-issued Supers as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and (ii) 40.1 billion and 34.5 billion in unpaid principal balance of Freddie Mac securities backing Fannie Mae-issued REMICs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Liquidity and Capital Management Liquidity Management Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements for more information regarding our maximum exposure to loss on consolidated Fannie Mae MBS and Freddie Mac securities. 
 The GSE Act requires us to set aside each year an amount equal to 4.2 basis points of the unpaid principal balance of our new business purchases and to pay this amount to specified HUD and Treasury funds in support of affordable housing. In March 2022, we paid 598 million to the funds based on our new business purchases in 2021. For 2022, we recognized an expense of 287 million related to this obligation based on 684.5 billion in new business purchases 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 80 

MD A | Guaranty Book of Business 

 during the year. We expect to pay this amount to the funds in 2023. See Business Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters Affordable Housing Allocations for more information regarding this obligation. 
 
 Business Segments 
 We have two reportable business segments: Single-Family and Multifamily. The Single-Family business operates in the secondary mortgage market relating to single-family mortgage loans, which are secured by properties containing four or fewer residential dwelling units. The Multifamily business operates in the secondary mortgage market relating primarily to multifamily mortgage loans, which are secured by properties containing five or more residential units. 
 We conduct business in the U.S. residential mortgage markets and the global securities market. According to the Federal Reserve, total U.S. residential mortgage debt outstanding was estimated to be approximately 15.2 trillion as of September 30, 2022 (the latest date for which information is available). We owned or guaranteed mortgage assets representing approximately 27 of total U.S. residential mortgage debt outstanding as of September 30, 2022. 
 The chart below displays net revenues and net income for each of our business segments. Net revenues consist of net interest income and fee and other income. 
 Business Segment Net Revenues and Net Income 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 
 Segment Allocation Methodology 
 The majority of our assets, revenues and expenses are directly associated with each respective business segment and are included in determining its asset balance and operating results. Those assets, revenues and expenses that are not directly attributable to a particular business segment are allocated based on the size of each segment s guaranty book of business. The substantial majority of our gains and losses associated with our risk management derivatives are allocated to our Single-Family business segment. 
 In the following sections, we describe each segment s primary business activities, customers, competitive and market conditions, business metrics, and financial results. We also describe how each segment manages mortgage credit risk and its credit metrics. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 81 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Primary Business Activities 

 Single-Family Business 
 Single-Family Primary Business Activities 
 Providing Liquidity for Single-Family Mortgage Loans 
 Working with lenders, our Single-Family business provides liquidity to the mortgage market primarily by acquiring single-family loans from lenders and securitizing those loans into Fannie Mae MBS, which are either delivered to the lenders or sold to investors or dealers. We describe our securitization transactions and the types of Fannie Mae MBS that we issue in Business Mortgage Securitizations. Our Single-Family business also supports liquidity in the mortgage market and the businesses of our lenders through other activities, such as issuing structured Fannie Mae MBS backed by single-family mortgage assets and buying and selling single-family agency mortgage-backed securities. 
 Our Single-Family business securitizes and purchases primarily conventional (not federally insured or guaranteed) single-family fixed-rate or adjustable-rate, first-lien mortgage loans, or mortgage-related securities backed by these types of loans. We also securitize or purchase loans insured by FHA, loans guaranteed by the VA, loans guaranteed by the Rural Development Housing and Community Facilities Program of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, manufactured housing mortgage loans and other mortgage-related securities. 
 Single-Family Mortgage Servicing 
 Our single-family mortgage loans are serviced by mortgage servicers on our behalf. Some loans are serviced by the lenders that initially sold the loans to us. In other cases, loans are serviced by third-party servicers that did not originate or sell the loans to us. For loans we own or guarantee, the lender or servicer must obtain our approval before selling servicing rights to another servicer. 
 Our mortgage servicers typically collect and deliver principal and interest payments, administer escrow accounts, monitor and report on loan performance, perform early delinquency intervention activities, evaluate transfers of ownership interests, respond to requests for partial releases of security, and handle proceeds from casualty and condemnation losses. Our mortgage servicers are the primary point of contact for borrowers and perform a key role in the effective implementation of our servicing policies, negotiation of workouts for delinquent and troubled loans, and other loss mitigation activities. If necessary, mortgage servicers inspect and preserve properties and process foreclosures and bankruptcies. For information on the risks of our reliance on servicers, refer to Risk Factors Credit Risk. 
 We compensate servicers primarily by permitting them to retain a specified portion of each interest payment on a serviced mortgage loan as a servicing fee. Servicers also generally retain assumption fees, late payment charges and other similar charges, to the extent they are collected from borrowers, as additional servicing compensation. We also compensate servicers for negotiating workouts on problem loans. 
 Our servicers are required to develop, follow and maintain written procedures relating to loan servicing and legal compliance in accordance with our Servicing Guide. We oversee servicer compliance with our Servicing Guide requirements and execution of our loss mitigation programs by conducting reviews of select servicers. These reviews are designed to test a servicer s quality control processes and compliance with our requirements across key servicing functions. Issues identified through these Servicing Guide compliance reviews are provided to the servicer with prescribed corrective actions and expected resolution due dates, and we monitor servicers remediation of their compliance issues. 
 We employ a servicer performance management program, called the Servicer Total Achievement and Rewards TM (STAR Program, which provides our largest servicers a transparent framework of key metrics and operational assessments to recognize strong performance and identify areas of weakness. Performance management staff measure, monitor and manage overall servicer performance by conducting regular servicer performance reviews in an effort to promote optimal performance, mitigate risk and explore best practices or areas of opportunity to take action and improve performance where necessary. 
 Repercussions for poor performance by a servicer may include performance improvement plans, lost incentive income, compensatory fees, monetary and non-monetary remedies, and reduced opportunity for STAR Program recognition. If poor performance persists, servicing may ultimately be transferred to a different servicer. 
 Single-Family Credit Risk and Credit Loss Management 
 Our Single-Family business: 
 Prices and manages the credit risk on loans in our single-family guaranty book of business through our loan acquisition policies. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 82 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Primary Business Activities 

 Works to reduce costs of defaulted single-family loans through, among other things, home retention solutions and foreclosure alternatives, management of foreclosures and our REO inventory, and pursuing contractual remedies from lenders, servicers and providers of credit enhancements. 
 Enters into transactions that transfer a portion of the credit risk on some of the loans in our single-family guaranty book of business through our credit risk transfer programs. 
 See Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management below for discussion of our strategies for managing credit risk and credit losses on single-family loans . 
 Single-Family Lenders and Investors 
 In support of our mission to facilitate equitable and sustainable access to homeownership and quality affordable rental housing across America, we work with lenders that operate within the primary mortgage market where mortgage loans are originated and funds are loaned to borrowers. Our lenders include mortgage banking companies, savings and loan associations, savings banks, commercial banks, credit unions, community banks, private mortgage originators, and state and local housing finance agencies. Lenders originating mortgages in the primary mortgage market often sell them in the secondary mortgage market in the form of whole loans or in the form of mortgage-related securities. 
 During 2022, approximately 1,200 lenders delivered single-family mortgage loans to us. We acquire a significant portion of our single-family mortgage loans from several large mortgage lenders. During 2022, our top five lenders, in the aggregate, accounted for 28 of our single-family business volume, compared with 31 in 2021. Rocket Companies, Inc. was the only lender that accounted for 10 or more of our single-family business volume in 2022, representing 11 . 
 We have a diversified funding base of domestic and international investors. Purchasers of single-family Fannie Mae MBS include asset managers, commercial banks, pension funds, insurance companies, Treasury, central banks, corporations, state and local governments, and other municipal authorities. Our CAS investors include asset managers, real estate investment trusts, hedge funds and insurance companies, while our CIRT transaction counterparties are insurers and reinsurers. 
 Single-Family Competition 
 We compete to acquire single-family mortgage assets in the secondary market. We also compete for the issuance of single-family mortgage-related securities to investors. Competition in these areas is affected by many factors, including the number of residential mortgage loans offered for sale in the secondary market by loan originators and other market participants, the nature of the residential mortgage loans offered for sale (for example, whether the loans represent refinancings), the current demand for mortgage assets from mortgage investors, the interest-rate risk investors are willing to assume and the yields they will require as a result, and the credit risk and prices associated with available mortgage investments. 
 Competition to acquire mortgage assets is significantly affected by both our and our competitors pricing and eligibility standards, as well as investor demand for UMBS and for our and our competitors other mortgage-related securities. Our competitive environment also may be affected by many other factors, including our risk appetite and capital requirements; new or existing legislation or regulations applicable to us, our lenders or our investors; and digital innovation and disruption in our markets. In competing to acquire loans in the secondary market, we focus on understanding what drives our lenders execution decisions and identifying how to best deliver value while supporting our mission. See Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements, Business Legislation and Regulation, and Risk Factors for information on matters that could affect our business and competitive environment. 
 Our competitors for the acquisition of single-family mortgage assets are financial institutions and government agencies that manage residential mortgage credit risk or invest in residential mortgage loans, including Freddie Mac, FHA, the VA, Ginnie Mae (which primarily guarantees securities backed by FHA-insured loans and VA-guaranteed loans), the FHLBs, U.S. banks and thrifts, securities dealers, insurance companies, pension funds, investment funds and other mortgage investors. Currently, our primary competitors for the issuance of single-family mortgage-related securities are Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae and private market competitors. Competition for investors and counterparties in our credit risk transfer transactions comes primarily from other issuers of mortgage credit risk transactions, such as Freddie Mac and private mortgage insurers. We also compete for investor funds against other credit-related securitized products, such as private-label residential mortgage-backed securities RMBS ), commercial RMBS, and collateralized loan obligations. As noted above, the nature of our primary competitors and the overall levels of competition we face could change as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside our control. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 83 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Market 

 Single-Family Mortgage Market 
 In the charts below we present macroeconomic factors that affect the single-family mortgage market in which our Single-Family business operates. Home sales and the supply of unsold homes are indicators of the underlying demand for mortgage loans, which impacts our acquisition volumes. 
 Total Single-Family Home Sales and Months Supply of Unsold Homes (1) 
 Single-Family Mortgage Originations and Mortgage Debt Outstanding (2) 
 (Home sales units in thousands) 
 
 (Dollars in trillions) 

Months supply of new single-family unsold homes, as of year end Fannie Mae s percentage of total single-family mortgage debt outstanding, as of period end Months supply of existing single-family unsold homes, as of year end Single-family U.S. mortgage debt outstanding, as of period end Existing home sales Single-family mortgage loan originations New home sales 
 (1) Total existing home sales data according to National Association of REALTORS . New single-family home sales data according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Certain previously reported data has been updated to reflect revised historical data from one or both of these organizations. 
 (2) 2022 information is as of September 30, 2022 and is based on the Federal Reserve s December 2022 mortgage debt outstanding release, the latest date for which the Federal Reserve has estimated mortgage debt outstanding for single-family residences. Prior-period amounts have been changed to reflect revised historical data from the Federal Reserve. 
 Additional Information 
 The 30-year fixed mortgage rate averaged 6.36 in December 2022 compared with 3.10 in December 2021 according to Freddie Mac s Primary Mortgage Market Survey . 
 We forecast that total originations in the U.S. single-family mortgage market in 2023 will decrease from 2022 levels by approximately 29 , from an estimated 2.36 trillion in 2022 to 1.69 trillion in 2023, and the amount of refinance originations in the U.S. single-family mortgage market will decrease from an estimated 704 billion in 2022 to 367 billion in 2023. See Key Market Economic Indicators for additional discussion of how housing activity can affect our financial results. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 84 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage-Related Securities Issuances Share 

Single-Family Mortgage-Related Securities Issuances Share 
 Our single-family Fannie Mae MBS issuances were 628 billion in 2022, compared with 1.39 trillion in 2021 and 1.34 trillion in 2020. This decrease was driven by a significantly lower volume of refinance activity in 2022 due to higher mortgage rates. Based on the latest data available, the chart below displays our estimated share of single-family mortgage-related securities issuances in 2022 as compared with that of our primary competitors for the issuance of single-family mortgage-related securities. 
 
 We estimate our share of single-family mortgage-related securities issuances was 38 in 2021 and 41 in 2020. 
 
 Presentation of Our Single-Family Conventional Guaranty Book of Business 
 For purposes of the information reported in this Single-Family Business section, we measure the single-family conventional guaranty book of business using the unpaid principal balance of our mortgage loans underlying Fannie Mae MBS outstanding. By contrast, the single-family conventional guaranty book of business presented in the Composition of Fannie Mae Guaranty Book of Business table in the Guaranty Book of Business section is based on the unpaid principal balance of the Fannie Mae MBS outstanding, rather than the unpaid principal balance of the underlying mortgage loans. These amounts differ primarily as a result of payments we receive on underlying loans that have not yet been remitted to the MBS holders or instances where we have advanced missed borrower payments on mortgage loans to make required distributions to related MBS holders. As measured for purposes of the information reported below, our single-family conventional guaranty book of business was 3,635.2 billion as of December 31, 2022, 3,483.1 billion as of December 31, 2021 and 3,200.9 billion as of December 31, 2020. 
 Single-Family Business Metrics 
 Select Business Metrics 
 Net interest income for our Single-Family business is driven by the guaranty fees we charge and the size of our single-family conventional guaranty book of business. The guaranty fees we charge are based on the characteristics of the loans we acquire. We may adjust our guaranty fees in light of market conditions and to achieve return targets. As a result, the average charged guaranty fee on new acquisitions may fluctuate based on the credit quality and product mix of loans acquired, as well as market conditions and other factors. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 85 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Business Metrics 

 The charts below display our average charged guaranty fees, net of TCCA fees, on our single-family conventional guaranty book of business and on new single-family conventional loan acquisitions, along with our average single-family conventional guaranty book of business and our single-family conventional loan acquisitions for the periods presented. 
 Select Single-Family Business Metrics 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 
 Average charged guaranty fee on single-family conventional guaranty book of business, net of TCCA fees (1)(3) 
 Average single-family conventional guaranty book of business (2) 
 Average charged guaranty fee on new single-family conventional acquisitions, net of TCCA fees (1)(3) 
 Single-family conventional acquisitions 
 
 (1) Excludes the impact of a 10 basis point guaranty fee increase implemented pursuant to the TCCA, the incremental revenue from which is remitted to Treasury and not retained by us. 
 (2) Our single-family conventional guaranty book of business primarily consists of single-family conventional mortgage loans underlying Fannie Mae MBS outstanding. It also includes single-family conventional mortgage loans of Fannie Mae held in our retained mortgage portfolio, and other credit enhancements that we provide on single-family conventional mortgage assets. Our single-family conventional guaranty book of business does not include: (a) mortgage loans guaranteed or insured, in whole or in part, by the U.S. government; (b) Freddie Mac-acquired mortgage loans underlying Freddie Mac-issued UMBS that we have resecuritized; or (c) non-Fannie Mae single-family mortgage-related securities held in our retained mortgage portfolio for which we do not provide a guaranty. Our average single-family conventional guaranty book of business is based on quarter-end balances. 
 (3) In 2022, we enhanced the method we use to estimate average loan life at acquisition. Charged fees reported for prior periods have been updated in this report to reflect this updated methodology. 
 As shown in the chart above, our 2022 single-family conventional acquisitions decreased compared with 2021 and 2020, driven by higher interest rates, which decreased refinancing acquisitions as fewer borrowers could benefit from refinancing. 
 Average charged guaranty fee on newly acquired conventional single-family loans is a metric management uses to measure the price we earn as compensation for the credit risk we manage and to assess our return. Average charged guaranty fee represents, on an annualized basis, the average of the base guaranty fees charged during the period for our single-family conventional guaranty arrangements, which we receive monthly over the life of the loan, plus the recognition of any upfront cash payments, including loan-level price adjustments, based on an estimated average life at the time of acquisition. The calculation of single-family conventional charged guaranty fees at acquisition is sensitive to changes in inputs used in the calculation, including assumptions about the weighted average life of the loan, therefore changes in charged guaranty fees are not necessarily indicative of a change in pricing. 
 Our average charged guaranty fee on newly acquired conventional single-family loans, net of TCCA fees, increased in 2022 compared with 2021 and 2020. The increase in average charged guaranty fee on newly acquired single-family loans was primarily driven by the overall weaker credit risk profile of our 2022 acquisitions. We generally charge higher guaranty fees on loans with weaker credit risk characteristics. The weaker credit profile of our 2022 acquisitions was 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 86 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Business Metrics 

 primarily driven by the increased share of our acquisitions that were purchase loans in 2022 compared with a higher share of refinance loans in 2021 and 2020, as purchase loans generally have higher origination LTV ratios than refinance loans. See Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management Single-Family Portfolio Diversification and Monitoring below for a description of key risk characteristics of our single-family acquisitions in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Recent and Future Price Changes 
 FHFA has announced the following price changes on our single-family loan acquisitions since January 2022, along with the dates the changes are effective. These price changes also apply to Freddie Mac s single-family loan acquisitions. 
 April 2022 high-balance and second home loan price increases. In January 2022, FHFA announced targeted increases to the upfront fees we charge for certain high-balance loans and second home loans, which we implemented on April 1, 2022. High-balance loans are mortgages originated in certain designated areas above the baseline conforming loan limit. 
 December 2022 elimination of upfront fees for certain borrowers and affordable mortgage products. In October 2022, FHFA announced targeted changes to our guaranty fee pricing to eliminate upfront fees for the following borrowers and products: 
 First-time homebuyers at or below 100 of area median income in most of the United States and below 120 of area median income in high-cost areas; 
 HomeReady loans; 
 HFA Preferred loans; and 
 Single-family loans supporting the Duty-to-Serve program. 
 We eliminated these upfront fees effective December 1, 2022. 
 February 2023 cash-out refinance loan price increase. In October 2022, FHFA also announced increases in upfront fees for some cash-out refinance loans, which we implemented on February 1, 2023. 
 May 2023 updates to upfront fee matrices for purchase, rate-term refinance, cash-out refinance loans and other loan characteristics. In January 2023, FHFA announced further changes to our single-family pricing framework by introducing redesigned and recalibrated upfront fee matrices for purchase, rate-term refinance, and cash-out refinance loans. These price changes will take effect on May 1, 2023. 
 These pricing changes broadly impact purchase and rate-term refinance loans and build on the upfront fee changes announced in January and October 2022 discussed above, which have been integrated into the new pricing matrices. The revised matrices include higher upfront fees on certain types of loans unrelated to affordable housing, such as investor loans, second home loans, high-balance loans, and cash-out refinances. We believe these new price changes will enhance our ability to achieve FHFA s return targets for our acquisitions, as well as enhance our ability to improve our capital position over time. 
 Along with the support of FHFA, we will continue to review our pricing to ensure we operate in a safe and sound manner, and we are positioned to fulfill our mission of providing stability and liquidity to the mortgage market. 
 Changes in our pricing can significantly affect our loan acquisition volumes, the credit risk profile of our acquisitions, our competitive position, and the type and mix of loans we acquire. The price changes we implemented in December 2022 for certain first-time homebuyers, low-income borrowers, and underserved communities described above could negatively impact the credit risk profile of our new single-family acquisitions and investor interest in our future single-family credit risk transfer transactions, as these loan types generally have a higher credit risk profile than our other single-family loan acquisitions. 
 As described in Risk Factors GSE and Conservatorship Risk, FHFA s control over our guaranty fee pricing can constrain our ability to address changing market conditions, pursue certain strategic objectives, or manage the mix of loans we acquire. See Business Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters Guaranty Fees and Pricing for a description of regulatory and conservatorship requirements relating to our guaranty fee pricing. 

Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 87 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Business Financial Results 

 Single-Family Business Financial Results 
 This section provides a discussion of the primary components of net income for our Single-Family Business. This information complements the discussion of financial results in Consolidated Results of Operations. 
 Single-Family Business Financial Results (1) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Variance 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (Dollars in millions) Net interest income (2) 
 24,736 25,429 21,502 (693) 3,927 Fee and other income 224 269 368 (45) (99) Net revenues 24,960 25,698 21,870 (738) 3,828 Investment gains (losses), net (223) 1,392 728 (1,615) 664 Fair value gains (losses), net 1,364 167 (2,539) 1,197 2,706 Administrative expenses (2,789) (2,557) (2,559) (232) 2 Benefit (provision) for credit losses (5,029) 4,600 (75) (9,629) 4,675 TCCA fees (2) 
 (3,369) (3,071) (2,673) (298) (398) Credit enhancement expense (1,062) (812) (1,141) (250) 329 Change in expected credit enhancement recoveries (3) 
 470 (86) 89 556 (175) Other expenses, net (4) 
 (778) (1,208) (1,212) 430 4 Income before federal income taxes 13,544 24,123 12,488 (10,579) 11,635 Provision for federal income taxes (2,774) (4,996) (2,607) 2,222 (2,389) Net income 10,770 19,127 9,881 (8,357) 9,246 
 (1) See Note 10, Segment Reporting for information about our segment allocation methodology. 
 (2) Reflects the impact of a 10 basis point guaranty fee increase implemented pursuant to the TCCA, the incremental revenue from which is remitted to Treasury. The resulting revenue is included in Net interest income and the expense is recognized as TCCA fees. 
 (3) Includes estimated changes in benefits, as well as any realized amounts, from our single-family freestanding credit enhancements, which primarily relate to our CAS and CIRT programs. 
 (4) Consists of debt extinguishment gains and losses, foreclosed property income (expense), gains and losses from partnership investments, housing trust fund expenses, loan subservicing costs, and servicer fees paid in connection with certain loss mitigation activities. 
 Net interest income 

Single-family net interest income decreased in 2022 compared with 2021, driven by lower amortization income, which was partially offset by higher income from portfolios and higher base guaranty fee income. 
 Single-family net interest income increased in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily driven by higher base guaranty fee income and higher amortization income, partially offset by lower income from portfolios. 
 
 See Consolidated Results of Operations Net Interest Income for more information on the factors that impact our single-family net interest income. 

_____________________________________________________________________________ 

Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 88 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Business Financial Results 

 Investment gains (losses), net 

Net investment losses in 2022 were primarily driven by a significant decrease in the market value of single-family loans, which resulted in valuation losses on loans held-for-sale as of December 31, 2022, as well as lower prices on loans sold during the year. 
 Net investment gains in 2021 were driven by strong loan pricing coupled with a high volume of single-family loan sales during the year. 
 
 The drivers of investment gains (losses), net for the Single-Family segment are consistent with the drivers of investment gains (losses), net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, which we discuss in Consolidated Results of Operations Investment Gains (Losses), Net. 

_____________________________________________________________________________ 
 Fair value gains (losses), net 

Fair value gains, net in 2022 were primarily driven by the impact of rising interest rates and widening of the secondary spread, which led to price declines. As a result of the price declines, we recognized gains on our commitments to sell mortgage-related securities and long-term debt of consolidated trusts held at fair value. These gains were partially offset by fair value losses on fixed-rate trading securities. 
 Fair value gains, net in 2021 were primarily driven by gains as a result of increases in the fair value of mortgage commitment derivatives and our long-term debt of consolidated trusts held at fair value, which were partially offset by losses on trading securities. 
 
 The drivers of fair value gains (losses), net for the Single-Family segment are consistent with the drivers of fair value gains (losses), net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, which we discuss in Consolidated Results of Operations Fair Value Gains (Losses), Net. 

_____________________________________________________________________________ 

Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 89 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Business Financial Results 

 Benefit (provision) for credit losses 

Provision for credit losses in 2022 was primarily driven by decreases in forecasted home prices, the overall credit risk profile of our newly acquired loans, and rising interest rates. 
 Benefit for credit losses in 2021 was driven primarily by record levels of actual home price growth, the redesignation of certain nonperforming and reperforming single-family loans from HFI to HFS and a reduction in our estimate of losses we expected to incur as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The impact of those factors was partially offset by higher actual and projected interest rates. 
 See Consolidated Results of Operations Benefit (Provision) for Credit Losses for more information on the primary factors that contributed to our single-family benefit or provision for credit losses. 

Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 
 Our strategy for managing single-family mortgage credit risk consists of four primary components: 
 our acquisition and servicing policies along with our underwriting and servicing standards; 
 portfolio diversification and monitoring; 
 the transfer of credit risk through risk transfer transactions and the use of credit enhancements; and 
 management of problem loans. 
 We typically obtain our single-family credit information from the sellers or servicers of the mortgage loans in our guaranty book of business and receive representations and warranties from them as to the accuracy of the information. While we perform various quality assurance checks by sampling loans to assess compliance with our underwriting and eligibility criteria, we do not independently verify all reported information and we rely on lender representations and warranties regarding the accuracy of the characteristics of loans in our guaranty book of business. See Risk Factors for a discussion of the risk that we could experience mortgage fraud as a result of this reliance on lender representations and warranties. 
 
 Single-Family Acquisition and Servicing Policies and Underwriting and Servicing Standards 
 Overview 
 Our Single-Family business, with the oversight of our Enterprise Risk Management division, is responsible for setting underwriting and servicing standards and pricing, and managing credit risk relating to our single-family guaranty book of business. 
 Underwriting and Servicing Standards 
 The Fannie Mae Single-Family Selling Guide Selling Guide sets forth our underwriting and eligibility guidelines, as well as our policies and procedures related to selling single-family mortgages to us. Our Servicing Guide sets forth our policies for servicing the loans in our single-family guaranty book. 
 Desktop Underwriter 
 Our proprietary automated underwriting system, Desktop Underwriter DU ), is used by mortgage lenders to evaluate the substantial majority of our single-family loan acquisitions. DU measures credit risk by assessing the primary risk factors of a mortgage and provides a comprehensive risk assessment of a borrower s loan application and eligibility of the loan for sale to us. Risk factors evaluated by DU include the key loan attributes described under Single-Family Portfolio Diversification and Monitoring below. DU applies our own assessment of the borrower s credit data, including using trended credit data when available. DU analyzes the results of this risk and eligibility evaluation to arrive at the underwriting recommendation for the loan case file. As part of our comprehensive risk management approach, we periodically update DU to reflect changes to our underwriting and eligibility guidelines. As part of normal business 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 90 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 operations, we regularly review DU to determine whether its risk analysis and eligibility assessment are appropriate based on the current market environment and loan performance information. We also regularly review DU s underlying risk assessment models and recalibrate these models to improve DU s ability to effectively analyze risk and avoid excessive risk layering. Factors we take into account in these evaluations include the profile of loans delivered to us, loan performance and current market conditions. 
 Consistent with this risk management approach, in July 2022 we implemented updates to DU s risk and eligibility assessment in response to changing market conditions. These changes have resulted in a reduction in loans eligible for acquisition through DU, particularly for cash-out refinance transactions when multiple high-risk factors are present. In addition, in January 2023, we announced further updates to DU s risk and eligibility assessment that we plan to implement in late February 2023. These changes may result in a reduction in loans we acquire that have high LTV ratios and high DTI ratios when multiple high-risk factors are present. We will continue to closely monitor loan acquisitions and market conditions and, as appropriate, make changes to DU, including its eligibility criteria, to ensure that the loans we acquire are consistent with our risk appetite and mission. 
 Other Underwriting Standards 
 DU was used to evaluate over 90 of the single-family loans we acquired in 2022. However, we also purchase and securitize mortgage loans that have been underwritten using other automated underwriting systems, as well as manually underwritten mortgage loans that meet our stated underwriting requirements or meet agreed-upon standards that differ from our standard underwriting and eligibility criteria. The majority of loans we acquired in 2022 that were not underwritten with DU were underwritten through a third-party automated underwriting system, such as Freddie Mac s Loan Product Advisor . 
 Servicing Policies 
 Our servicing policies establish the requirements our servicers must follow in: 
 processing and remitting loan payments; 
 working with delinquent borrowers on loss mitigation activities; 
 managing and protecting Fannie Mae s interest in the pledged property; and 
 processing bankruptcies and foreclosures. 
 Our goal is to ensure that our policies support credit risk management over the life of the mortgage loan by enabling early delinquency outreach by servicers, promoting loss mitigation in the event of default and providing for the preservation and protection of the collateral supporting the mortgage loan. See Single-Family Primary Business Activities Single-Family Mortgage Servicing above for more information on the servicing of our single-family mortgage loans. 
 New Credit Score Models and Expected Change to Credit Report Requirement 
 Fannie Mae uses credit scores to establish a minimum credit threshold for mortgage lending, provide a foundation for risk-based pricing, and support disclosures to investors. We currently use the classic FICO Score from Fair Isaac Corporation as our credit score model, which FHFA has approved. 
 In October 2022, FHFA announced the validation and approval of two new credit score models for use by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac: the FICO Score 10 T credit score model and the VantageScore 4.0 credit score model. FHFA s announcement stated that they expect implementation of these new credit score models will be a multiyear effort. Once implemented, lenders will be required to deliver both FICO Score 10 T and VantageScore 4.0 credit scores with each loan sold to us when available, replacing the classic FICO Score model. The new models are expected to improve both the accuracy and inclusivity of borrower credit scores, including by capturing new payment histories for borrowers when available, such as rent, utilities and telecom payments. 
 FHFA also announced in October 2022 that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will work toward changing the requirement that lenders provide credit reports from all three nationwide consumer reporting agencies. Instead, we will require lenders to provide credit reports from any two of the three nationwide consumer reporting agencies. FHFA expects this change will reduce costs and encourage innovation, without introducing additional risk to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. 
 Quality Control Process 
 Our quality control process includes using automated tools to help us determine whether a loan meets our underwriting and eligibility guidelines, performing in-depth reviews, and selecting random samples of performing loans for quality control review shortly after delivery. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 91 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 Repurchase Requests and Representation and Warranty Framework 
 If we determine that a mortgage loan did not meet our Selling Guide requirements, then our mortgage sellers and/or servicers are obligated to repurchase the loan, reimburse us for our losses or provide other remedies, unless the loan is eligible for relief under our representation and warranty framework. We refer to our demands that mortgage sellers and servicers meet these obligations as repurchase requests. As of December 31, 2022, we had issued repurchase requests on approximately 0.27 of the 1.2 trillion in unpaid principal balance of single-family loans delivered to us during the twelve months ended March 31, 2022. In comparison, we had issued repurchase requests on approximately 0.21 of the 1.6 trillion in unpaid principal balance of single-family loans delivered to us during the twelve months ended March 31, 2021. 
 Our total outstanding repurchase requests as of December 31, 2022 were 783 million, compared with 757 million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, 5 of our total outstanding repurchase requests were over 180 days outstanding, compared with 4 as of December 31, 2021. The dollar amounts of our outstanding repurchase requests are based on the unpaid principal balance of the loans underlying the repurchase request, which often differs from the amount collected or reimbursed from mortgage sellers and/or servicers depending on the type of remedy agreed upon. 
 Under our representation and warranty framework, lenders can obtain relief from repurchase liability for violations of certain underwriting representations and warranties. Loans with 36 months of consecutive monthly payments and minimal delinquencies over a specified time period or with satisfactory conclusion of a full-file quality control review are eligible for relief. However, no relief may be granted for violations of life of loan representations and warranties, such as those relating to whether a loan was originated in compliance with applicable laws or conforms to our charter requirements. As of December 31, 2022, 32 of the outstanding loans in our single-family conventional guaranty book of business that were acquired and are subject to this framework have obtained relief based solely on payment history or the satisfactory conclusion of a full-file quality control review, and an additional 65 remain eligible for relief in the future. 
 In addition, lenders may obtain relief from liability for violations of a more narrow set of representations and warranties through the use of specified underwriting tools. This primarily includes relief for: 
 borrower income, asset and employment data that has been validated through DU; and 
 appraised property value for appraisals that have received a qualifying risk score in Collateral Underwriter , our appraisal review tool. 
 
 Single-Family Portfolio Diversification and Monitoring 
 Overview 
 The composition of our single-family conventional guaranty book of business is diversified by product type, loan characteristics and geography, all of which influence credit quality and performance and may reduce our credit risk. We monitor various loan attributes, in conjunction with housing market and economic conditions, to determine if our pricing, eligibility and underwriting criteria are appropriately calibrated to ensure the risk associated with loans we acquire fits within our corporate risk appetite and meets our other mission and return objectives. In some cases, we may decide to significantly reduce our participation in riskier loan product categories. We also review the payment performance of loans in order to help identify potential problem loans early in the delinquency cycle and to guide the development of our loss mitigation strategies. 
 The profile of our single-family conventional guaranty book of business includes the following key risk characteristics: 
 LTV ratio. LTV ratio is a strong predictor of credit performance. The likelihood of default and the severity of a loss in the event of default are typically lower as LTV ratio decreases. This also applies to estimated mark-to-market LTV ratios, particularly those over 100 , as this indicates that the borrower s mortgage balance exceeds the property value. 
 Product type. Certain loan product types have features that may result in increased risk. Generally, intermediate-term, fixed-rate mortgages exhibit the lowest default rates, followed by long-term, fixed-rate mortgages. Historically, adjustable-rate mortgages ARMs ), including negative-amortizing and interest-only loans, and balloon/reset mortgages have exhibited higher default rates than fixed-rate mortgages, partly because the borrower s payments rose, within limits, as interest rates changed. 
 Number of units. Mortgages on one-unit properties tend to have lower credit risk than mortgages on two-, three- or four-unit properties. 
 Property type. Certain property types have a higher risk of default. For example, condominiums generally are considered to have higher credit risk than single-family detached properties. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 92 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 Occupancy type. Mortgages on properties occupied by the borrower as a primary or secondary residence tend to have lower credit risk than mortgages on investment properties. 
 Credit score. Credit score is a measure often used by the financial services industry, including us, to assess borrower credit quality and the likelihood that a borrower will repay future obligations as expected. A higher credit score typically indicates lower credit risk. 
 DTI ratio. DTI ratio refers to the ratio of a borrower s outstanding debt obligations (including both mortgage debt and certain other long-term and significant short-term debts) to that borrower s reported or calculated monthly income, to the extent the income is used to qualify for the mortgage. As a borrower s DTI ratio increases, the associated risk of default on the loan generally increases, especially if other higher-risk factors are present. From time to time, we revise our guidelines for determining a borrower s DTI ratio. The amount of income reported by a borrower and used to qualify for a mortgage may not represent the borrower s total income; therefore, the DTI ratios we report may be higher than borrowers actual DTI ratios. 
 Loan purpose. Loan purpose refers to how the borrower intends to use the funds from a mortgage loan either for a home purchase or refinancing of an existing mortgage. Cash-out refinancings have a higher risk of default than either mortgage loans used for the purchase of a property or other refinancings that restrict the amount of cash returned to the borrower. 
 Geographic concentration. Local economic conditions affect borrowers ability to repay loans and the value of collateral underlying loans. Geographic diversification reduces mortgage credit risk. 
 Loan age. We monitor year of origination and loan age, which is defined as the number of years since origination. Credit losses on mortgage loans typically do not peak until the third through fifth year following origination; however, this range can vary based on many factors, including changes in macroeconomic conditions and foreclosure timelines. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 93 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 The following table displays our single-family conventional business volumes and our single-family conventional guaranty book of business, based on certain key risk characteristics that we use to evaluate the risk profile and credit quality of our single-family loans. 
 We provide additional information on the credit characteristics of our single-family loans in quarterly financial supplements, which we furnish to the SEC with current reports on Form 8-K and make available on our website. Information in our quarterly financial supplements is not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 Key Risk Characteristics of Single-Family Conventional Business Volume and Guaranty Book of Business (1) 
 Percent of Single-Family Conventional Business Volume at Acquisition (2) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 Percent of Single-Family Conventional Guaranty Book of Business (3) 
 As of December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Original LTV ratio: (4) 
 = 740 62 69 73 66 66 64 Total 100 100 100 100 100 100 Weighted average 747 756 760 752 753 750 DTI ratio at origination: (7) 
 MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 Percent of Single-Family Conventional Business Volume at Acquisition (2) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 Percent of Single-Family Conventional Guaranty Book of Business (3) 
 As of December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Product type: Fixed-rate: (8) 
 Long-term 90 83 85 86 84 85 Intermediate-term 9 16 15 13 15 14 Total fixed-rate 99 99 100 99 99 99 Adjustable-rate 1 1 1 1 1 Total 100 100 100 100 100 100 Number of property units: 1 unit 98 98 98 98 97 97 2-4 units 2 2 2 2 3 3 Total 100 100 100 100 100 100 Property type: Single-family homes 91 91 92 91 91 91 Condo/Co-op 9 9 8 9 9 9 Total 100 100 100 100 100 100 Occupancy type: Primary residence 91 92 92 91 90 90 Second/vacation home 3 3 4 3 4 4 Investor 6 5 4 6 6 6 Total 100 100 100 100 100 100 Loan purpose: 
 Purchase 62 33 30 40 36 38 Cash-out refinance 25 24 19 22 21 20 Other refinance 13 43 51 38 43 42 Total 100 100 100 100 100 100 Geographic concentration: (9) 
 Midwest 13 13 14 14 14 14 Northeast 13 14 12 16 16 17 Southeast 26 22 21 23 23 22 Southwest 23 19 20 19 18 19 West 25 32 33 28 29 28 Total 100 100 100 100 100 100 Origination year: 2016 and prior 19 23 38 2017 3 4 7 2018 2 3 6 2019 5 6 11 2020 25 30 38 2021 32 34 2022 14 Total 100 100 100 
 Represents less than 0.5 of single-family conventional business volume or guaranty book of business. 
 (1) Second-lien mortgage loans held by third parties are not reflected in the original LTV or the estimated mark-to-market LTV ratios in this table. 
 (2) Calculated based on the unpaid principal balance of single-family loans for each category at time of acquisition. 
 (3) Calculated based on the aggregate unpaid principal balance of single-family loans for each category divided by the aggregate unpaid principal balance of loans in our single-family conventional guaranty book of business as of the end of each period. 
 (4) The original LTV ratio generally is based on the original unpaid principal balance of the loan divided by the appraised property value reported to us at the time of acquisition of the loan. Excludes loans for which this information is not readily available. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 95 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 (5) The aggregate estimated mark-to-market LTV ratio is based on the unpaid principal balance of the loan as of the end of each reported period divided by the estimated current value of the property, which we calculate using an internal valuation model that estimates periodic changes in home value. Excludes loans for which this information is not readily available. 
 (6) Loans with unavailable FICO credit scores represent less than 0.5 of single-family conventional business volume or guaranty book of business, and therefore are not presented separately in this table. 
 (7) Excludes loans for which this information is not readily available. 
 (8) Long-term fixed-rate consists of mortgage loans with maturities greater than 15 years, while intermediate-term fixed-rate loans have maturities equal to or less than 15 years. 
 (9) Midwest consists of IL, IN, IA, MI, MN, NE, ND, OH, SD and WI. Northeast consists of CT, DE, ME, MA, NH, NJ, NY, PA, PR, RI, VT and VI. Southeast consists of AL, DC, FL, GA, KY, MD, MS, NC, SC, TN, VA and WV. Southwest consists of AZ, AR, CO, KS, LA, MO, NM, OK, TX and UT. West consists of AK, CA, GU, HI, ID, MT, NV, OR, WA and WY. 
 Characteristics of our New Single-Family Loan Acquisitions 
 Refinancing activity was significantly lower in 2022 compared with 2021 levels as the rise in interest rates resulted in fewer borrowers who could benefit from refinancing. Accordingly, the share of our single-family loan acquisitions consisting of refinance loans (versus home purchase loans) decreased to 38 in 2022 compared with 67 in 2021. Typically, home purchase loans have higher LTV ratios than refinance loans. This trend contributed to an increase in the percentage of our single-family loan acquisitions with LTV ratios over 80 , from 21 in 2021 to 32 in 2022. The decline in refinance share also contributed to a decline in the percentage of loans we acquired with a FICO credit score of 740 or greater, from 69 in 2021 to 62 in 2022. In addition, our acquisitions of loans from first-time home buyers increased from 16 of our single-family loan acquisitions in 2021 to 29 in 2022. 
 Our share of acquisitions of loans with DTI ratios above 45 increased to 22 in 2022 compared with 15 in 2021. This increase was driven by the higher share of home purchase acquisitions, which tend to have higher DTI ratios than refinance loan acquisitions. It also reflects the impact of higher interest rates and inflation on borrowers monthly obligations. 
 The credit profile of our future acquisitions will depend on many factors, including: 
 our future guaranty fee pricing and our competitors pricing, and any impact of that pricing on the volume and mix of loans we acquire; 
 our internal risk limits; 
 our future eligibility standards and those of mortgage insurers, FHA and VA; 
 the percentage of loan originations representing refinancings; 
 changes in interest rates; 
 our future objectives and activities in support of those objectives, including actions we may take to reach additional underserved creditworthy borrowers; 
 government and regulatory policy; 
 market and competitive conditions; and 
 our capital requirements. 
 We expect the ultimate performance of our loans will be affected by borrower behavior, public policy and macroeconomic trends, including unemployment, the economy and home prices. In addition, if lenders retain more of the higher-quality loans they originate, it could negatively affect the credit profile of our new single-family acquisitions. 
 High-Balance Loans 
 The standard conforming loan limit for a one-unit property was 548,250 for 2021, 647,200 for 2022 and increased to 726,200 for 2023. As we discuss in Business Our Mission, Strategy and Charter Our Charter, we are permitted to acquire loans with higher balances in certain areas, which we refer to as high-balance loans. 
 The following table displays the amount of high-balance loans in our single-family conventional guaranty book of business. Single-Family High-Balance Loans As of December 31, 2022 2021 Unpaid principal balance (in billions) 237.3 237.6 Percentage of single-family conventional guaranty book of business 7 7 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 96 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 Adjustable-Rate Mortgages 
 ARMs are mortgage loans with an interest rate that adjusts periodically over the life of the mortgage based on changes in a specified index. The table below displays the unpaid principal balance for ARMs in our single-family conventional guaranty book of business by the year of their next scheduled contractual reset date. The contractual reset is either an adjustment to the loan s interest rate or a scheduled change to the loan s monthly payment to begin to reflect the payment of principal. The timing of the actual reset dates may differ from those presented due to a number of factors, including refinancing or exercising of other provisions within the terms of the mortgage. Single-Family Adjustable-Rate Mortgages (1) 
 Reset Year 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total (Dollars in millions) ARMs (2) 
 13,441 1,296 973 1,661 2,865 10,911 31,147 
 (1) Excludes loans for which there is not an additional reset for the remaining life of the loan. 
 (2) Includes 3.5 billion of interest-only and negative-amortizing loans. We have not acquired interest-only loans since 2014, and we have not acquired negative-amortizing loans since 2007. 
 
 Single-Family Credit Enhancement and Transfer of Mortgage Credit Risk 
 One of the key components of our credit risk management strategy is the transfer of mortgage credit risk to third parties. The table below displays information about the loans in our single-family conventional guaranty book of business covered by one or more forms of credit enhancement, including mortgage insurance or a credit risk transfer transaction. Our approved monoline mortgage insurers financial ability and willingness to pay claims is an important determinant of our overall credit risk exposure. For a discussion of our exposure to and management of the counterparty credit risk associated with the providers of these credit enhancements, see Risk Management Institutional Counterparty Credit Risk Management and Note 13, Concentrations of Credit Risk. Single-Family Loans with Credit Enhancement As of December 31, 2022 2021 Unpaid Principal Balance Percentage of Single-Family Conventional Guaranty Book of Business Unpaid Principal Balance Percentage of Single-Family Conventional Guaranty Book of Business (Dollars in billions) Primary mortgage insurance and other 754 21 697 20 Connecticut Avenue Securities 726 20 512 14 Credit Insurance Risk Transfer 323 9 168 5 Lender risk-sharing 57 2 70 2 Less: Loans covered by multiple credit enhancements (351) (10) (253) (7) Total single-family loans with credit enhancement 1,509 42 1,194 34 
 Mortgage Insurance 
 Our charter generally requires credit enhancement on any single-family conventional mortgage loan that we purchase or securitize if it has an LTV ratio over 80 at the time of acquisition. We generally achieve this through primary mortgage insurance. Primary mortgage insurance transfers varying portions of the credit risk associated with a mortgage loan to a third-party insurer. For us to receive a payment in settlement of a claim under a primary mortgage insurance policy, the insured loan must be in default and the borrower s interest in the property securing the loan must have been extinguished, generally in a foreclosure action, short sale or a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. Claims are generally paid three to six months after title to the property has been transferred. For a discussion of our policies that govern mortgage insurers claim-paying obligations to us, see Risk Management Institutional Counterparty Credit Risk Management. 
 Credit Risk Transfer Transactions 
 Our Single-Family business has developed other risk-sharing capabilities to transfer portions of our single-family mortgage credit risk to the private market. Our credit risk transfer transactions are designed to transfer a portion of the losses we expect would be incurred in an economic downturn or a stressed credit environment. Generally, loss reimbursement payments are received after the underlying property has been liquidated and all applicable proceeds, 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 97 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 including private mortgage insurance benefits, have been applied to reduce the loss. We continually evaluate our credit risk transfer transactions which, in addition to managing our credit risk, also affect our returns on capital. 
 In March 2022, FHFA published a final rule amending the enterprise regulatory capital framework. Among other changes, the amendment refined the risk-based capital treatment of credit risk transfer transactions. These changes to the enterprise regulatory capital framework increase the capital relief afforded by credit risk transfer transactions. 
 In 2022, we transferred a portion of the mortgage credit risk on single-family mortgage loans with an unpaid principal balance of 535.4 billion at the time of the transactions; substantially all of the loans in these credit risk transfer transactions were acquired in 2021. The rise in interest rates throughout 2022, increased macroeconomic and housing market uncertainty, and the increased issuance of credit risk transfer transactions from Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and mortgage insurers throughout much of 2022 has negatively impacted investor demand and reinsurer capacity for our credit risk transfer transactions. As a result, investors have required increased premiums in our more recent credit risk transfer transactions. Taking into account the increasing cost of these transactions, the resulting capital relief, and the credit risk transfer market capacity, we have chosen to increase the first loss position retained by Fannie Mae compared with prior transactions. 
 The factors that we expect will affect the extent to which we engage in single-family credit risk transfer transactions in the future and the structure of those transactions include our risk appetite, future market conditions, the cost of the transactions, FHFA guidance or requirements (including FHFA s scorecard), the capital relief provided by the transactions, and our overall business and capital plans. 
 Categories of Our Credit Risk Transfer Transactions Transaction Description Other Key Characteristics CAS Debt We transferred to investors a portion of the mortgage credit risk associated with losses on a reference pool of mortgage loans. 
 We created a reference pool consisting of recently acquired single-family mortgage loans included in our guaranty book of business and create a hypothetical securitization structure with notional credit risk positions, or tranches (that is, first loss, mezzanine and senior). 
 CAS debt was issued related to the first loss, mezzanine and senior loss risk positions. 
 We retained the senior loss and all or a portion of the first loss tranche in CAS transactions. In addition, we retained a pro rata share of risk equal to approximately 5 of all notes sold in mezzanine tranches. 
 CAS debt is recognized as debt of Fannie Mae in our consolidated balance sheets. CAS debt issued to investors beginning January 2016 through October 2018 is recognized at amortized cost. CAS debt we issued prior to 2016 is recognized at fair value. 
 
 We stopped issuing this form of CAS in October 2018. 
 The principal balance of CAS debt decreases as a result of credit losses on loans in the related reference pool. These write downs of the principal balance reduce the total amount of payments we are obligated to make to investors on the CAS debt. 
 Credit losses on the loans in the reference pool for a CAS transaction are first applied to reduce the outstanding principal balance of the first loss tranche. 
 If credit losses on these loans exceed the outstanding principal balance of the first loss tranche, losses would then be applied to reduce the outstanding principal balance of the mezzanine loss tranche. 
 Generally issued with a stated final maturity date of either 10 or 12.5 years from issuance. 
 After maturity, CAS debt provides no further credit protection with respect to the remaining loans in the reference pool underlying that CAS transaction. 
 Significant lag exists between the time when we recognize a provision for credit losses and when we recognize the related recovery from the CAS transaction. 
 Presents minimal counterparty risk as we receive the proceeds that would reimburse us for certain credit events on the related loans upon the issuance of CAS. 
 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 98 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 Transaction Description Other Key Characteristics CAS REMIC CAS REMIC transactions are similar to CAS debt transactions, with some key differences: 
 CAS REMIC offerings are structured as notes that qualify as interests in a REMIC issued by a non-consolidated trust, not as corporate debt, but we obtain credit protection through arrangements that we execute with the trust. 
 We recognize the cost of credit protection in Credit enhancement expense in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 We recognize the expected benefits from the credit protection in Change in expected credit enhancement recoveries in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 CAS REMICs have characteristics similar to CAS debt transactions, with some key differences: 
 Enables expanded participation by real estate investment trusts and certain international investors. 
 Aligns the timing of our recognition of credit losses with the related recovery from CAS REMIC transactions. We record the expected benefit and the loss in the same period. 
 Beginning with our July 2019 issuances: extended the stated final maturity date from 12.5 to 20 years from issuance, shortened the call option from 10 years to 7 years; and retained a smaller first loss position. These updates were primarily designed to further reduce the capital requirements associated with loans in the reference pool. 
 Presents minimal counterparty risk as the CAS trust receives the proceeds that will reimburse us for certain credit events on the related loans upon the issuance of the CAS REMIC. 
 CAS Credit-linked notes CLN CAS CLN transactions are similar to CAS REMIC transactions, with some key differences: 
 In December 2019 we began offering CAS CLNs in addition to CAS REMICs. CAS CLNs allow us to obtain credit protection on reference pools containing seasoned loans such as Refi Plus TM loans. 
 Since the loans used in our CAS CLNs were not tagged for use in a REMIC transaction at the time of acquisition, CAS CLNs do not qualify as interests in a REMIC. Since May 2018, we have taken a REMIC election on the majority of single-family loans we acquire. 
 CAS CLNs do not provide as broad of a range of investor participation as CAS REMICs. 
 CIRT Insurance transactions whereby we obtain actual loss coverage on pools of loans either directly from an insurance provider that retains the risk, or from an insurance provider that simultaneously cedes all of its risk to one or more reinsurers. 
 In CIRT deals, we generally retain an initial portion of losses on the loans in the pool (for example the first 0.4 of the initial pool unpaid principal balance). Reinsurers cover losses above this retention amount up to a detachment point (for example the next 3.0 of the initial pool unpaid principal balance). We retain all losses above this detachment point. 
 We make premium payments on CIRT deals that we recognize in Credit enhancement expense in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 The insurance layer typically provides coverage for losses on the pool that are likely to occur only in a stressed economic environment. 
 Insurance benefits are received after the underlying property has been liquidated and all applicable proceeds, including private mortgage insurance benefits, have been applied to the loss. 
 A portion of the insurers or reinsurers obligations is collateralized with highly-rated liquid assets held in a trust account initially determined according to the ratings of such insurer or reinsurer. Contractual provisions require additional collateral to be posted in the event of adverse developments with the counterparty, such as a ratings downgrade. 
 Generally written for 10 or 12-1/2 year terms. 
 Lender risk-sharing Customized lender risk-sharing transactions. 
 In most transactions, lenders invest directly in a portion of the credit risk on mortgage loans they originate and/or service. 
 Transactions are generally structured so that a portion of the credit risk on the underlying mortgage loans is shared without increasing our counterparty exposure. 

Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 99 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 The table below displays the aggregate mortgage credit risk transferred to third parties and retained by Fannie Mae pursuant to our single-family credit risk transfer transactions. The table does not include the credit risk transferred on single-family transactions that were cancelled or terminated as of December 31, 2022. The table below also excludes coverage obtained through primary mortgage insurance. 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 (Dollars in billions) 
 Senior Fannie Mae (1) 
 Outstanding Reference Pool (4)(6) 
 1,058 Mezzanine Fannie Mae (1) 
 CIRT (2)(3) 
 CAS (2) 
 Lender Risk-Sharing (2) 
 6 12 10 4 1,113 First Loss Fannie Mae (1) 
 CAS (2)(5) 
 Lender Risk-Sharing (2) 
 11 10 2 
 (1) Credit risk retained by Fannie Mae in CAS, CIRT and lender risk-sharing transactions. Tranche sizes vary across programs. 
 (2) Credit risk transferred to third parties. Tranche sizes vary across programs. 
 (3) Includes mortgage pool insurance transactions covering loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of approximately 1.3 billion outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) For CIRT and some lender risk-sharing transactions, Reference Pool reflects a pool of covered loans. 
 (5) For CAS transactions, First Loss represents all B tranche balances. 
 (6) For CAS and some lender risk-sharing transactions, represents outstanding reference pools, not the outstanding unpaid principal balance of the underlying loans. The outstanding unpaid principal balance for all loans covered by credit risk transfer programs, including all loans on which risk has been transferred in lender risk-sharing transactions, was 1,106 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 We have designed our credit risk transfer transactions so that the principal payment and loss performance of the transactions correspond to the performance of the loans in the underlying reference pools. Losses are applied in reverse sequential order starting with the first loss tranche. Principal repayments may be allocated to reduce the mezzanine amounts outstanding; however, these payments may be subject to certain lock-out periods and performance triggers in order to build additional credit protection for the senior tranches retained by us. For CAS transactions, all principal payments and losses assigned to the mezzanine tranches are allocated pro rata between the sold notes and the portion we retain, when performance is above a certain threshold. 
 While these deals are expected to mitigate some of our potential future credit losses (generally net of any proceeds received from front-end credit enhancements, such as primary mortgage insurance), these deals are not designed to shield us from all losses. We retain a portion of the risk of future credit losses on loans covered by CAS and CIRT transactions, including all or a portion of the first loss positions and all of the senior loss positions. In addition, on our CAS transactions, we retain a pro rata share of risk equal to approximately 5 of all notes sold in mezzanine tranches. The risk in force of these transactions, which refers to the maximum amount of losses that could be absorbed by credit risk transfer investors, was approximately 38 billion as of December 31, 2022, compared with approximately 35 billion as of December 31, 2021. 
 Our credit risk transfer transactions issued prior to 2021 were impacted by high levels of refinancing activity. As a result, the losses on the remaining covered reference pools must generally be higher before we would receive a benefit from those credit risk transfer transactions. In addition, home price appreciation since we entered into the transactions reduces the likelihood that we will incur losses on the covered loans large enough to receive a benefit from these transactions. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 47 of the outstanding risk in force of our single-family credit risk transfer transactions was from transactions issued prior to 2021. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 100 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 The following table displays information about the credit enhancement recovery receivables we have recognized within Other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. The increase in our single-family freestanding credit enhancement receivables as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, was primarily a result of an increase in our estimate of credit losses in 2022. As our estimate for credit losses increases, so does the benefit we expect to receive from our freestanding credit enhancements. 
 Single-Family Credit Enhancement Receivables 
 As of December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in millions) Freestanding credit enhancement receivables 565 99 Primary mortgage insurance receivables, net of allowance (1) 
 53 54 
 (1) Amount is net of a valuation allowance of 462 million and 479 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The vast majority of this valuation allowance related to deferred payment obligations associated with unpaid claim amounts for which collectability is uncertain. 
 The following table displays the approximate cash paid or transferred to investors for credit risk transfer transactions. The cash represents the portion of the guaranty fee paid to investors as compensation for taking on a share of the credit risk. Credit Risk Transfer Transactions For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash paid or transferred for: (Dollars in millions) CAS transactions (1) 
 882 812 CIRT transactions 325 264 Lender risk-sharing transactions 154 244 
 (1) Consists of cash paid for interest expense net of LIBOR or SOFR, as applicable, on outstanding CAS debt and amounts paid for both CAS REMIC and CAS CLN transactions. 
 Cash paid or transferred to investors for CIRT transactions includes cancellation fees paid on certain CIRT transactions where we determined that the cost of these deals exceeded the expected remaining benefit. The table excludes cash paid upon the repurchase of legacy CAS debt. In 2022, we paid 4.0 billion to repurchase a portion of our outstanding CAS debt. 
 The following table displays the primary characteristics of the loans in our single-family conventional guaranty book of business without credit enhancement. Single-Family Loans Currently without Credit Enhancement As of December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Unpaid Principal Balance Percentage of Single-Family Conventional Guaranty Book of Business Unpaid Principal Balance Percentage of Single-Family Conventional Guaranty Book of Business (Dollars in billions) Low LTV ratio or short-term (1) 
 1,171 32 1,167 34 Pre-credit risk transfer program inception (2) 
 265 7 324 9 Recently acquired (3) 
 403 11 983 28 Other (4) 
 669 18 565 16 Less: Loans in multiple categories (382) (10) (750) (21) Total single-family loans currently without credit enhancement 2,126 58 2,289 66 
 (1) Represents loans with an LTV ratio less than or equal to 60 or loans with an original maturity of 20 years or less. 
 (2) Represents loans that were acquired before the inception of our credit risk transfer programs. Also includes Refi Plus loans. 
 (3) Represents loans that were recently acquired and have not been included in a reference pool. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 101 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 (4) Includes adjustable-rate mortgage loans, loans with a combined LTV ratio greater than 97 , non-Refi Plus loans acquired after the inception of our credit risk transfer programs that became 30 or more days delinquent prior to inclusion in a credit risk transfer transaction, and loans that were delinquent as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 Single-Family Problem Loan Management 
 Overview 
 Our problem loan management strategies focus primarily on reducing defaults to avoid losses that would otherwise occur and pursuing foreclosure alternatives to mitigate the severity of the losses we incur. If a borrower does not make required payments, or is in jeopardy of not making payments, we work with the loan servicer to offer workout solutions to minimize the likelihood of foreclosure as well as the severity of loss. When appropriate, we seek to move to foreclosure expeditiously. 
 Below we describe the following: 
 delinquency statistics on our problem loans; 
 efforts undertaken to manage our problem loans, including the role of servicers in loss mitigation, forbearance plans, loan workouts, and sales of nonperforming and reperforming loans; 
 metrics regarding our loan workout activities; 
 REO management; and 
 other single-family credit-related information, including our credit loss performance and credit loss concentration metrics. 
 We also provide ongoing credit performance information on loans underlying single-family Fannie Mae MBS and loans covered by single-family credit risk transfer transactions. For loans backing Fannie Mae MBS, see the Forbearance and Delinquency Dashboard available in the MBS section of our Data Dynamics tool, which is available at www.fanniemae.com/datadynamics. For loans covered by credit risk transfer transactions, see the Deal Performance Data report available in the CAS and CIRT sections of the tool. Information on our website is not incorporated into this report. Information in Data Dynamics may differ from similar measures presented in our financial statements and other public disclosures for a variety of reasons, including as a result of variations in the loan population covered, timing differences in reporting and other factors. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 102 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 Delinquency 
 The tables below display the delinquency status of loans and changes in the volume of seriously delinquent loans in our single-family conventional guaranty book of business based on the number of loans. Single-family seriously delinquent loans are loans that are 90 days or more past due or in the foreclosure process, expressed as a percentage of our single-family conventional guaranty book of business based on loan count. Management monitors the single-family serious delinquency rate as an indicator of potential future credit losses and loss mitigation activities. Serious delinquency rates are reflective of our performance in assessing and managing credit risk associated with single-family loans in our guaranty book of business. Typically, higher serious delinquency rates result in a higher allowance for loan losses. 
 For purposes of our disclosures regarding delinquency status, we report loans receiving COVID-19-related payment forbearance as delinquent according to the contractual terms of the loan. Pursuant to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), for purposes of reporting to the credit bureaus, servicers must report a borrower receiving a COVID-19-related payment accommodation during the covered period, such as a forbearance plan or loan modification, as current if the borrower was current prior to receiving the accommodation and the borrower makes all required payments in accordance with the accommodation. Delinquency Status and Activity of Single-Family Conventional Loans As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Delinquency status: 30 to 59 days delinquent 0.96 0.86 1.02 60 to 89 days delinquent 0.23 0.20 0.36 Seriously delinquent SDQ ): 0.65 1.25 2.87 Percentage of SDQ loans that have been delinquent for more than 180 days 55 75 67 Percentage of SDQ loans that have been delinquent for more than two years 16 9 3 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Single-family SDQ loans (number of loans): Beginning balance 218,329 495,806 112,434 Additions 171,437 232,411 833,719 Removals: Modifications and other loan workouts (164,707) (328,165) (246,524) Liquidations and sales (46,476) (86,020) (58,019) Cured or less than 90 days delinquent (63,623) (95,703) (145,804) Total removals (274,806) (509,888) (450,347) Ending balance 
 114,960 218,329 495,806 
 Our single-family serious delinquency rate decreased in 2022 compared with 2021 and 2020 as a result of single-family borrowers exiting forbearance through a loan workout or by otherwise reinstating their loan. As of December 31, 2022, single-family loans in forbearance comprised 28 of our single-family seriously delinquent loans compared with 36 as of December 31, 2021, and 78 as of December 31, 2020. 
 Factors that affect our single-family serious delinquency rate include: 
 the percentage of our loans that receive forbearance and the length of time they remain in forbearance; 
 the pace and effectiveness of payment deferrals, loan modifications and other workouts; 
 the timing and volume of nonperforming loan sales we execute; 
 pandemics and natural disasters; 
 servicer performance; and 
 changes in home prices, unemployment levels and other macroeconomic conditions. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 103 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 The table below displays the serious delinquency rates for, and the percentage of our seriously delinquent single-family conventional loans represented by, the specified loan categories. Percentage of book amounts represent the unpaid principal balance of loans for each category divided by the unpaid principal balance of our total single-family conventional guaranty book of business. The reported categories are not mutually exclusive. Single-Family Conventional Seriously Delinquent Loan Concentration Analysis As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Percentage of Book Outstanding Percentage of Seriously Delinquent Loans (1) 
 Serious Delinquency Rate Percentage of Book Outstanding Percentage of Seriously Delinquent Loans (1) 
 Serious Delinquency Rate Percentage of Book Outstanding Percentage of Seriously Delinquent Loans (1) 
 Serious Delinquency Rate States: California 19 9 0.46 19 11 1.01 19 12 2.62 Florida 6 9 0.90 6 8 1.59 6 9 4.17 Illinois 3 5 0.86 3 5 1.55 3 5 3.10 New Jersey 3 4 0.85 3 5 1.90 3 5 4.57 New York 5 7 1.12 5 7 2.24 5 7 4.79 All other states 64 66 0.62 64 64 1.16 64 62 2.59 Vintages: 2008 and prior 2 23 2.78 3 24 4.90 4 24 8.39 2009-2022 98 77 0.53 97 76 1.01 96 76 2.39 Estimated mark-to-market LTV ratio: MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 Forbearance Plans 
 A forbearance plan is a short-term loss mitigation option which grants a period of time (typically in 6-month increments and generally do not exceed a total of 12 months) during which the borrower s monthly payment obligations are reduced or suspended. Borrowers may exit a forbearance plan by repaying all past due amounts to fully reinstate the loan, paying off the loan in full, or entering into another loss mitigation option, such as a repayment plan, a payment deferral, or a loan modification. The vast majority of forbearance plans offered since 2020 relate to a COVID-19-related financial hardship where we have authorized our servicers to offer a forbearance plan for up to 18 months for eligible borrowers. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unpaid principal balance of single-family loans in forbearance was 11.9 billion compared with 23.6 billion as of December 31, 2021. The percentage of loans in our single-family conventional guaranty book of business in forbearance has declined to 0.3 as of December 31, 2022 compared with 0.7 as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, 62 of the single-family loans in forbearance were seriously delinquent compared with 66 as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Loan Workout Metrics 
 As a part of our credit risk management efforts, loan workouts represent actions we take to help reinstate loans to current status and help homeowners stay in their home or to otherwise avoid foreclosure. Our loan workouts reflect various types of home retention solutions, including repayment plans, payment deferrals, and loan modifications. Our loan workouts also include foreclosure alternatives, such as short sales and deeds-in-lieu of foreclosure. 
 We work with our servicers to implement our home retention solution and foreclosure alternative initiatives, and we emphasize the importance of early contact with borrowers and early entry into a home retention solution. We require that servicers first evaluate borrowers for eligibility under a workout option before considering foreclosure. The existence of a second lien may limit our ability to provide borrowers with loan workout options, particularly those that are part of our foreclosure prevention efforts; however, we are not required to contact a second lien holder to obtain their approval prior to providing a borrower with a loan modification. 
 Home Retention Solutions 
 When a borrower cannot bring the loan current by reinstating the loan or through a repayment plan, we use our payment deferral and loan modification workout options to help resolve the loan s delinquency. A payment deferral is a loss mitigation option which defers the repayment of the delinquent principal and interest payments and other eligible default-related amounts that were advanced on behalf of the borrower by converting them into a non-interest-bearing balance due at the earlier of the payoff date, the maturity date, or sale or transfer of the property. The remaining mortgage terms, interest rate, payment schedule, and maturity date remain unchanged, and no trial period is required. The number of months of payments deferred varies based on the types of hardships the borrower is facing. 
 Our loan modifications include the following concessions: 
 capitalization of past due amounts, a form of payment delay, which capitalizes interest and other eligible default related amounts that were advanced on behalf of the borrower that are past due into the unpaid principal balance; and 
 a term extension, which typically extends the contractual maturity date of the loan to 40 years from the effective date of the modification. 
 In addition to these concessions, loan modifications may also include an interest rate reduction, which reduces the contractual interest rate of the loan, or a principal forbearance, which is another form of payment delay that includes forbearing repayment of a portion of the principal balance as a non-interest bearing amount that is due at the earlier of the payoff date, the maturity date, or sale or transfer of the property. 
 Our primary loan modification program is currently the Flex Modification program, which offers payment relief for eligible borrowers. 
 Foreclosure Alternatives 
 We offer foreclosure alternatives for borrowers who are unable to retain their homes. Foreclosure alternatives may be more appropriate if the borrower has experienced a significant adverse change in financial condition due to events such as long-term unemployment or reduced income, divorce, or unexpected issues like medical bills, and is therefore no longer able to make the required mortgage payments. To avoid foreclosure and satisfy the first-lien mortgage obligation, our servicers work with a borrower to: 
 accept a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, whereby the borrower voluntarily signs over the title to their property to the servicer; or 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 105 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 sell the home prior to foreclosure in a short sale, whereby the borrower sells the home for less than the full amount owed to Fannie Mae under the mortgage loan. 
 These alternatives are designed to reduce our credit losses while helping borrowers avoid having to go through a foreclosure. We work to obtain the highest price possible for the properties sold in short sales. 
 In the event there is a covered loss after the borrower defaults and title to the property is subsequently transferred through a foreclosure, short-sale, or a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, we may be entitled to proceeds from primary mortgage insurance. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we received 89 million of mortgage insurance proceeds related to covered losses compared with 127 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 279 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. For more information about how mortgage insurance claims are paid, as well as a description of our other credit enhancement programs, see Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management Single-Family Credit Enhancement and Transfer of Mortgage Credit Risk. For a discussion of our policies that govern mortgage insurers claim-paying obligations to us, see Risk Management Institutional Counterparty Credit Risk Management. 
 The chart below displays the unpaid principal balance of our completed single-family loan workouts by type, as well as the number of loan workouts. This table does not include loans in an active forbearance arrangement, trial modifications, loans to certain borrowers who have received bankruptcy relief and repayment plans that have been initiated but not completed. 
 
 (1) There were approximately 15,800 loans, 39,100 loans and 14,400 loans in a trial modification period that was not yet complete as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Other was 313 million, 866 million and 1.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Includes repayment plans and foreclosure alternatives. Repayment plans reflect only those plans associated with loans that were 60 days or more delinquent. 
 The overall decline in loan workout activity was primarily driven by fewer outstanding COVID-19-related forbearances during 2022 compared with 2021 and 2020. The total amount of principal and interest deferred to the end of the loan term for single-family loans that received a payment deferral was 990 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 599 million was deferred interest. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the total amount of principal and interest deferred was 3.9 billion, of which 2.4 billion was deferred interest. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the total amount of principal and interest deferred was 1.5 billion, of which 928 million was deferred interest. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 106 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 The table below displays the percentage of our single-family loan modifications completed during 2021 and 2020 that were current or paid off one year after modification and, for modifications completed during 2020, two years after modification. Percentage of Single-Family Completed Loan Modifications That Were Current or Paid Off at One and Two Years Post-Modification 2021 Modifications 2020 Modifications Q4 Q3 Q2 Q1 Q4 Q3 Q2 Q1 One Year Post-Modification 88 90 91 92 93 94 71 65 Two Years Post-Modification 96 97 82 80 
 Nonperforming and Reperforming Loan Sales 
 We also undertake efforts to mitigate credit losses and manage our problem loans by selling our nonperforming and reperforming loans, thereby removing them from our guaranty book of business. This problem loan management strategy is intended to reduce: the number of seriously-delinquent loans, the severity of losses incurred on these loans, and the capital we would be required to hold for such loans. During 2022, we sold approximately 8,200 nonperforming loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of 1.4 billion and approximately 29,700 reperforming loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of 5.0 billion. During 2021, we sold approximately 18,300 nonperforming loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of 3.2 billion and approximately 94,400 reperforming loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of 13.6 billion. 
 In February 2023, FHFA instructed us to put sales of nonperforming and reperforming loans on hold until further notice. FHFA is currently assessing our nonperforming and reperforming loan sale program. 
 
 REO Management 
 If a loan defaults, we may acquire the property through foreclosure or a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. The table below displays our REO activity by region. Regional REO acquisition trends generally follow a pattern that is similar to, but lags, that of regional delinquency trends. Single-Family REO Properties For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Single-family REO properties (number of properties): Beginning of period inventory of single-family REO properties (1) 
 7,166 7,973 17,501 Acquisitions by geographic area: (2) 
 Midwest 1,606 1,166 1,507 Northeast 1,049 1,077 1,237 Southeast 1,136 1,076 1,859 Southwest 768 570 1,021 West 322 231 433 Total REO acquisitions (1) 
 4,881 4,120 6,057 Dispositions of REO (3,268) (4,927) (15,585) End of period inventory of single-family REO properties (1) 
 8,779 7,166 7,973 Carrying value of single-family REO properties (dollars in millions) 1,293 959 1,149 Single-family foreclosure rate (3) 
 0.03 0.02 0.04 REO net sales price to unpaid principal balance (4) 
 114 111 88 Short sales net sales price to unpaid principal balance (5) 
 91 84 81 
 (1) Includes held-for-use properties, which are reported in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of Other assets. 
 (2) See footnote 9 to the Key Risk Characteristics of Single-Family Conventional Business Volume and Guaranty Book of Business table for states included in each geographic region. 
 (3) Reflects the total number of properties acquired through foreclosure or deeds-in-lieu of foreclosure as a percentage of the total number of loans in our single-family conventional guaranty book of business as of the end of each period. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 107 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 (4) Calculated as the amount of sale proceeds received on disposition of REO properties during the respective periods, excluding those subject to repurchase requests made to our sellers or servicers, divided by the aggregate unpaid principal balance of the related loans at the time of foreclosure. Net sales price represents the contract sales price less selling costs for the property and other charges paid by the seller at closing. 
 (5) Calculated as the amount of sale proceeds received on properties sold in short sale transactions during the respective periods divided by the aggregate unpaid principal balance of the related loans. Net sales price includes borrower relocation incentive payments and subordinate lien(s) negotiated payoffs. 
 We market and sell the majority of our foreclosed properties through local real estate professionals. Our primary objectives for our REO inventory are to facilitate equitable and sustainable access to homeownership, quality affordable rental housing, and housing for owner occupant and community-minded purchasers, while obtaining the highest price possible. In some cases, we use alternative methods of disposition, including selling homes to municipalities, other public entities or non-profit organizations, and selling properties through public auctions. We also engage in third-party sales at foreclosure, which allow us to avoid maintenance and other REO expenses we would have incurred had we acquired the property. 
 In April 2022, FHFA announced a suspension of foreclosure activities for up to 60 days for borrowers who apply for assistance under Treasury s Homeowner Assistance Fund. 
 As shown in the chart below, the majority of our REO properties are unable to be marketed at any given time because the properties are occupied, under repair, or are subject to state or local redemption or confirmation periods, which delays the marketing and disposition of these properties. 

Other Single-Family Credit Information 
 Single-Family Credit Loss Performance Metrics and Loan Sale Performance 
 The single-family credit loss performance metrics and loan sale performance measures below present information about losses or gains we realized on our single-family loans during the periods presented. The amount of these losses or gains in a given period is driven by foreclosures, pre-foreclosure sales, post-foreclosure REO activity, mortgage loan redesignations, and other events that trigger write-offs and recoveries. The single-family credit loss metrics we present are not defined terms and may not be calculated in the same manner as similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Management uses these measures to evaluate the effectiveness of our single-family credit risk management strategies in conjunction with leading indicators such as serious delinquency and forbearance rates, which are potential indicators of future realized single-family credit losses. We believe these measures provide useful information about our single-family credit performance and the factors that impact it. 
 Because sales of nonperforming and reperforming loans have been a part of our credit loss mitigation strategy in recent periods, we also provide information in the table below on our loan sale performance through the Gains (losses) on sales and other valuation adjustments line item. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 108 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 The table below displays the components of our single-family credit loss performance metrics and loan sale performance. Single-Family Credit Loss Performance Metrics and Loan Sale Performance For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in millions) Write-offs (211) (51) (177) Recoveries 288 430 111 Foreclosed property expense (55) (14) (157) Credit gains (losses) 22 365 (223) Write-offs on the redesignation of mortgage loans from HFI to HFS (1) 
 (679) (372) (291) Net credit losses and write-offs on redesignations (657) (7) (514) Gains (losses) on sales and other valuation adjustments (2) 
 (207) 1,312 704 Net credit gains (losses), write-offs on redesignations and gains (losses) on sales and other valuation adjustments (864) 1,305 190 Credit gain (loss) ratio (in bps) (3) 
 0.1 1.1 (0.7) Net credit gains (losses), write-offs on redesignations and gains (losses) on sales and other valuation adjustments ratio (in bps) (3) 
 (2.4) 3.9 0.6 
 (1) Consists of the lower of cost or fair value adjustment at time of redesignation. 
 (2) Consists of gains or losses realized on the sales of nonperforming and reperforming mortgage loans during the period and temporary lower-of-cost-or-market adjustments on HFS loans, which are recognized in Investment gains (losses), net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 (3) Calculated based on the amount of Credit gains (losses) and Net credit gains (losses), write-offs on redesignations and gains (losses) on sales and other valuation adjustments divided by the average single-family conventional guaranty book of business during the period. 
 The increase in our single-family write-offs in 2022 compared with 2021 was largely driven by an increase in foreclosure activity, due in part to the expiration of the CFPB rule that prohibited certain new single-family foreclosures on mortgage loans secured by the borrower s principal residence until after December 31, 2021, as well as a decrease in the estimated proceeds from sales of REO as a result of the recent decline in home prices. At the time of foreclosure, we record a write off to the extent that estimated proceeds from the sale of REO, less the estimated cost to sell the property net of any insurance proceeds, exceeds the carrying value of the loan. 
 The increase in our single-family write-offs on the redesignation of mortgage loans from HFI to HFS in 2022 compared with 2021 was primarily driven by price declines on our HFS loans at the time of redesignation as interest rates rose. 
 Market conditions in 2022, including higher interest rates, reduced the demand for reperforming loans and led to price declines on our HFS loans. This resulted in losses on sales and other valuation adjustments in 2022. We recognize valuation adjustments on HFS loans measured at lower-of-cost-or-market when price changes occur after the loans have been redesignated. By contrast, we had gains on sales in 2021 driven by price increases on our HFS loans as a result of the market recovery following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 For information on our benefit or provision for credit losses, which includes changes in our allowance, see Consolidated Results of Operations Benefit (Provision) for Credit Losses and Single-Family Business Financial Results. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 109 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 The table below displays concentrations of our single-family credit gains (losses) based on geography, credit characteristics and loan vintages. 
 Single-Family Credit Gain (Loss) Concentration Analysis Percentage of Single-Family Conventional Guaranty Book of Business Outstanding (1) 
 Amount of Single-Family Credit Gains (Losses) and Redesignation Write-offs (2) 
 As of December 31, As of December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Geographical distribution: California 19 19 (94) (24) Florida 6 6 (23) 35 Illinois 3 3 (69) (23) New Jersey 3 3 (29) 13 New York 5 5 (73) 32 All other states 64 64 (369) (40) Total 100 100 (657) (7) Vintages: (3) 
 2008 and prior 2 3 (100) 133 2009 - 2022 98 97 (557) (140) Total 100 100 (657) (7) 
 (1) Calculated based on the aggregate unpaid principal balance of single-family loans for each category divided by the aggregate unpaid principal balance of loans in our single-family conventional guaranty book of business as of the end of each period. 
 (2) Credit gains (losses) and redesignation write-offs do not include gains (losses) on sales and other valuation adjustments. Excludes the impact of recoveries resulting from resolution agreements related to representation and warranty matters and compensatory fee income related to servicing matters that have not been allocated to specific loans. 
 (3) Credit losses on mortgage loans typically do not peak until the third through fifth years following origination; however, this range can vary based on many factors, including changes in macroeconomic conditions and foreclosure timelines. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 110 

MD A | Single-Family Business | Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 Single-Family Maturity Information 
 The below table shows the contractual maturities and interest rate sensitivities of our single-family mortgage loan portfolio as recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. Although the loans in our consolidated portfolio have varying contractual terms (for example, 15-year, 30-year, etc.), the actual life of the loans is likely to be significantly less than their contractual term as a result of prepayment. Therefore, the contractual term is not a reliable indicator of the loans expected lives. Single-family mortgages can be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty. 
 Single-Family Loans: Maturities and Terms of the Consolidated Mortgage Loan Portfolio (1) 
 As of December 31, 2022 Due within 1 year (2) 
 Greater than 1 year but within 5 years Greater than 5 years but within 15 years Greater than 15 years Total (Dollars in millions) Single-family mortgage loans: Loans held for sale 266 170 518 1,513 2,467 Loans held for investment Of Fannie Mae 7,775 4,202 11,934 28,493 52,404 Of consolidated trusts 128,289 534,418 1,351,674 1,575,410 3,589,791 Total unpaid principal balance of single-family mortgage loans 136,330 538,790 1,364,126 1,605,416 3,644,662 Cost basis adjustments, net 49,806 Total single-family mortgage loans (3) 
 136,330 538,790 1,364,126 1,605,416 3,694,468 Single-family mortgage loans by interest rate sensitivity: Fixed-rate 125,892 534,039 1,351,335 1,592,977 3,604,243 Adjustable-rate 10,438 4,751 12,791 12,439 40,419 Total unpaid principal balance of single-family mortgage loans 136,330 538,790 1,364,126 1,605,416 3,644,662 
 (1) We report the scheduled repayments in the maturity category in which the payment is due, such that a loan s balance may be presented across multiple maturity categories. 
 (2) Due within 1 year includes reverse mortgages for which there is no defined maturity date of 9.5 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Excludes accrued interest receivable. The unpaid principal balance of single family loans is based on the amount of contractual unpaid principal balance due and excludes any write-offs for amounts deemed uncollectible. Those write-offs are presented as a component of cost basis adjustments, net. 
 
 Multifamily Business 
 Multifamily Primary Business Activities 
 Providing Liquidity for Multifamily Mortgage Loans 
 Our Multifamily business provides mortgage market liquidity primarily for properties with five or more residential units, which may be apartment communities, cooperative properties, seniors housing, dedicated student housing or manufactured housing communities. Our Multifamily business works with our multifamily lenders to provide funds to the mortgage market primarily by securitizing multifamily mortgage loans acquired from these lenders into Fannie Mae MBS, which are sold to investors or dealers. We also purchase multifamily mortgage loans and provide credit enhancement for bonds issued by state and local housing finance authorities to finance multifamily housing. Our Multifamily business also supports liquidity in the mortgage market through other activities, such as issuing structured MBS backed by Fannie Mae multifamily MBS and buying and selling multifamily agency mortgage-backed securities. We also continue to invest in low-income housing tax credit LIHTC multifamily projects to help support and preserve the supply of affordable housing. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 111 

MD A | Multifamily Business | Multifamily Primary Business Activities 

 Key Characteristics of the Multifamily Business 
 The Multifamily business has a number of key characteristics that distinguish it from our Single-Family business. 
 Collateral: Multifamily loans are collateralized by properties that generate cash flows and effectively operate as businesses, such as garden and high-rise apartment complexes, seniors housing communities, cooperatives, dedicated student housing and manufactured housing communities. 
 Borrowers and sponsors: Multifamily borrowing entities are typically owned, directly or indirectly, by for-profit corporations, limited liability companies, partnerships, real estate investment trusts and individuals who invest in real estate for cash flow and expected returns in excess of their original contribution of equity. Borrowing entities are typically single-asset entities, with the property as their only asset. The ultimate owner of a multifamily borrowing entity is referred to as the sponsor. We evaluate both the borrowing entity and its sponsor when considering a new transaction or managing our business. We refer to both the borrowing entities and their sponsors as borrowers. When considering a multifamily borrower, creditworthiness is evaluated through a combination of quantitative and qualitative data including liquid assets, net worth, number of units owned, experience in a market and/or property type, multifamily portfolio performance, access to additional liquidity, debt maturities, asset/property management platform, senior management experience, reputation, and exposures to lenders and Fannie Mae. 
 Recourse: Multifamily loans are generally non-recourse to the borrowers. 
 Lenders: During 2022, we executed multifamily transactions with 27 lenders. Of these, 23 lenders delivered loans to us under our DUS program described below. In determining whether to partner with a multifamily lender, we consider the lender s financial strength, multifamily underwriting and servicing experience, portfolio performance and willingness and ability to share in the risk of loss associated with the multifamily loans they originate. 
 Loan size: The average size of a loan in our multifamily guaranty book of business is 16 million. 
 Underwriting process: Multifamily loans require detailed underwriting of the property s operating cash flow. Our underwriting includes an evaluation of the property s ability to support the loan, property quality, market and submarket factors, and ability to exit at maturity. 
 Term and lifecycle: In contrast to the standard 30-year single-family residential loan, multifamily loans typically have original loan terms between 7 and 15 years, with 10 year terms being the most common. 
 Prepayment terms: To protect against prepayments, most multifamily Fannie Mae loans and MBS impose prepayment premiums, primarily yield maintenance, consistent with standard commercial investment terms. This is in contrast to single-family loans, which typically do not have prepayment protection. 
 Delegated Underwriting and Servicing 
 Fannie Mae s DUS program, which was initiated in 1988, is a unique business model in the commercial mortgage industry. Our DUS model aligns the interests of the lender and Fannie Mae. Our current 24-member DUS lender network, which is composed of large financial institutions and independent mortgage lenders, continues to be our principal source of multifamily loan deliveries. DUS lenders are pre-approved and delegated the authority to underwrite and service loans on behalf of Fannie Mae in accordance with our standards and requirements. Delegation permits lenders to respond to customers more rapidly, as the lender generally has the authority to approve a loan within prescribed parameters. Based on a given loan s unique characteristics and Fannie Mae s established delegation criteria, lenders assess whether a loan must be reviewed for a decision by Fannie Mae. If review is required, Fannie Mae s internal credit team will assess the loan s risk profile to determine if it meets our risk tolerances. DUS lenders are required to share with us the risk of loss over the life of the loan, as discussed in more detail in Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management. Since DUS lenders share in the credit risk, the servicing fee to the lenders includes compensation for credit risk. 
 Multifamily Mortgage Servicing 
 Multifamily mortgage servicing is typically performed by the lenders who sell mortgages to us. Because of our loss-sharing arrangements with our multifamily lenders, transfers of multifamily servicing rights are infrequent, and we monitor our servicing relationships and enforce our right to approve servicing transfers. As a seller-servicer, the lender is responsible for ongoing evaluation of the financial condition of properties and property owners, administering various types of loan and property-level agreements (including agreements covering replacement reserves, completion or repair, and operations and maintenance), as well as conducting routine property inspections. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 112 

MD A | Multifamily Business | Multifamily Primary Business Activities 

 Multifamily Credit Risk and Credit Loss Management 
 Our Multifamily business: 
 Prices and manages the credit risk on loans in our multifamily guaranty book of business. Lenders retain a portion of the credit risk in most multifamily transactions. 
 Enters into transactions that transfer an additional portion of Fannie Mae s credit risk on some of the loans in our multifamily guaranty book of business through back-end credit risk transfer transactions. 
 Works to help maintain the credit quality of the multifamily guaranty book of business, prevents foreclosures through certain loss mitigation strategies such as forbearance or modification, reduces costs of defaulted multifamily loans, manages our REO inventory, and pursues contractual remedies from lenders, servicers, borrowers, and providers of credit enhancement. 
 See Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management for a discussion of our strategies for managing credit risk and credit losses on multifamily loans. 
 The Multifamily Markets in Which We Operate 
 In the multifamily mortgage market, we aim to address the rental housing needs of a wide range of the population in markets across the country, with the substantial majority of our focus on supporting rental housing that is affordable to households earning at or below the median income in their area. We serve the market steadily, rather than moving in and out depending on market conditions. Through the secondary mortgage market, we support rental housing for the workforce population, for senior citizens and students, and for households with the greatest economic need. Over 95 of the multifamily units we financed in 2022 that were potentially eligible for housing goals credit were affordable to those earning at or below 120 of the median income in their area, providing support for both workforce housing and affordable housing. 
 Our Multifamily business is organized and operated as an integrated commercial real estate finance business, addressing the spectrum of multifamily housing finance needs, including the need for smaller multifamily property financing and financing that serves low- and very low-income households. 
 To meet the growing need for smaller multifamily property financing, we focus on the acquisition of small multifamily loans, which includes loans of up to 6 million in original unpaid principal balance. As of December 31, 2022, small loans represented 38 of our multifamily guaranty book of business by loan count and 6 based on unpaid principal balance. 
 To serve low- and very low-income households, we have a team that focuses exclusively on relationships with lenders financing privately-owned multifamily properties that receive public subsidies in exchange for maintaining long-term affordable rents. We work with borrowers that may utilize housing programs and subsidies provided by local, state and federal agencies; examples include tax incentives (such as those provided through LIHTC or tax abatement) and rent subsidies (such as project-based Section 8 rental assistance or tenant vouchers). The public subsidy programs are largely targeted to provide housing to those earning less than 60 of area median income (as defined by HUD) and are structured to ensure that the low- and very low-income households who benefit from the programs pay no more than 30 of their gross monthly income for rent and utilities. As of December 31, 2022, affordable loans represented approximately 12 of our multifamily guaranty book of business, based on unpaid principal balance, including 7.6 billion in bond credit enhancements. 
 Our acquisition of loans financing smaller multifamily properties and serving low-and very-low income households help us meet our multifamily housing goals and FHFA s requirement for us that a portion of our multifamily volume be focused on affordable and underserved markets. We discuss our housing goals in Business Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters Housing Goals and our requirement to focus on affordable and underserved markets in Multifamily Business Metrics Multifamily Business Volume Cap. 
 Multifamily Lenders and Investors 
 In support of equitable and sustainable access to quality affordable rental housing across America, our multifamily business works primarily with mortgage banking companies, large diversified financial institutions, and banks. During 2022, our top five multifamily lenders, in the aggregate, accounted for 49 of our multifamily business volume, compared with 46 in 2021. One of our lenders, Walker Dunlop, accounted for 17 of our 2022 multifamily business volume. No other lender accounted for 10 or more of our multifamily business volume in 2022. 
 We have a diversified funding base of domestic and international investors. Purchasers of multifamily Fannie Mae MBS include fund managers, commercial banks, pension funds, insurance companies, corporations, state and local 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 113 

MD A | Multifamily Business | Multifamily Primary Business Activities 

 governments, and other municipal authorities. Our Multifamily Connecticut Avenue Securities TM MCAS TM investors include fund managers, hedge funds and insurance companies, while our Multifamily CIRT TM MCIRT TM transactions are executed with insurers and reinsurers. 
 Multifamily Competition 
 Competition to acquire mortgage assets is significantly affected by both our and our competitors pricing, credit standards and loan structures, lender preferences, investor demand for our and our competitors mortgage-related securities, and actions we take to support affordable multifamily housing. Our competitive environment also may be affected by many other factors, including direction from FHFA; changes in our obligations under our senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury or in our capital requirements; new legislation or regulations applicable to us, our lenders or investors; and digital innovation and disruption in our markets. Our competitive environment in 2022 was largely influenced by FHFA s requirement that a portion of our new multifamily business be focused on affordable and underserved markets, as well as volatility in overall market conditions. We expect that these factors will continue to influence our competitive landscape. 
 Our primary competitors for the acquisition of multifamily mortgage assets and issuance of multifamily mortgage-related securities are Freddie Mac, life insurers, U.S. banks and thrifts, other institutional investors, Ginnie Mae and private-label issuers of commercial mortgage-backed securities. See Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements, Business Legislation and Regulation, and Risk Factors for information on matters that could affect our business and competitive environment. 
 
 Multifamily Mortgage Market 
 Multifamily market fundamentals, which include factors such as vacancy rates and rents, weakened during the fourth quarter of 2022, despite positive job growth and favorable demographics. 
 Vacancy rates. Based on preliminary third-party data, we estimate that the national multifamily vacancy rate for institutional investment-type apartment properties was 5.5 as of December 31, 2022, an increase from an estimated 5.0 as of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Although the national multifamily vacancy rate increased to an estimated 5.5 , it remained below its average rate of about 5.8 over the last 15 years. 
 Rents. Based on preliminary third-party data, we estimate that effective rents decreased by 0.8 during the fourth quarter of 2022, compared with an increase of 1.0 during the third quarter of 2022 and an increase of 3.0 in the fourth quarter of 2021. As a result, we believe annualized rent growth for 2022 was an estimated 4.8 . 
 Vacancy rates and rents are important to loan performance because multifamily loans are generally repaid from the cash flows generated by the underlying property. Several years of improvement in these fundamentals have helped to increase property values in most metropolitan areas. Based on preliminary multifamily property sales data, transaction volumes for much of 2022 remained elevated but decreased significantly in the fourth quarter of 2022. Despite this decline in transaction volumes, capitalization rates did not rise but instead have remained stable throughout much of 2022. While total annual multifamily property sales were elevated in 2022, they did not reach 2021 levels, as higher interest rates appear to have contributed to softened investment demand in the multifamily sector. 
 Multifamily construction underway remains elevated. Preliminary data shows that more than 470,000 multifamily units were delivered in 2022. More than 780,000 multifamily units are slated to be delivered in 2023, which would be a peak over the past 10 years. 
 Based on a drop-off in rental demand observed during the fourth quarter 2022, coupled with inflation and slowing job growth in December, we believe that the multifamily sector will be impacted by softening demand, leading to higher vacancy levels and stagnant rent growth in 2023. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 114 

MD A | Multifamily Business | Multifamily Market Activity 

 Multifamily Market Activity 
 We remained a continuous source of liquidity in the multifamily market in 2022. We owned or guaranteed approximately 21 of the outstanding debt on multifamily properties as of September 30, 2022 (the latest date for which information is available). 
 Multifamily Mortgage Debt Outstanding (1) 
 (Dollars in trillions) 
 
 (1) The mortgage debt outstanding as of September 30, 2022, is based on the Federal Reserve s December 2022 mortgage debt outstanding release, the latest date for which the Federal Reserve has estimated mortgage debt outstanding for multifamily residences. Prior-period amounts have been updated to reflect revised historical data from the Federal Reserve. 
 
 Multifamily Business Metrics 
 The multifamily loans we acquired in 2022 had a strong overall credit risk profile, consistent with our acquisition policy and standards, which we describe in Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management Multifamily Acquisition Policy and Underwriting Standards. 
 Multifamily New Business Volume 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 
 (1) Reflects unpaid principal balance of multifamily Fannie Mae MBS issued, multifamily loans purchased, and credit enhancements provided on multifamily mortgage assets during the period. 
 (2) Reflects new units financed by first liens; excludes second liens on units for which we had financed the first lien, as well as manufactured housing rentals. Units financed reported for prior periods have been updated in this report to exclude previously included second liens and manufactured housing rentals. Second liens and manufactured housing rentals are included in unpaid principal balance. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 115 

MD A | Multifamily Business | Multifamily Business Metrics 

 Multifamily Business Volume Cap 
 In November 2022, FHFA announced a 2023 multifamily loan purchase cap of 75 billion for new business volume. This is a reduction from the 78 billion cap applicable for 2022. Consistent with the 2022 cap, a minimum of 50 of our 2023 multifamily loan purchases must be mission-driven, focused on specified affordable and underserved market segments; however, FHFA has revised the multifamily requirements for mission-driven, affordable housing for 2023, including by: 
 Removing the requirement that 25 of multifamily loan purchases must be affordable to residents earning 60 or less of area median income to reduce inconsistencies with FHFA s housing goals; and 
 Within the mission-driven eligibility criteria, creating a new category focused on preserving affordability in workforce housing to encourage financing of loans on properties with rent or income restrictions affordable at levels that meet market needs. 
 Our 2022 multifamily new business volume remained under the cap, and we have met the mission requirements established by FHFA. See Risk Factors GSE and Conservatorship Risk for information on how conservatorship may affect our business activities. 
 Multifamily Securities Issuances 
 Our multifamily business securitizes the vast majority of multifamily mortgage loans we acquire through lender swap transactions. We also support liquidity in the market by issuing structured MBS backed by multifamily Fannie Mae MBS, including through our Fannie Mae GeMS program. 
 Multifamily Fannie Mae MBS Issuances 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 
 (1) A portion of structured securities issuances may be backed by Fannie Mae MBS issued during the same period and held by Fannie Mae. Structured securities backed by Fannie Mae MBS held by a third party are not included in the multifamily Fannie Mae MBS structured security issuance amounts. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 116 

MD A | Multifamily Business | Multifamily Business Metrics 

 Presentation of Our Multifamily Guaranty Book of Business 
 For purposes of the information reported in this Multifamily Business section, we measure our multifamily guaranty book of business using the unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans underlying Fannie Mae MBS. By contrast, the multifamily guaranty book of business presented in the Composition of Fannie Mae Guaranty Book of Business table in the Guaranty Book of Business section is based on the unpaid principal balance of Fannie Mae MBS outstanding. These amounts differ primarily as a result of payments we receive on underlying loans that have not yet been remitted to the MBS holders. 
 Multifamily Guaranty Book of Business 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 
 (1) Our multifamily guaranty book of business primarily consists of multifamily mortgage loans underlying Fannie Mae MBS outstanding, multifamily mortgage loans of Fannie Mae held in our retained mortgage portfolio, and other credit enhancements that we provide on multifamily mortgage assets. It does not include non-Fannie Mae multifamily mortgage-related securities held in our retained mortgage portfolio for which we do not provide a guaranty. 
 Average charged guaranty fee represents our effective revenue rate relative to the size of our multifamily guaranty book of business. Management uses this metric to assess the return we earn as compensation for the multifamily credit risk we manage. Average charged guaranty fee is impacted by the rate at which loans in our book of business turn over as well as the guaranty fees we charge, which are set at the time we acquire the loans. Ou r multifamily guaranty fee pricing is primarily based on the individual credit risk characteristics of the loans we acquire and the aggregate credit risk characteristics of our multifamily guaranty book of business. Our multifamily guaranty fee pricing is also influenced by external forces such as the availability of other sources of liquidity, our mission-related goals, the FHFA volume cap, interest rates, MBS spreads, and the management of the overall composition of our multifamily guaranty book of business. While our average charged guaranty fee remained flat in 2022 compared with 2021, these internal and external factors may be volatile and therefore lead to variability in our multifamily guaranty fees. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 117 

MD A | Multifamily Business | Multifamily Business Financial Results 

 Multifamily Business Financial Results 
 This section provides a discussion of the primary components of net income for our Multifamily Business. 
 Multifamily Business Financial Results (1) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Variance 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (Dollars in millions) Net interest income 4,687 4,158 3,364 529 794 Fee and other income 88 92 94 (4) (2) Net revenues 4,775 4,250 3,458 525 792 Fair value gains (losses), net (80) (12) 38 (68) (50) Administrative expenses (540) (508) (509) (32) 1 Benefit (provision) for credit losses (1,248) 530 (603) (1,778) 1,133 Credit enhancement expense (2) 
 (261) (239) (220) (22) (19) Change in expected credit enhancement recoveries (3) 
 257 (108) 144 365 (252) Other income (expenses), net (4) 
 (214) (87) 83 (127) (170) Income before federal income taxes 2,689 3,826 2,391 (1,137) 1,435 Provision for federal income taxes (536) (777) (467) 241 (310) Net income 2,153 3,049 1,924 (896) 1,125 
 (1) See Note 10, Segment Reporting for information about our segment allocation methodology. 
 (2) Primarily consists of costs associated with our MCIRT TM and MCAS TM programs as well as amortization expense for certain lender risk-sharing programs. 
 (3) Consists of change in benefits recognized from our freestanding credit enhancements that primarily relate to our DUS lender risk-sharing. 
 (4) Consists of investment gains or losses, foreclosed property income (expense), gains or losses from partnership investments, debt extinguishment gains or losses, and other income or expenses. 
 Net interest income 

Multifamily net interest income increased in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to higher guaranty fee income as a result of an increase in our multifamily guaranty book of business combined with increased interest income earned on our other investments portfolio as a result of the high interest rate environment. 
 Multifamily net interest income increased in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to higher guaranty fee income as a result of an increase in our multifamily guaranty book of business combined with an increase in average charged guaranty fees and higher yield maintenance revenue related to the prepayment of multifamily loans. 

_____________________________________________________________________________ 

Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 118 

MD A | Multifamily Business | Multifamily Business Financial Results 

 Benefit (provision) for credit losses 

Provision for credit losses in 2022 was primarily driven by our expectation of increased probability of default and greater expected severity of loss on our seniors housing portfolio, as well as higher actual and projected interest rates. 

Benefit for credit losses in 2021 was primarily driven by a benefit from actual and projected economic data and lower expected credit losses as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Benefit (provision) for credit losses during the periods were partially offset by changes in expected credit enhancement recoveries, which captures changes to expected benefits from our freestanding credit enhancements. 
 See Consolidated Results of Operations Benefit (Provision) for Credit Losses for more information on our multifamily benefit or provision for credit losses. 

Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management 
 The credit risk profile of a loan in our multifamily guaranty book of business is influenced by: 
 the current and anticipated cash flows from the property; 
 the type and location of the property; 
 the condition and value of the property; 
 the financial strength of the borrower; 
 market trends; and 
 the structure of the financing. 
 These and other factors affect both the amount of expected credit loss on a given loan and the sensitivity of that loss to changes in the economic environment. 
 Multifamily Acquisition Policy and Underwriting Standards 
 Our Multifamily business is responsible for pricing and managing the credit risk on our multifamily guaranty book of business, with oversight from our Enterprise Risk Management division. Multifamily loans that we purchase or that back Fannie Mae MBS are underwritten by a Fannie Mae-approved lender and may be subject to our underwriting review prior to closing, depending on the product type, loan size, market and/or other factors. Our underwriting standards generally include, among other things, property cash flow analysis and third-party appraisals. 
 Additionally, our standards for multifamily loans specify maximum original LTV ratio and minimum original DSCR values that vary based on loan characteristics. Our experience has been that original LTV ratio and DSCR values have been reliable indicators of future credit performance. At underwriting, we evaluate the DSCR based on both actual and underwritten debt service payments. The original DSCR is calculated using the underwritten debt service payments for the loan, which assumes both principal and interest payments, including stressed assumptions in certain cases, rather than the actual debt service payments. Depending on the loan s interest rate and structure, using the underwritten debt service payments will often result in a more conservative estimate of the debt service payments (for example, loans with an interest-only period). This approach is used for all loans, including those with full and partial interest-only terms. 
 Key Risk Characteristics of Multifamily Guaranty Book of Business As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Weighted-average original LTV ratio 64 65 66 Original LTV ratio greater than 80 1 1 1 Original DSCR less than or equal to 1.10 12 11 10 Full term interest-only loans 38 33 30 Partial term interest-only loans (1) 
 49 51 51 Adjustable-rate mortgages 11 9 10 
 (1) Consists of mortgage loans that were underwritten with an interest-only term, regardless of whether the loan is currently in its interest-only period. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 119 

MD A | Multifamily Business | Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 We provide additional information on the credit characteristics of our multifamily loans in quarterly financial supplements, which we furnish to the SEC with current reports on Form 8-K. Information in our quarterly financial supplements is not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 
 Transfer of Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk 
 Lender risk-sharing is a cornerstone of our Multifamily business. We primarily transfer risk through our DUS program, which delegates to DUS lenders the ability to underwrite and service multifamily loans, in accordance with our standards and requirements. DUS lenders receive credit risk-related revenues for their respective portion of credit risk retained, and, in turn, are required to fulfill any loss-sharing obligation. This aligns the interests of the lender and Fannie Mae throughout the life of the loan. We monitor the capital resources and loss-sharing capacity of our DUS lenders on an ongoing basis. 
 Our DUS model typically results in our lenders sharing approximately one-third of the credit risk on our multifamily loans, either on a pro-rata or tiered basis. Lenders who share on a tiered basis cover loan-level credit losses up to the first 5 of the unpaid principal balance of the loan and then share with us any remaining losses up to a prescribed limit. Loans serviced by DUS lenders and their affiliates represented substantially all of our multifamily guaranty book of business as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. In certain situations, to effectively manage our counterparty risk, we do not allow the lenders to fully share in one-third of the credit risk but have them share in a smaller portion. 
 While not a large portion of our multifamily guaranty book of business, our non-DUS lenders typically also have lender risk-sharing, where the lenders typically share or absorb losses based on a negotiated percentage of the loan or the pool balance. 
 These lender risk-sharing agreements not only transfer credit risk, but also better align our interests with those of the lenders. Our maximum potential loss recovery from lenders under current risk-sharing agreements represented over 20 of the unpaid principal balance of our multifamily guaranty book of business as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 To complement our front-end lender-risk sharing program, we engage in back-end credit risk transfer transactions through our MCIRT and MCAS transactions. Through these transactions, we transfer a portion of the credit risk associated with a reference pool of multifamily mortgage loans to insurers, reinsurers, or investors. 
 Our back-end multifamily credit-risk sharing transactions were primarily designed to further reduce the capital requirements associated with loans in the reference pool with the related benefit of additional credit risk protection in the event of a stress environment. We transfer multifamily credit risk through lender risk-sharing at the time of acquisition, but our multifamily back-end credit risk transfer activity occurs later, typically up to a year or more after acquisition. 
 In 2022 , we entered into one new credit risk transfer transaction, transferring mortgage credit risk through our MCIRT program. The factors that we expect will affect the extent to which we engage in multifamily credit risk transfer transactions in the future and the structure of those transactions include our risk appetite, future market conditions, the cost of the transactions, FHFA guidance or requirements (including FHFA s scorecard), the capital relief provided by the transactions, and our overall business and capital plans. 
 The table below displays the total unpaid principal balance of multifamily loans and the percentage of our multifamily guaranty book of business, based on unpaid principal balance, that is covered by a back-end credit risk transfer transaction. The table does not reflect front-end lender risk-sharing arrangements, as only a small portion of our multifamily guaranty book of business is not covered by these arrangements. 
 Multifamily Loans in Back-End Credit Risk Transfer Transactions 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Unpaid Principal Balance Percentage of Multifamily Guaranty Book of Business Unpaid Principal Balance Percentage of Multifamily Guaranty Book of Business (Dollars in millions) MCIRT 87,682 20 84,894 20 MCAS 25,071 6 27,088 7 Total 112,753 26 111,982 27 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 120 

MD A | Multifamily Business | Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 Multifamily Portfolio Diversification and Monitoring 
 Diversification within our multifamily guaranty book of business by geographic concentration, term to maturity, interest rate structure, borrower concentration, loan size, property type, and credit enhancement coverage are important factors that influence credit performance and may help reduce our credit risk. 
 As part of our ongoing credit risk management process, we and our lenders monitor the performance and risk characteristics of our multifamily loans and the underlying properties on an ongoing basis throughout the loan term at the asset and portfolio level. We require lenders to provide quarterly and annual financial updates for the loans for which we are contractually entitled to receive such information. We closely monitor loans with an estimated current DSCR below 1.0, as that is an indicator of heightened default risk. The percentage of loans in our multifamily guaranty book of business, calculated based on unpaid principal balance, with a current DSCR less than 1.0 was approximately 3 as of December 31, 2022 and 2 as of December 31, 2021. Our estimates of current DSCRs are based on the financial statements for the included properties, including the related debt service. 
 We monitor and manage changes in interest rates, which can impact multiple aspects of our multifamily loans. Interest rates increased significantly during 2022 and may increase further. Increases in interest rates may reduce the ability of multifamily borrowers to refinance their loans, which often have balloon balances at maturity. We have a team that proactively manages upcoming loan maturities to minimize losses on maturing loans. This team assists lenders and borrowers with timely and appropriate refinancing of maturing loans with the goal of reducing defaults and foreclosures related to these loans. 
 Additionally, in a rising interest rate environment, multifamily borrowers with adjustable-rate mortgages may have difficulty paying higher monthly payments if property net operating income is not increasing at a similar pace. We generally require multifamily borrowers with adjustable-rate mortgages to purchase interest rate caps to protect against large movements in rates. A cap must be in place at the initial closing of the loan, and escrows are established and structured to provide for the replacement of the initial cap at its maturity, typically in 2 to 3 years. Purchasing or replacing required interest rate caps, especially those with longer terms and/or lower strike rates, becomes more expensive as interest rates rise. As a result, the cost of interest rate caps has increased substantially in recent months. 
 In addition to the factors discussed above, we track the following credit risk characteristics to determine loan credit quality indicators, which are the internal risk categories we use and which are further discussed in Note 3, Mortgage Loans : 
 the physical condition of the property; 
 delinquency status; 
 the relevant local market and economic conditions that may signal changing risk or return profiles; and 
 other risk factors. 
 For example, we closely monitor rental payment trends and vacancy levels in local markets, as well as capitalization rates, to identify loans that merit closer attention or loss mitigation actions. The primary asset management r esponsibilities for our multifamily loans are performed by our DUS and other multifamily lenders. We periodically evaluate these lenders performance for compliance with our asset management criteria. 
 We also monitor for risks manifesting within specific property types. A property type we are monitoring closely is seniors housing; in our multifamily book of business, this primarily includes independent living and assisted living facilities that may have a limited portion of their capacity devoted to memory care. Seniors housing loans constituted 4 of our multifamily guaranty book of business as of December 31, 2022, based on unpaid principal balance. Seniors housing properties have been disproportionately affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and economic trends. While beginning to recover from the peak of the pandemic, vacancy rates in seniors housing continue to be elevated compared to pre-pandemic levels. These properties also have higher operating expenses than conventional multifamily properties due to specialized labor and stricter post-pandemic operating protocols. These costs have increased further due to higher inflation in recent periods. In combination, these factors have resulted in lower property operating income for seniors housing properties, which in turn has negatively impacted estimated property values. Moreover, 39 of the seniors housing loans in our multifamily guaranty book as of December 31, 2022 were adjustable-rate mortgages, compared with 11 for our entire multifamily guaranty book of business. The increase in short-term interest rates has further increased costs for those borrowers, including both higher monthly payments, which reduce debt service coverage, and the higher cost to maintain required interest rate caps to protect against large interest rate movements. 
 While nearly all seniors housing loans in our guaranty book of business were current on their payments as of December 31, 2022, a select number of seniors housing loan borrowers notified us in the fourth quarter of 2022 about the negative impact of recent market conditions on their ability to continue to meet their loan payment obligations in the future. We 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 121 

MD A | Multifamily Business | Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 continue to monitor the seniors housing portfolio closely and actively manage loans that may be at risk of further deterioration or default. 
 As a result of the recent market conditions impacting this portfolio, as described further in Consolidated Results of Operations Benefit (Provision) for Credit Losses, we recognized approximately 900 million in provision on our seniors housing portfolio in 2022 to reflect the increased probability of default and greater expected severity of loss on the seniors housing portfolio. 
 
 Multifamily Problem Loan Management and Foreclosure Prevention 
 In addition to the credit performance information on our multifamily loans provided below, we provide additional information about the performance of our multifamily loans that back MBS and whole loan REMICs in the Data Collections section of our DUS Disclose tool, available at www.fanniemae.com/dusdisclose. Information on our website is not incorporated into this report. 
 We periodically refine our underwriting standards in response to market conditions and employ proactive portfolio management and monitoring which are each designed to keep credit losses and delinquencies to a low level relative to our multifamily guaranty book of business. 
 Delinquency Statistics on our Multifamily Problem Loans 
 The percentage of our multifamily loans classified as substandard increased to 5.4 of our multifamily guaranty book of business as of December 31, 2022, compared with 4.6 as of December 31, 2021. Substandard loans are loans that have a well-defined weakness that could impact their timely full repayment. Whil e the majority of the substandard loans in our multifamily guaranty book of business are currently making timely payments, we continue to monitor the performance of our substandard loan population. Loans classified as substandard increased as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of an increase in the number of properties reporting low DSCRs in their latest operating statement. This increase was largely driven by seniors housing loans, which were impacted by the factors described in Multifamily Portfolio Diversification and Monitoring above. For more information on our credit quality indicators, including our population of substandard loans, see Note 3, Mortgage Loans. 
 Our multifamily serious delinquency rate decreased to 0.24 as of December 31, 2022, compared with 0.42 as of December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of loans that received forbearance resolving their delinquency through completion of their repayment plans or otherwise reinstating. Our multifamily serious delinquency rate consists of multifamily loans that were 60 days or more past due based on unpaid principal balance, expressed as a percentage of our multifamily guaranty book of business. The percentage of loans in our multifamily guaranty book of business that were 180 days or more delinquent was 0.15 as of December 31, 2022 compared with 0.23 as of December 31, 2021. Our multifamily serious delinquency rate could increase as a result of an increase in seniors housing loans in our guaranty book of business, especially those that are rated substandard, becoming delinquent. 
 Management monitors the multifamily serious delinquency rate as an indicator of potential future credit losses and loss mitigation activities. Serious delinquency rates are reflective of our performance in assessing and managing credit risk associated with multifamily loans in our guaranty book of business. Typically, higher serious delinquency rates result in a higher allowance for loan losses. 
 
 Multifamily Loan Forbearance 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 13 multifamily loans with an unpaid principal balance of 41 million in active forbearance, compared with 22 loans with an unpaid principal balance of 363 million as of December 31, 2021. Most of our multifamily loans in active forbearance as of December 31, 2022 were granted forbearance at their maturity date to allow for additional time to refinance. The decrease in the number of multifamily loans in forbearance was primarily due to loans resolving their forbearance arrangement, including those that entered a repayment plan. 
 
 Multifamily REO Management 
 The number of multifamily foreclosed properties held for sale was 28 properties with a carrying value of 278 million as of December 31, 2022, compared with 31 properties with a carrying value of 302 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Other Multifamily Credit Information 
 Multifamily Credit Loss Performance Metrics 
 The amount of multifamily credit loss or income we realize in a given period is driven by foreclosures, pre-foreclosure sales, REO activity and write-offs, net of recoveries. Our multifamily credit loss performance metrics are not defined terms and may not be calculated in the same manner as similarly titled measures reported by other companies. We believe our multifamily credit losses and our multifamily credit losses, net of freestanding loss-sharing arrangements, 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 122 

MD A | Multifamily Business | Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 may be useful to stakeholders because they display our credit losses in the context of our multifamily guaranty book of business, including changes to the benefit we expect to receive from loss-sharing arrangements. Management views multifamily credit losses, net of freestanding loss-sharing arrangements as a key metric related to our multifamily business model and our strategy to share multifamily credit risk. 
 The table below displays the components of our multifamily credit loss performance metrics, as well as our multifamily initial write-off severity rate and write-off loan count. Multifamily Credit Loss Performance Metrics 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in millions) Write-offs (1) 
 (43) (59) (136) Recoveries 
 23 49 1 Foreclosed property expense 
 (40) (19) (20) Credit losses 
 (60) (29) (155) Change in expected benefits from freestanding loss-sharing arrangements (2) 
 (2) 21 21 Credit losses, net of freestanding loss-sharing arrangements 
 (62) (8) (134) Credit loss ratio (in bps) (3) 
 (1.4) (0.7) (4.3) Credit loss ratio, net of freestanding loss-sharing arrangements (in bps) (2)(3) 
 (1.5) (0.2) (3.7) Multifamily initial write-off severity rate (4) 
 5 13 23 Multifamily write-off loan count 
 9 26 11 
 (1) Write-offs associated with non-REO sales are net of loss sharing. 
 (2) Represents changes to the benefit we expect to receive only from write-offs as a result of certain freestanding loss-sharing arrangements, primarily multifamily DUS lender risk-sharing transactions. Changes to the expected benefits we will receive are recorded in Change in expected credit enhancement recoveries in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 (3) Calculated based on the amount of Credit losses and Credit losses, net of freestanding loss-sharing arrangements, divided by the average multifamily guaranty book of business during the period. 
 (4) Rate is calculated as the initial write-off amount divided by the average defaulted unpaid principal balance. The rate excludes write-offs not associated with foreclosures or other liquidation events (such as a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure or a short-sale) and any costs, gains or losses associated with REO after initial acquisition through final disposition. Write-offs are net of lender loss-sharing agreements. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 123 

MD A | Multifamily Business | Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management 

 Multifamily Maturity Information 
 The below table shows the contractual maturities and interest rate sensitivities of our multifamily mortgage loan portfolio as recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. Although loans in our consolidated portfolio have varying contractual terms, the actual life of the loans may be less than their contractual term as a result of prepayment. 
 Multifamily Loans: Maturities and Terms of the Consolidated Mortgage Loan Portfolio (1) 
 As of December 31, 2022 Due within 1 year Greater than 1 year but within 5 years Greater than 5 years but within 15 years Greater than 15 years Total (Dollars in millions) Multifamily mortgage loan portfolio: (2) 
 Loans held for investment: Of Fannie Mae 135 574 192 26 927 Of consolidated trusts 8,830 105,303 309,693 6,801 430,627 Total unpaid principal balance of multifamily mortgage loans 8,965 105,877 309,885 6,827 431,554 Cost basis adjustments, net (239) Total multifamily mortgage loans (2) 
 8,965 105,877 309,885 6,827 431,315 Multifamily mortgage loan portfolio by interest rate sensitivity: Fixed-rate 8,553 94,393 279,733 6,670 389,349 Adjustable-rate 412 11,484 30,152 157 42,205 Total unpaid principal balance of multifamily mortgage loans 8,965 105,877 309,885 6,827 431,554 
 (1) We report the scheduled repayments in the maturity category in which the payment is due, such that a loan s balance may be presented across multiple maturity categories. 
 (2) Excludes accrued interest receivable. The unpaid principal balance of multifamily loans is based on the amount of contractual unpaid principal balance due and excludes any write-offs for amounts deemed uncollectible. Those write-offs are presented as a component of cost basis adjustments, net. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 124 

MD A | Consolidated Credit Ratios and Select Credit Information 

 Consolidated Credit Ratios and Select Credit Information 
 
 The table below displays select credit ratios on our single-family conventional guaranty book of business and our multifamily guaranty book of business, as well as the inputs used in calculating these ratios. 
 Consolidated Credit Ratios and Select Credit Information As of December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Single-family 
 Multifamily Total Single-family 
 Multifamily Total (Dollars in millions) Credit loss reserves as a percentage of: Guaranty book of business 0.26 0.43 0.28 0.15 0.17 0.15 Nonaccrual loans at amortized cost 90.69 86.86 90.03 25.63 54.49 27.35 Nonaccrual loans as a percentage of: Guaranty book of business 0.29 0.50 0.31 0.57 0.30 0.54 Select financial information used in calculating credit ratios: Credit loss reserves (1) 
 (9,554) (1,911) (11,465) (5,088) (686) (5,774) Guaranty book of business (2) 
 3,635,237 440,424 4,075,661 3,483,054 413,090 3,896,144 Nonaccrual loans at amortized cost 10,535 2,200 12,735 19,851 1,259 21,110 Components of credit loss reserves: Allowance for loan losses (9,443) (1,904) (11,347) (4,950) (679) (5,629) Allowance for accrued interest receivable (111) (111) (138) (2) (140) Reserve for guaranty losses (3) 
 (7) (7) (5) (5) Total credit loss reserves (1) 
 (9,554) (1,911) (11,465) (5,088) (686) (5,774) 
 (1) Our multifamily credit loss reserves exclude the expected benefit of freestanding credit enhancements on multifamily loans of 492 million as of December 31, 2022 and 235 million as of December 31, 2021, which are recorded in Other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Represents conventional guaranty book of business for single-family. 
 (3) Reserve for guaranty losses is recorded in Other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Our single-family nonaccrual loans decreased as of December 31, 2022 compared with December 31, 2021 primarily as a result of loan modifications, as borrowers continued to exit forbearance. Modifications bring a loan current and, for single-family loans, generally require completion of a trial period of three to four months. 
 Our credit loss reserves increased as of December 31, 2022 compared with December 31, 2021 primarily as a result of a provision for credit losses, which we describe in Consolidated Results of Operations Benefit (Provision) for Credit Losses. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 125 

MD A | Consolidated Credit Ratios and Select Credit Information 

 Consolidated Write-off Ratio and Select Credit Information For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Single-family 
 Multifamily Total Single-family 
 Multifamily Total Single-family 
 Multifamily Total (Dollars in millions) Select credit ratio: Write-offs, net of recoveries annualized, as a percentage of the average guaranty book of business (in bps) 1.7 0.5 1.6 0.2 1.2 3.7 1.4 Select financial information used in calculating credit ratio: Write-offs 890 43 933 423 59 482 468 136 604 Recoveries (288) (23) (311) (430) (49) (479) (111) (1) (112) Write-offs, net of recoveries 602 20 622 (7) 10 3 357 135 492 Average guaranty book of business (1) 
 3,585,714 425,695 4,011,409 3,351,036 401,358 3,752,394 3,060,384 358,673 3,419,057 
 Represents less than 0.05 bps. 
 (1) Average guaranty book of business is based on quarter-end balances. 
 For discussion on the drivers of single-family write-offs, see Single-Family Business Single-Family Problem Loan Management Single-Family Credit Loss Metrics and Loan Sale Performance. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Management 
 Liquidity Management 
 Our business activities require that we maintain adequate liquidity to fund our operations. Our liquidity risk management requirements are designed to address our liquidity and funding risk, which is the risk that we will not be able to meet our obligations when they come due, including the risk associated with the inability to access funding sources or manage fluctuations in funding levels. Liquidity and funding risk management involves forecasting funding requirements, maintaining sufficient capacity to meet our needs based on our ongoing assessment of financial market liquidity and adhering to our regulatory requirements. 
 Primary Sources and Uses of Funds 
 Our liquidity depends largely on our ability to issue debt in the capital markets, including both corporate debt and sales of our MBS securities. We believe that our status as a government-sponsored enterprise and continued federal government support are essential to maintaining our access to the debt markets. Substantially all of our sources and uses of funds identified below are both short-term and long-term in nature. 
 Our primary sources of cash include: 
 issuance of long-term and short-term corporate debt; 
 proceeds from the sale of mortgage-related securities, mortgage loans and other investments portfolio, including proceeds from sales of foreclosed real estate assets; 
 principal and interest payments received on mortgage loans, mortgage-related securities and non-mortgage investments we own; 
 guaranty fees received on Fannie Mae MBS, including the TCCA fees collected by us on behalf of Treasury; 
 payments received from mortgage insurance counterparties and other providers of credit enhancement; and 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 126 

MD A | Liquidity and Capital Management 

 borrowings we may make under a secured intraday funding line of credit or against mortgage-related securities and other investment securities we hold pursuant to repurchase agreements and loan agreements. 
 Our primary uses of funds include: 
 the repayment of matured, redeemed and repurchased debt; 
 the purchase of mortgage loans (including delinquent loans from MBS trusts), mortgage-related securities and other investments; 
 interest payments on outstanding debt; 
 administrative expenses; 
 losses, including advances for past due principal and interest, incurred in connection with our Fannie Mae MBS guaranty obligations; 
 payments of federal income taxes; 
 payments of TCCA fees to Treasury; and 
 payments associated with our credit risk transfer programs. 
 Liquidity and Funding Risk Management Practices and Contingency Planning 
 Many factors, both internal and external to our business, could influence our debt activity, affect the amount, mix and cost of our debt funding, reduce demand for our debt securities, increase our liquidity or roll over risk, or otherwise have a material adverse impact on our liquidity position, including: 
 changes or perceived changes in federal government support of our business or our debt securities; 
 changes in or the elimination of our status as a government-sponsored enterprise; 
 actions taken by FHFA, the Federal Reserve, Treasury or other government agencies; 
 legislation relating to us or our business; 
 a change or perceived change in the creditworthiness of the U.S. government, due to our reliance on the U.S. government s support; 
 a U.S. government payment default on its debt obligations; 
 a downgrade in the credit ratings of our senior unsecured debt or the U.S. government s debt from the major ratings organizations; 
 future changes or disruptions in the financial markets; 
 a systemic event leading to the withdrawal of liquidity from the market; 
 an extreme market-wide widening of credit spreads; 
 public statements by key policy makers; 
 a significant decline in our net worth; 
 potential investor concerns about the adequacy of funding available to us under or about changes to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement; 
 loss of demand for our debt, or certain types of our debt from a significant number of investors; 
 a significant credit or operational event involving one of our major institutional counterparties; or 
 a sudden catastrophic operational failure in the financial sector. 
 See Risk Factors for a discussion of the risks we face relating to: 
 the uncertain future of our company; 
 our reliance on the issuance of debt securities to obtain funds for our operations and the relative cost to obtain these funds; 
 our liquidity contingency plans; 
 our credit ratings; and 
 other factors that could adversely affect our ability to obtain adequate debt funding or otherwise negatively impact our liquidity, including the factors listed above. 
 Also see Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Treasury Agreements. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 127 

MD A | Liquidity and Capital Management 

 We maintain a liquidity management framework and conduct liquidity contingency planning to prepare for an event in which our access to the unsecured debt markets becomes limited. 
 Our liquidity requirements have four components we must meet: 
 a short-term cash flow metric that requires us to meet our expected cash outflows and continue to provide liquidity to the market over a 30-day period of stress, plus an additional 10 billion buffer; 
 an intermediate cash flow metric that requires us to meet our expected cash outflows and continue to provide liquidity to the market over a 365-day period of stress; 
 a specified minimum long-term debt to less-liquid asset ratio. Less-liquid assets are those that are not eligible to be pledged as collateral to Fixed Income Clearing Corporation; and 
 a requirement that we fund our assets with liabilities that have a specified minimum term relative to the term of the assets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we wer e in compliance with these requirements. 
 We run routine operational testing of our ability to rely upon mortgage and U.S. Treasury collateral to obtain financing. We enter into relatively small repurchase agreements in order to confirm that we have the operational and systems capability to do so. In addition, we have provided collateral in advance to clearing banks in the event we seek to enter into repurchase agreements in the future. We do not, however, have committed repurchase agreements with specific counterparties, as historically we have not relied on this form of funding. As a result, our use of such facilities and our ability to enter into them in significant dollar amounts may be challenging in a stressed market environment. See Other Investments Portfolio for further discussions of our alternative sources of liquidity if our access to the debt markets were to become limited. 
 While our liquidity contingency planning attempts to address stressed market conditions and our status in conservatorship, we believe those plans could be difficult or impossible to execute under stressed conditions for a company of our size in our circumstances. See Risk Factors Liquidity and Funding Risk for a description of the risks associated with our ability to fund operations and our liquidity contingency planning. 
 
 Debt Funding 
 We separately present the debt from consolidations Debt of consolidated trusts and the debt issued by us Debt of Fannie Mae in our consolidated balance sheets. This discussion regarding debt funding focuses on the debt of Fannie Mae. In addition to MBS issuances, we fund our business through the issuance of a variety of short-term and long-term debt securities in the domestic and international capital markets. Accordingly, we are subject to roll over, or refinancing, risk on our outstanding debt. 
 Our debt securities are actively traded in the over-the-counter market. We have a diversified funding base of domestic and international investors. Purchasers of our debt securities are geographically diversified and include fund managers, commercial banks, pension funds, insurance companies, foreign central banks, corporations, state and local governments, and other municipal authorities. We compete for low-cost debt funding with institutions that hold mortgage portfolios, including Freddie Mac and the FHLBs. 
 Our debt funding needs and debt funding activity may vary from period to period depending on market conditions, including refinance volumes, our capital and liquidity management, and the size of our retained mortgage portfolio. See Retained Mortgage Portfolio for information about our retained mortgage portfolio and limits on its size. 
 Our debt limit under our senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury decreased from 300 billion to 270 billion as of December 31, 2022. The unpaid principal balance of our aggregate indebtedness was 139.3 billion as of December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the terms of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, we are prohibited from issuing debt without the prior consent of Treasury if it would result in our aggregate indebtedness exceeding our outstanding debt limit. The calculation of our indebtedness for purposes of complying with our debt limit reflects the unpaid principal balance and excludes debt basis adjustments and debt of consolidated trusts. 
 Outstanding Debt 
 Total outstanding debt of Fannie Mae includes short-term and long-term debt and excludes debt of consolidated trusts. Short-term debt of Fannie Mae consists of borrowings with an original contractual maturity of one year or less and, therefore, does not include the current portion of long-term debt. Long-term debt of Fannie Mae consists of borrowings with an original contractual maturity of greater than one year. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 128 

MD A | Liquidity and Capital Management 

 The following chart and table display information on our outstanding short-term and long-term debt based on original contractual maturity. Our long-term debt continued to decrease in 2022 as our funding needs remained low and were primarily satisfied through cash and other liquid assets that accumulated in prior periods, as well as earnings retained from our operations. As a result, we did not replace all the long-term debt that matured during the year. 
 Debt of Fannie Mae 1 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 
 (1) Outstanding debt balance consists of the unpaid principal balance, premiums and discounts, fair value adjustments, hedge-related basis adjustments and other cost basis adjustments. Reported amounts include net discount unamortized cost basis adjustments and fair value adjustments of 5.1 billion and 1.6 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Short-term debt was 10.2 billion and 2.8 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Selected Debt Information As of December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in billions) Selected Weighted-Average Interest Rates (1) 
 Interest rate on short-term debt 3.93 0.03 Interest rate on long-term debt, including portion maturing within one year 
 2.23 1.55 Interest rate on callable debt 1.79 1.44 Selected Maturity Data Weighted-average maturity of debt maturing within one year (in days) 
 156 109 Weighted-average maturity of debt maturing in more than one year (in months) 
 52 57 Other Data Outstanding callable debt (2) 
 43.3 47.0 Connecticut Avenue Securities debt (3) 
 5.2 11.2 
 (1) Excludes the effects of fair value adjustments and hedge-related basis adjustments. 
 (2) Includes short-term callable debt of 590 million as of December 31, 2022. We had no short-term callable debt as of December 31, 2021. 
 (3) Represents CAS debt issued prior to November 2018. See Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management Single-Family Credit Enhancement and Transfer of Mortgage Credit Risk Credit Risk Transfer Transactions for information regarding our Connecticut Avenue Securities. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 129 

MD A | Liquidity and Capital Management 

 We intend to repay our short-term and long-term debt obligations as they become due primarily through cash from business operations, the sale of other liquid assets and the issuance of additional debt securities. 
 For information on the maturity profile of our outstanding long-term debt for each of the years 2023 through 2027 and thereafter, see Note 7, Short-Term and Long-Term Debt. 
 Debt Funding Activity 
 The table below displays activity in debt of Fannie Mae. This activity excludes the debt of consolidated trusts and intraday borrowing. The reported amounts of debt issued and paid off during each period represent the face amount of the debt at issuance and redemption. 
 Activity in Debt of Fannie Mae 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in millions) Issued during the period: Short-term: Amount 137,310 122,819 194,604 Weighted-average interest rate (1) 
 1.56 0.01 1.04 Long-term: (2) 
 Amount 1,961 2,815 198,528 Weighted-average interest rate 3.54 0.59 0.52 Total issued: Amount 139,271 125,634 393,132 Weighted-average interest rate 1.59 0.03 0.77 Paid off during the period: (3) 
 Short-term: 
 Amount 
 129,877 132,199 209,595 Weighted-average interest rate (1) 
 1.26 0.02 1.09 Long-term: (2) 
 Amount 
 72,570 80,938 76,308 Weighted-average interest rate 1.35 0.75 1.77 Total paid off: 
 Amount 
 202,447 213,137 285,903 Weighted-average interest rate 1.29 0.30 1.27 
 (1) Includes interest generated from negative interest rates on certain repurchase agreements, which offset our short-term funding costs. 
 (2) Includes credit risk-sharing securities issued as CAS debt prior to November 2018. For information on our credit risk transfer transactions, see Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management Single-Family Credit Enhancement and Transfer of Mortgage Credit Risk Credit Risk Transfer Transactions. 
 (3) Consists of all payments on debt, including regularly scheduled principal payments, payments at maturity, payments resulting from calls and payments for any other repurchases. Repurchases of debt and early retirements of zero-coupon debt are reported at original face value, which does not equal the amount of actual cash payment. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We enter into certain business arrangements to facilitate our statutory purpose of providing liquidity to the secondary mortgage market and to reduce our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. Some of these arrangements are not recorded in our consolidated balance sheets or may be recorded in amounts different from the full contract or notional amount of the transaction, depending on the nature or structure of, and the accounting required to be applied to, the arrangement. These arrangements are commonly referred to as off-balance sheet arrangements and expose us to potential losses in excess of the amounts recorded in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 130 

MD A | Liquidity and Capital Management 

 Our off-balance sheet arrangements result primarily from the following: 
 our guaranty of mortgage loan securitization and resecuritization transactions over which we have no control, which are reflected in our unconsolidated Fannie Mae MBS net of any beneficial ownership interest we retain, and other financial guarantees that we do not control; 
 liquidity support transactions; and 
 partnership interests. 
 The total amount of our off-balance sheet exposure related to unconsolidated Fannie Mae MBS net of any beneficial interest that we retain, and other financial guarantees was 246.7 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 226.4 billion as of December 31, 2021. The majority of the other financial guarantees consists of Freddie Mac securities backing Fannie Mae structured securities. See Guaranty Book of Business and Note 6, Financial Guarantees for more information regarding our maximum exposure to loss on unconsolidated Fannie Mae MBS and Freddie Mac securities. 
 Our total outstanding liquidity commitments to advance funds for securities backed by multifamily housing revenue bonds totaled 4.8 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 5.4 billion as of December 31, 2021. These commitments require us to advance funds to third parties that enable them to repurchase tendered bonds or securities that are unable to be remarketed. We hold cash and cash equivalents in our other investments portfolio in excess of these commitments to advance funds. 
 We make investments in various limited partnerships and similar legal entities, which consist of low-income housing tax credit investments, community investments and other entities. When we do not have a controlling financial interest in those entities, our consolidated balance sheets reflect only our investment rather than the full amount of the partnership s assets and liabilities. See Note 2, Consolidations and Transfers of Financial Assets Unconsolidated VIEs for information regarding our limited partnerships and similar legal entities. 
 Equity Funding 
 At this time, as a result of the covenants under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, Treasury s ownership of the warrant to purchase up to 79.9 of the total shares of our common stock outstanding and the uncertainty regarding our future, we do not have access to equity funding except through draws under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. For a description of the funding available and the covenants under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, see Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Treasury Agreements. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We have contractual obligations that affect our liquidity and capital resource requirements. These contractual obligations primarily consist of debt obligations (and associated interest payment obligations) and mortgage purchase commitments recognized on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 For information about the amounts, maturities and contractual interest rates of our obligations related to debt, see Note 7, Short-Term and Long-Term Debt. 
 For information about our mortgage purchase commitments, leases and other purchase obligations, see Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies. 
 Our contractual obligations also include 1.9 billion in cash received as collateral and future cash payments due under our unconditional and legally binding obligations to fund low-income housing tax credit partnership investments and other partnerships. These amounts are recognized on our consolidated balance sheets under Other liabilities. 
 In addition, our short- and long-term liquidity and capital resource needs may be affected by our contractual obligations to make the payments listed below. The amounts of these payments are uncertain and will depend on future events: 
 payments on our obligations to stand ready to perform under our guarantees relating to Fannie Mae MBS and other financial guarantees, including Fannie Mae commingled structured securities. The amount and timing of payments under these arrangements are generally contingent upon the occurrence of future events. For a description of the amount of our on- and off-balance sheet Fannie Mae MBS and other financial guarantees as of December 31, 2022, see Guaranty Book of Business and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; 
 payments associated with our CIRT, CAS REMIC, MCAS, and CAS CLN transactions, the amount and timing of which are contingent upon the occurrence of future credit and prepayment events for the related reference pool of mortgage loans. For further details on these transactions, please see Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management Single-Family Credit Enhancement and Transfer of Mortgage Credit Risk Categories of Our Credit Risk Transfer Transactions and Multifamily Business Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management Transfer of Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk; and 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 131 

MD A | Liquidity and Capital Management 

 payments related to our interest-rate risk management derivatives that may require cash settlement in future periods, the amount and timing of which depend on changes in interest rates. For further details on these transactions, please see Note 8, Derivative Instruments. 
 
 Other Investments Portfolio 
 The chart below displays information on the composition of our other investments portfolio. The balance of our other investments portfolio fluctuates as a result of changes in our cash flows, liquidity in the fixed-income markets, and our liquidity risk management framework and practices. Our other investments portfolio decreased during 2022 primarily as a result of declines in our corporate debt due to maturities, which reduced the balances available for investment. Additionally, we used cash and other liquid assets to fund our operations during 2022. 
 In the first quarter of 2021, we began to invest funds held by consolidated trusts directly in eligible short-term third-party investments. As the funds underlying these investments are restricted per the trust agreements, these securities are not considered in our sources of liquidity and are excluded from our other investments portfolio. Prior to this change, funds held by consolidated trusts were invested in Fannie Mae short-term debt, as allowed by the trust agreements. Those unrestricted proceeds were then invested in short-term investments, which were included in our other investments portfolio. This change did not materially alter our liquidity position. 
 
 Other Investments Portfolio 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 
 (1) Cash equivalents are composed of overnight repurchase agreements and U.S. Treasuries that have a maturity at the date of acquisition of three months or less. 
 
 Credit Ratings 
 Our credit ratings from the major credit ratings organizations, as well as the credit ratings of the U.S. government, are primary factors that could affect our ability to access the capital markets and our cost of funds. In addition, our credit ratings are important when we seek to engage in certain long-term transactions, such as derivative transactions. S P, Moody s and Fitch have all indicated that, if they were to lower the sovereign credit ratings on the U.S., they would likely lower their ratings on the debt of Fannie Mae and certain other government-related entities. In addition, actions by governmental entities impacting Treasury s support for our business or our debt securities could adversely affect the credit ratings of our senior unsecured debt. See Risk Factors Liquidity and Funding Risk for a discussion of the risks to our business relating to a decrease in our credit ratings, which could include an increase in our borrowing costs, limits on our ability to issue debt, and additional collateral requirements under our derivatives contracts. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 132 

MD A | Liquidity and Capital Management 

 The table below displays the credit ratings issued by the three major credit rating agencies. Fannie Mae Credit Ratings As of December 31, 2022 S P Moody s Fitch Long-term senior debt AA+ Aaa AAA Short-term senior debt A-1+ P-1 F1+ Preferred stock D Ca(hyb) C/RR6 Outlook Stable Stable Stable (for Long-Term Senior Debt) (for AAA rated Long-Term Issuer Default Ratings) 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 . Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents decreased from 108.6 billion as of December 31, 2021 to 87.8 billion as of December 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily driven by cash outflows from (1) payments on outstanding debt of consolidated trusts, (2) the redemption of funding debt, which outpaced issuances, primarily for the reasons described above, and (3) purchases of loans held for investment. 
 Partially offsetting these cash outflows were cash inflows primarily from (1) proceeds from repayments and sales of loans, (2) the sale of Fannie Mae MBS to third parties, and (3) proceeds from our investment in U.S. Treasury securities. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 . Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents decreased from 115.6 billion as of December 31, 2020 to 108.6 billion as of December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by cash outflows from (1) payments on outstanding debt of consolidated trusts, (2) purchases of loans held for investment, and (3) the redemption of funding debt, which outpaced issuances, primarily for the reasons described above. 
 Partially offsetting these cash outflows were cash inflows primarily from (1) the sale of Fannie Mae MBS to third parties, (2) proceeds from repayments and sales of loans, and (3) a decrease in our investment in U.S. Treasury securities. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 133 

MD A | Liquidity and Capital Management 

 Capital Management 
 Capital Requirements 
 The table below sets forth information about our capital requirements under the standardized approach of the enterprise regulatory capital framework. Available capital for purposes of the enterprise regulatory capital framework excludes the stated value of the senior preferred stock 120.8 billion) and other amounts specified in footnote 3 to the table below. Because of these exclusions, we had a deficit in available capital as of December 31, 2022, even though we had positive net worth under GAAP of 60.3 billion as of December 31, 2022. See Business Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters Capital Requirements for a description of our capital requirements under the enterprise regulatory capital framework. Although the enterprise regulatory capital framework went into effect in February 2021, we are not required to hold capital according to the framework s requirements until the date of termination of our conservatorship, or such later date as may be ordered by FHFA. 
 We had a 258 billion shortfall of our available capital (deficit) to the adjusted total capital requirement (including buffers) of 184 billion under the standardized approach of the rule as of December 31, 2022. Capital Metrics under the Enterprise Regulatory Capital Framework as of December 31, 2022 (1) 
 (Dollars in billions) Stress capital buffer 34 Stability capital buffer 45 Adjusted total assets 4,552 Countercyclical capital buffer Risk-weighted assets 1,316 Prescribed capital conservation buffer amount 79 Minimum Capital Ratio Requirement Minimum Capital Requirement Applicable Buffers (2) 
 Total Capital Requirement (including Buffers) Available Capital (Deficit) (3) 
 Capital Shortfall (4) 
 Risk-based capital: Total capital (statutory) (5) 
 8.0 105 N/A 105 (49) (154) Common equity tier 1 capital 4.5 59 79 138 (93) (231) Tier 1 capital 6.0 79 79 158 (74) (232) Adjusted total capital 8.0 105 79 184 (74) (258) Leverage capital: Core capital (statutory) (6) 
 2.5 114 N/A 114 (61) (175) Tier 1 capital 2.5 114 23 137 (74) (211) 
 (1) Ratios are calculated as a percentage of risk-weighted assets for risk-based capital metrics and as a percentage of adjusted total assets for leverage capital metrics. 
 (2) The applicable buffer for common equity tier 1 capital, tier 1 capital, and adjusted total capital is the PCCBA, which is composed of a stress capital buffer, a stability capital buffer, and a countercyclical capital buffer. The applicable buffer for tier 1 capital (leverage based) is the PLBA. The stress capital buffer and countercyclical capital buffer are each calculated by multiplying prescribed factors by adjusted total assets as of the last day of the previous calendar quarter. The 2022 stability capital buffer is calculated by multiplying a factor determined based on our share of mortgage debt outstanding by adjusted total assets as of December 31, 2020. The prescribed leverage buffer for 2022 is set at 50 of the 2022 stability buffer. Going forward the stability buffer and the prescribed leverage buffer will be updated with an effective date that depends on whether the stability capital buffer increases or decreases relative to the previously calculated value. 
 (3) Available capital (deficit) for all line items excludes the stated value of the senior preferred stock 120.8 billion). Available capital (deficit) for all line items except total capital and core capital also deducts a portion of deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences between GAAP and tax requirements are deducted from capital to the extent they exceed 10 of common equity. As of December 31, 2022, this resulted in the full deduction of deferred tax assets 12.9 billion) from our available capital (deficit). Available capital (deficit) for common equity tier 1 capital also excludes the value of the perpetual non-cumulative preferred stock 19.1 billion). 
 (4) Our capital shortfall consists of the difference between the applicable capital requirement (including buffers) and the applicable available capital (deficit). 
 (5) The sum of (a) core capital (see definition in footnote 6 below); and (b) a general allowance for foreclosure losses, which (i) shall include an allowance for portfolio mortgage losses, an allowance for non-reimbursable foreclosure costs on government claims, and an allowance for liabilities reflected on the balance sheet for estimated foreclosure losses on mortgage-backed securities; and (ii) shall not include any reserves made or held against specific assets; and (c) any other amounts from sources of funds available to absorb losses that the Director of FHFA by regulation determines are appropriate to include in determining total capital. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 134 

MD A | Liquidity and Capital Management 

 (6) The sum of (a) the stated value of our outstanding common stock (common stock less treasury stock); (b) the stated value of our outstanding non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock; (c) our paid-in capital; and (d) our retained earnings (accumulated deficit). Core capital does not include: (a) accumulated other comprehensive income or (b) senior preferred stock. 
 As a result of our capital shortfall, our maximum payout ratio under the enterprise regulatory capital framework as of December 31, 2022 was 0 . While it is not applicable until the date of termination of our conservatorship, our maximum payout ratio represents the percentage of eligible retained income that we are permitted to pay out in the form of distributions or discretionary bonus payments under the enterprise regulatory capital framework. The maximum payout ratio for a given quarter is the lowest of the payout ratios determined by our capital conservation buffer and our leverage buffer. See Note 12, Regulatory Capital Requirements for information on our capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 under the enterprise regulatory capital framework. 
 The table below presents certain components of our regulatory capital. Regulatory Capital Components (Dollars in billions) As of 
 December 31, 2022 
 Total equity 60 Less: Senior preferred stock 121 Preferred stock 
 19 Common equity (80) Less: deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that exceed 10 of common equity tier 1 capital and other regulatory adjustments 13 Common equity tier 1 capital (deficit) (93) Add: perpetual non-cumulative preferred stock 19 Tier 1 capital (deficit) (74) Tier 2 capital adjustments Adjusted total capital (deficit) (74) 
 The table below presents certain components of our core capital. 
 Statutory Capital Components (Dollars in billions) As of 
 December 31, 2022 
 Total equity 60 Less: Senior preferred stock 121 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes 
 Core capital (deficit) (61) Less: general allowance for foreclosure losses (12) Total capital (deficit) (49) 
 Capital Activity 
 Under the terms governing the senior preferred stock, no dividends were payable to Treasury for the fourth quarter of 2022 and none are payable for the first quarter of 2023. 
 Under the terms governing the senior preferred stock, through and including the capital reserve end date, any increase in our net worth during a fiscal quarter results in an increase in the same amount of the aggregate liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock in the following quarter. The capital reserve end date is defined as the last day of the second consecutive fiscal quarter during which we have had and maintained capital equal to, or in excess of, all of the capital requirements and buffers under the enterprise regulatory capital framework. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 135 

MD A | Liquidity and Capital Management 

 As a result of these terms governing the senior preferred stock, the aggregate liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock increased to 180.3 billion as of December 31, 2022 due to the 2.4 billion increase in our net worth in the third quarter of 2022. The aggregate liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock will further increase to 181.8 billion as of March 31, 2023, due to the 1.4 billion increase in our net worth in the fourth quarter of 2022. See Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Treasury Agreements for more information on the terms of our senior preferred stock, including how the aggregate liquidation preference is determined. 
 Increases in our net worth improve our capital position and our ability to absorb losses; however, increases in our net worth also increase the aggregate liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock by the same amount until the capital reserve end date as discussed above. 
 Treasury Funding Commitment 
 Treasury made a commitment under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement to provide funding to us under certain circumstances if we have a net worth deficit. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining amount of Treasury s funding commitment to us was 113.9 billion. See Note 11, Equity for more information on the funding commitment provided by Treasury under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. 
 
 Risk Management 
 We manage the risks that arise from our business activities through our enterprise risk management program. Our risk management activities are aligned with the requirements of FHFA s Enterprise Risk Management Advisory Bulletin, which are consistent with the general principles set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission s COSO Enterprise Risk Management ERM ): Integrating with Strategy and Performance framework. 
 We are exposed to the following major risk categories: 
 Credit Risk . Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from another party s failure to meet its contractual obligations. For financial securities or instruments, credit risk is the risk of not receiving principal, interest or other financial obligation on a timely basis. Our credit risk exposure exists primarily in connection with our guaranty book of business and our institutional counterparties. 
 Market Risk . Market risk is the risk of loss resulting from changes in the economic environment. Market risk arises from fluctuations in interest rates, exchange rates and other market rates and prices. Market risk includes interest-rate risk, which is the risk that movements in interest rates will adversely affect the value of our assets or liabilities or our future earnings or capital. Market risk also includes spread risk, which is the risk from changes in an instrument s value that relate to factors other than changes in interest rates. 
 Liquidity and Funding Risk . Liquidity and funding risk is the risk to our financial condition and resilience arising from an inability to meet obligations when they come due, including the risk associated with the inability to access funding sources or manage fluctuations in funding levels. 
 Operational Risk . Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or disruptions from external events. Operational risk includes cyber/information security risk, third-party risk and model risk. 
 We are also exposed to these additional risk categories: 
 Strategic Risk . Strategic risk is the risk of loss resulting from poor business decisions, poor implementation of business decisions or the failure to respond appropriately to changes in the industry or external environment. 
 Compliance Risk . Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, damage to current or projected financial condition, damage to business resilience or damage to reputation resulting from nonconformance with compliance obligations. These obligations include laws or regulations, prescribed practices, MBS trust agreements, supervisory guidance, conservator instruction, internal policies and procedures or ethical standards governing how we operate. Compliance risk exposes us to adverse actions by regulators, law enforcement or other government agencies, or private civil action, and financial losses incurred through fines, legal judgments, voiding of contracts or civil penalties. Compliance risk can result in damaged or diminished reputation, limited business opportunities and lessened expansion potential. 
 Reputational Risk . Reputational risk is the risk that substantial negative publicity may cause a decline in public perception of us, a decline in our customer base, costly litigation, revenue reductions or losses. 
 We are also exposed to climate risk. We view climate risk as a transverse risk driver that can manifest through a variety of the existing risk categories across our risk taxonomy. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 136 

MD A | Risk Management 

 For a more detailed discussion of these and other risks that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and net worth, see Risk Factors. 
 Components of Risk Management 
 Our risk management program is composed of four inter-related components that are designed to work together as a comprehensive risk management system aimed at enhancing our performance. 

Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 137 

MD A | Risk Management 

 Risk Management Governance 
 We manage risk by using the industry standard three lines of defense structure. Our Board of Directors and management-level risk committees are also integral to our risk management program. 

Mortgage Credit Risk Management Overview 
 Mortgage credit risk arises from the risk of loss resulting from the failure of a borrower to make required mortgage payments. We are exposed to credit risk on our book of business because we either hold mortgage assets, have issued a guaranty in connection with the creation of Fannie Mae MBS backed by mortgage assets or have provided other credit enhancements on mortgage assets. For more information on how we manage mortgage credit risk, see Business Managing Mortgage Credit Risk, Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management, and Multifamily Business Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management. 
 
 Climate and Natural Disaster Risk Management 
 Overview 
 There are risks and opportunities related to climate change that may impact an organization. Climate risks are divided into two main categories: risks related to the physical impacts of climate change; and risks related to a potential transition to a lower-carbon economy. Physical risks resulting from climate change can be event-driven risks relating to shorter-term extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, floods and tornadoes (referred to as acute risks) or related to longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as sustained higher temperatures, sea level rise, water scarcity and increased wildfires (referred to as chronic risks). Climate change presents both immediate and long-term risks to our business and other stakeholders in the housing system, including borrowers, renters, lenders, investors and insurers. 
 Recent years have seen frequent and severe natural disasters in the U.S., including hurricanes, wildfires and floods. Population growth and an increase in people living in high-risk areas, such as coastal areas vulnerable to severe storms and flooding, have also increased the impact of these events. Low- and moderate-income and minority households are disproportionately exposed to risks from severe weather events due in large part to historical under-investment in 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 138 

MD A | Risk Management | Climate and Natural Disaster Risk Management 

 infrastructure in their communities; these households typically have limited financial resources to withstand the economic impact of severe weather events. 
 We believe the frequency and intensity of major weather-related events in recent years are indicative of climate change, the impacts of which are expected to persist and worsen in the future. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the United Nations climate science research group, released their Sixth Assessment Report, Climate Change 2021: The Physical Science Basis, in 2021. The report notes that it is unequivocal that human activities have warmed the climate. 
 Climate-Related Risk Exposure and Risk Mitigation 
 Major weather events or other natural disasters expose us to credit risk in a variety of ways, including by damaging properties that secure mortgage loans in our book of business and by negatively impacting the ability of borrowers to make payments on their mortgage loans. The amount of losses we incur as a result of a major weather event or natural disaster depends significantly on the extent to which the resulting property damage is covered by hazard or flood insurance and whether borrowers are able and willing to continue making payments on their mortgages. The amount of losses we incur can also be affected by the extent that a disaster impacts the region, especially if it depresses the local economy, and by the availability of federal, state, or local assistance to borrowers affected by a disaster. To date, our losses from natural disasters have been limited by geographic diversity in our book of business, the availability of insurance coverage for damages sustained, the availability of federal, state or local disaster assistance, and borrowers with equity in their homes continuing to pay their mortgages. 
 For our multifamily loans, our multifamily lenders typically share with us approximately one-third of the credit risk through our DUS program. For single-family and multifamily loans covered in back-end credit risk transfer transactions, we retain a portion of the risk of future losses, including all or a portion of the first loss position in most transactions. To the extent weather and disaster-related losses on loans covered by these transactions were to exceed the amount of first loss we retain, a portion of those losses would be covered by the transactions. Mortgage insurance does not protect us from default risk for properties that suffer damages not covered by the hazard or flood insurance we require. For more information on our single-family credit risk transfer transactions, see Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management Single-Family Credit Enhancement and Transfer of Mortgage Credit Risk Credit Risk Transfer Transactions and for more information on our multifamily credit risk transfer transactions and our DUS program, see Multifamily Business Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management Transfer of Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk. 
 In general, we require borrowers to obtain and maintain property insurance to cover the risk of damage to their property resulting from hazards such as fire, wind and, for properties in areas identified by FEMA as Special Flood Hazard Areas, flooding. At the time of origination, a borrower is required to provide proof of such insurance, and our servicers have the right and the obligation to obtain such insurance, at the borrower s cost, if the borrower allows the required coverage to lapse. We do not generally require property insurance to cover damages from flooding in areas outside a Special Flood Hazard Area, or to cover earthquake damage to single-family properties or to multifamily properties unless required by a seismic-risk assessment. 
 In October 2021, FEMA launched Risk Rating 2.0, which is an actuarial and risk-based approach to pricing flood insurance premiums for properties based on their flood risk, irrespective of whether they are located in a Special Flood Hazard Area. Since October 1, 2021, all new flood insurance policies through FEMA s National Flood Insurance Program NFIP have been subject to Risk Rating 2.0 premiums, and all remaining policies that renew after April 1, 2022 are subject to the premiums. We expect the majority of households with insurance through the NFIP will experience a premium decrease or a slight increase. However, we expect a small fraction of those households will encounter significant increases in their annual flood insurance premiums. There is a statutory limit of annual increases in flood insurance premiums of 18 , which will mean some households will experience multiple years of increases. As Risk Rating 2.0 becomes applicable to an increasing number of policyholders and premiums increase in the coming years, the significant increase in premiums that will apply to some properties and communities may impact insurance affordability, uptake, and the maintenance of ongoing coverage, as well as property values. From the launch of FEMA s Risk Rating 2.0 in October 2021 through October 2022, according to FEMA data, the total number of structures with an NFIP flood insurance contract in force has declined by 5.2 . Data is not available on the portion of these structures without flood insurance coverage or with replacement private flood insurance coverage. As of December 31, 2022, 3.3 of loans in our single-family guaranty book of business and 6.8 of loans in our multifamily guaranty book of business were located in a Special Flood Hazard Area, for which we require flood insurance. 
 In the event of a natural or other disaster, our servicers work with affected borrowers to develop a plan that addresses the borrower s specific situation. Depending on the circumstances, the plan may include one or more of the following: a payment forbearance plan; a repayment or reinstatement plan; a payment deferral; loan modification; coordination with insurance companies and administration of insurance proceeds; and, if appropriate, foreclosure alternatives such as short sales and deeds-in-lieu of foreclosure, or foreclosure. In addition, Fannie Mae s Disaster Response Network TM 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 139 

MD A | Risk Management | Climate and Natural Disaster Risk Management 

 offers renters and single-family borrowers free financial counseling from HUD-approved housing counselors, including help in developing a recovery assessment and action plan, filing claims, working with mortgage servicers, and identifying and navigating sources of federal, state and local assistance. We also have a dedicated team at Fannie Mae focused on coordinating company-wide efforts to support communities affected by natural disasters as they recover. These activities are designed to assist renters and borrowers affected by disasters and also help reduce our losses, and we continue to evaluate their impact and seek new options and resources to deploy in response to disasters. 
 Climate Risk Governance 
 The Board s Risk Policy and Capital Committee has primary oversight of climate-related risks to the company. The Board s Community Responsibility and Sustainability Committee oversees development and implementation of the company s climate risk strategy. The Audit Committee provides oversight of ESG-related reporting, which includes climate risk-related reporting. Several of our management-level committees have roles in climate risk oversight, escalation and decision-making. We have a Chief Climate Officer who leads a Climate Impact team. 
 Climate Risk Actions 
 We recognize that the increased frequency and intensity of major natural disasters poses risks for all stakeholders in the housing system, including borrowers, renters, lenders, investors, insurers and us. Our Climate Impact team is actively working to understand our exposures, identify best practices and strategies to mitigate the impacts such events can have on our guaranty book, sellers, servicers, and borrowers, and increase awareness on this issue. We continue to integrate climate considerations into our organization. Our approach to identifying, assessing, mitigating, and reporting on climate-related risks is informed by the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. 
 FHFA s 2023 conservatorship scorecard also includes objectives relating to climate risks and climate risk management. For information on FHFA s 2023 conservatorship scorecard objectives, see our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 10, 2023. 
 We continue to focus on analyzing our physical and transition risks, while also reviewing the landscape of modeling approaches and data needs to improve predictive results. We continue to develop our climate scenario methodologies and assess the addition of third-party climate models. 
 In 2022, we continued to prioritize raising awareness on issues related to climate risk, including taking the following actions: 
 Assisted select communities with climate analytics as a part of our Equitable Housing Finance Plan with the goal of trying to understand how climate information could be beneficial for potential future action. 
 Launched a flood risk awareness campaign in select markets focused on educating homeowners both inside and outside FEMA-designated Special Flood Hazard Areas about the risks of flooding. We hope to increase homeowners understanding of flood risk and hazards, as well as educate them on the importance of taking flood risk mitigation measures. 
 Worked on updates to the disclosure process and documents for our REO sales to increase transparency on and access to flood-related information. Under current residential real estate disclosure rules, which vary from state to state, potential homebuyers rarely receive information related to historical flooding and flood risk during the homebuying process. To help reduce this information gap, Fannie Mae requires property listing agents to disclose known flood events to prospective purchasers of our REO properties where a listing agent has knowledge or reports of prior flooding events. 
 Initiated a new nationwide flood survey and aim to share our insights and analysis with external stakeholders in 2023. 
 We are also focused on external outreach to help solve climate-related challenges. For example, we are working with the National Institute of Building Sciences to develop a roadmap on mitigation investment to help prepare for and better respond to the effects of climate change. 
 As the risks associated with climate change become an increasing focus for our business, we are taking steps to integrate climate risk considerations into our Enterprise Risk Management framework. We are focused on developing and implementing a comprehensive, integrated approach to the identification, assessment, and management of climate-related risks and opportunities. In furtherance of this goal, during 2022 we: 
 Incorporated climate-related considerations into aspects of our key business decision review process. 
 Established annual cadence guidelines for climate-related discussions at relevant management-level risk committees. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 140 

MD A | Risk Management | Climate and Natural Disaster Risk Management 

 Continued to assess data gaps relating to our assessment of climate-related risk. 
 Continued to review policies to identify changes to address climate-related risks. 
 Addressing climate and natural disaster risks will be critical to Fannie Mae s overall housing mission. We are exploring the role we, along with FHFA and others, can play in helping to address some of these risks. For example, we are working with internal and external stakeholders to develop and support climate and natural disaster resiliency standards. Given that improving resiliency of properties will take time, we are also focused on examining insurance requirements to promote financial stability of households impacted by severe weather. One other consideration is the impact of resiliency or energy efficiency standards on affordability. A key challenge will be to appropriately balance improvements in climate resiliency and energy efficiency with affordability, particularly in historically underserved communities. Developing solutions to these challenges is complicated by the range and diversity of affected stakeholders, the possible need for legislative or regulatory action, industry insurance capacity, and the need to balance risk mitigation, affordability and sustainability. 
 See Risk Factors Credit Risk for additional information on the risks we face from the occurrence of major natural or other disasters and the impact of climate change. 
 
 Institutional Counterparty Credit Risk Management 
 Overview 
 Institutional counterparty credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from the failure of an institutional counterparty to fulfill its contractual obligations to us. Our primary exposure to institutional counterparty credit risk exists with our: 
 credit guarantors, including mortgage insurers, reinsurers and multifamily lenders with risk sharing arrangements; 
 mortgage sellers and servicers; and 
 financial institutions that issue investments included in our other investments portfolio. 
 We also have counterparty exposure to: derivatives counterparties, custodial depository institutions; mortgage originators, investors and dealers; debt security dealers; central counterparty clearing institutions; and document custodians. 
 We routinely enter into a high volume of transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry resulting in a significant credit concentration with respect to this industry. We also may have multiple exposures to particular counterparties, as many of our institutional counterparties perform several types of services for us. Accordingly, if one of these counterparties were to become insolvent or otherwise default on its obligations to us, it could harm our business and financial results in a variety of ways. Our overall objective in managing institutional counterparty credit risk is to maintain individual and portfolio-level counterparty exposures within acceptable ranges based on our risk-based rating system. We seek to achieve this objective through the following: 
 establishment and observance of counterparty eligibility standards appropriate to each exposure type and level; 
 establishment of risk limits; 
 requiring collateralization of exposures where appropriate; and 
 exposure monitoring and management. 
 The expected shift in market conditions in 2023, including an expected lower volume of mortgage originations and an expected economic recession, could materially adversely affect the financial results and condition of some of our institutional counterparties, particularly non-depository mortgage sellers and servicers. See Risk Factors Credit Risk for additional discussion of the risks to our business if one or more of our institutional counterparties fails to fulfill their contractual obligations to us. 
 Establishment and Observance of Counterparty Eligibility Standards 
 The institutions with which we do business vary in size, complexity and geographic footprint. Because of this, counterparty eligibility criteria vary depending upon the type and magnitude of the risk exposure incurred. We use a risk-based approach to assess the credit risk of our counterparties through regular examination of their financial statements, confidential communication with the management of those counterparties and regular monitoring of publicly available credit rating information. This and other information is used to develop proprietary credit rating metrics that we use to assess credit quality. Factors including corporate or third-party support or guarantees, our knowledge of the counterparty and its management, reputation, quality of operations and experience are also important in determining the initial and continuing eligibility of a counterparty. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 141 

MD A | Risk Management | Institutional Counterparty Credit Risk Management 

 Establishment of Risk Limits 
 Institutions are assigned a risk limit to ensure that our risk exposure is maintained at a level appropriate for the institution s credit assessment and the time horizon for the exposure, as well as to diversify exposure so that we adequately manage our concentration risk. A corporate risk limit is first established at the counterparty level for the aggregate of all activity and then is divided among our individual business units. Our business units may further subdivide limits among products or activities. 
 Collateralization of Exposures 
 We may require collateral, letters of credit or investment agreements as a condition to approving exposure to a counterparty. Collateral requirements are determined after a comprehensive review of the credit quality and the level of risk exposure of each counterparty. We may require that a counterparty post collateral in the event of an adverse event such as a ratings downgrade. Collateral requirements are monitored and generally adjusted daily. 
 Exposure Monitoring and Management 
 The risk management functions of the individual business units are responsible for managing the counterparty exposures associated with their activities within risk limits. An oversight team that reports to our Chief Risk Officer is responsible for establishing and enforcing corporate policies and procedures regarding counterparties, establishing corporate limits and aggregating and reporting institutional counterparty exposure. We regularly update exposure limits for individual institutions and communicate changes to the relevant business units. We regularly report exposures against the risk limits to the Risk Policy and Capital Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Mortgage Insurers 
 We are generally required, pursuant to our charter, to obtain credit enhancements on single-family conventional mortgage loans that we purchase or securitize with LTV ratios over 80 at the time of purchase. We use several types of credit enhancements to manage our single-family mortgage credit risk, including primary and pool mortgage insurance coverage. Our primary exposure associated with mortgage insurers is that they will fail to fulfill their obligations to reimburse us for claims under our insurance policies. 
 Actions we take to manage this risk include: 
 maintaining financial and operational eligibility requirements that an insurer must meet to become and remain a qualified mortgage insurer; 
 regularly monitoring our exposure to individual mortgage insurers and mortgage insurer credit ratings, including in-depth financial reviews and analyses of the insurers portfolios and capital adequacy under hypothetical stress scenarios; 
 requiring certification and supporting documentation annually from each mortgage insurer; and 
 performing periodic reviews of mortgage insurers to confirm compliance with eligibility requirements and to evaluate their management, control and underwriting practices. 
 The master policies issued by our primary mortgage insurers govern their claim-paying obligations to us, including circumstances in which significant underwriting or servicing defects might permit the mortgage insurer to rescind coverage or deny a claim. Where a claim has not been properly paid as a result of lender non-compliance with their obligation to maintain coverage, the lender is required to make us whole for losses not covered by the insurer. In recent years, the risk of coverage rescission has been mitigated both by the quality control standards required by private mortgage insurer eligibility requirements PMIERs ), which have helped reduce the number of significant underwriting defects, and also by rescission relief principles we require in mortgage insurer master policies. Generally, the rescission relief principles align with our representation and warranty framework and require our primary mortgage insurers to waive their rescission rights after a mortgage has performed for at least 36 months or if they have completed a full review of the loan and found no significant defects. See below for a discussion of the PMIERs. 
 In describing our mortgage insurance coverage, insurance in force refers to the unpaid principal balance of single-family loans in our conventional guaranty book of business covered under the applicable mortgage insurance policies. Our total mortgage insurance in force was 744.3 billion, or 20 of our single-family conventional guaranty book of business, as of December 31, 2022, compared with 692.3 billion, or 20 of our single-family conventional guaranty book of business, as of December 31, 2021. 
 Risk in force refers to the maximum potential loss recovery under the applicable mortgage insurance policies in force and is generally based on the loan-level insurance coverage percentage and, if applicable, any aggregate pool loss limit, as specified in the policy. As of December 31, 2022, our total mortgage insurance risk in force was 193.8 billion, 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 142 

MD A | Risk Management | Institutional Counterparty Credit Risk Management 

 or 5 of our single-family conventional guaranty book of business, compared with 176.8 billion, or 5 of our single-family conventional guaranty book of business, as of December 31, 2021. 
 Our total mortgage insurance in force and risk in force excludes insurance coverage provided by federal government entities and credit insurance obtained through CIRT deals. 
 The charts below display our mortgage insurer counterparties that provided 10 or more of the risk-in-force mortgage insurance coverage on the single-family loans in our conventional guaranty book of business. 
 Mortgage Insurer Concentration (1) 
 Arch Capital Group Ltd. Radian Guaranty, Inc. Mortgage Guaranty Insurance Corp. Enact Mortgage Insurance Corp. (2) 
 Essent Guaranty, Inc. National Mortgage Insurance Corp. Others 
 (1) Insurance coverage amounts provided for each counterparty may include coverage provided by affiliates and subsidiaries of the counterparty. 
 (2) Genworth Mortgage Insurance Corp. was renamed Enact Mortgage Insurance Corp. effective February 7, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 1 of our total risk-in-force coverage was held with three mortgage insurers that are in run-off, and therefore are no longer approved to write new insurance with us. 
 Mortgage insurers must meet and maintain compliance with PMIERs to be eligible to write mortgage insurance on loans acquired by Fannie Mae. The PMIERs are designed to ensure that mortgage insurers have sufficient liquid assets to pay all claims under a hypothetical future stress scenario. 
 See Risk Factors Credit Risk for a discussion of the risks to our business of claims under our mortgage insurance policies not being paid in full or at all. 
 
 Reinsurers 
 We use CIRT deals to transfer credit risk on a pool of loans to an insurance provider that retains the risk, or to an insurance provider that simultaneously cedes all of its risk to one or more reinsurers. In CIRT transactions, we select the insurance providers and approve the allocation of coverage that may be simultaneously transferred to reinsurers by a direct provider of our CIRT insurance coverage. We take certain steps to increase the likelihood that we will recover on the claims we file with the insurers, including the following: 
 In our approval and selection of CIRT insurers and reinsurers, we take into account the financial strength of those companies and the concentration risk that we have with those counterparties. 
 We monitor the financial strength of CIRT insurers and reinsurers to confirm compliance with our requirements and to minimize potential exposure. Changes in the financial strength of an insurer or reinsurer may impact our future allocation of new CIRT insurance coverage to those providers. In addition, a material deterioration of the financial strength of a CIRT insurer or reinsurer may permit us to terminate existing CIRT coverage pursuant to terms of the CIRT insurance policy. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 143 

MD A | Risk Management | Institutional Counterparty Credit Risk Management 

 We require a portion of the insurers or reinsurers obligations in a CIRT transaction to be collateralized with highly-rated liquid assets held in a trust account. The required amount of collateral is initially determined according to the ratings of the insurer or reinsurer. Contractual provisions require additional collateral to be posted in the event of adverse developments with the counterparty, such as a ratings downgrade. 
 The charts below display the concentration of our credit risk exposure to our top five CIRT counterparties, measured by maximum liability to us, excluding the benefit of collateral we hold to secure the counterparties obligations. 
 CIRT Counterparty Concentration 
 Top 5 Others 
 As of December 31, 2022, our CIRT counterparties had a maximum liability to us of 14.8 billion. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 4.2 billion in liquid assets securing CIRT counterparties obligations were held in trust accounts. 
 Our top five CIRT counterparties had a maximum liability to us of 7.4 billion as of December 31, 2022, compared with 5.4 billion as of December 31, 2021. 
 For information on our credit risk transfer transactions, see Single-Family Business Single-Family Mortgage Credit Risk Management Single-Family Credit Enhancement and Transfer of Mortgage Credit Risk Credit Risk Transfer Transactions and Multifamily Business Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management Transfer of Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk. 
 
 Multifamily Lenders with Risk Sharing 
 We enter into risk sharing agreements with multifamily lenders, primarily through the DUS program, pursuant to which the lenders agree to bear all or some portion of the credit losses on the covered loans. Our maximum potential loss recovery from lenders under risk sharing agreements on multifamily loans was 103.9 billion as of December 31, 2022, compared with 97.6 billion as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, 53 of our maximum potential loss recovery on multifamily loans was from five DUS lenders as compared with 52 as of December 31, 2021. 
 As noted above in Multifamily Business Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk Management Transfer of Multifamily Mortgage Credit Risk, our primary multifamily delivery channel is our DUS program, which is composed of lenders that range from large depositories to independent non-bank financial institutions. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 32 of the unpaid principal balance of loans in our multifamily guaranty book of business serviced by our DUS lenders was from institutions with an external investment grade credit rating or a guaranty from an affiliate with an external investment grade credit rating, compared with approximately 33 as of December 31, 2021. Given the recourse nature of the DUS program, DUS lenders are bound by eligibility standards that dictate, among other items, minimum capital and liquidity levels, and the posting of collateral at a highly rated custodian to secure a portion of the lenders future obligations. We actively monitor the financial condition of these lenders to help ensure the level of risk remains within our standards and to ensure required capital levels are maintained and are in alignment with actual and modeled loss projections. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 144 

MD A | Risk Management | Institutional Counterparty Credit Risk Management 

 Mortgage Servicers and Sellers 
 The primary risk associated with mortgage servicers that service the loans in our guaranty book of business is that they will fail to fulfill their servicing obligations. See Single-Family Business Single-Family Primary Business Activities Single-Family Mortgage Servicing and Multifamily Business Multifamily Primary Business Activities Multifamily Mortgage Servicing for more discussion on the services performed by our mortgage servicers. 
 A servicing contract breach could result in credit losses for us or could cause us to incur the cost of finding a replacement servicer. We could incur costs and potential increases in servicing fees and could also face operational risks if we replace a mortgage servicer. If a mortgage servicer fails, it could result in a temporary disruption in servicing and loss mitigation activities relating to the loans serviced by that mortgage servicer, particularly if there is a loss of experienced servicing personnel. See Risk Factors Credit Risk for a discussion of additional risks to our business and financial results associated with mortgage servicers. 
 We mitigate these risks in several ways, including by: 
 establishing minimum standards and financial requirements for our servicers; 
 monitoring financial and portfolio performance as compared with peers and internal benchmarks; 
 for our largest mortgage servicers, conducting periodic financial reviews to confirm compliance with servicing guidelines and servicing performance expectations; and 
 identifying a group of servicers as potential contingency sub-servicers to which we could transfer the servicing of some of the loans in our single-family guaranty book in the event one or more of our top mortgage servicers is not able or permitted to continue servicing our loans on our behalf. 
 We may take one or more of the following actions to mitigate our credit exposure to mortgage servicers that present a higher risk: 
 require a guaranty of obligations by higher-rated entities; 
 transfer exposure to third parties; 
 require collateral; 
 establish more stringent financial requirements; 
 work with underperforming major servicers to improve operational processes; and 
 suspend or terminate the selling and servicing relationship if deemed appropriate. 
 A large portion of our single-family guaranty book is serviced by non-depository servicers, particularly our delinquent single-family loans. Non-depository servicers also service a large portion of our multifamily guaranty book. Compared with depository financial institutions, these institutions pose additional risks to us because they generally do not have the same financial strength and liquidity as our mortgage servicer counterparties that are depository institutions. Unlike for depository servicers, much of the capital of non-depository servicers is represented by the value of mortgage servicing rights, which is subject to variability based on market conditions and therefore is an important factor in determining capital adequacy. Non-depository servicers also are generally not subject to the same level of regulatory oversight as our mortgage servicer counterparties that are depository institutions. We require non-depository servicers to meet minimum liquidity requirements to maintain eligibility with Fannie Mae. We actively monitor the financial condition and capital adequacy of non-depository servicers, including their compliance with our requirements. 
 In August 2022, FHFA announced updated minimum financial eligibility requirements for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac single-family mortgage sellers and servicers. We use these financial eligibility requirements to monitor and manage our risk exposures to non-depository single-family sellers and servicers while largely relying on banking regulators prudential capital and liquidity standards as financial requirements for depository single-family sellers and servicers. Under the financial eligibility requirements, both depository and non-depository single-family sellers and servicers are subject to the same tangible net worth requirements. These new requirements will increase capital and liquidity requirements for our single-family non-depository sellers and servicers, including some requirements that apply only to large non-depository sellers and servicers. The majority of the new financial eligibility requirements are effective on September 30, 2023, with the remaining requirements going into effect on December 31, 2023 or March 31, 2024. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 145 

MD A | Risk Management | Institutional Counterparty Credit Risk Management 

 The charts below display the percentage of our single-family conventional guaranty book of business serviced by our top five depository single-family mortgage servicers and top five non-depository single-family mortgage servicers. 
 Single-Family Mortgage Servicer Concentration 
 Top 5 depository servicers Top 5 non-depository servicers Others 
 As of December 31, 2022, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., together with its affiliates, serviced approximately 9 of our single-family conventional guaranty book of business, compared with 10 as of December 31, 2021. In January 2023, Wells Fargo Bank announced its plan to reduce the size of its servicing portfolio. We anticipate that this may increase the concentration of our single-family conventional guaranty book serviced by non-depository servicers. See Risk Factors Credit Risk for more information about risks relating to non-depository servicers. 
 The charts below display the percentage of our multifamily guaranty book of business serviced by our top five depository multifamily mortgage servicers and top five non-depository multifamily mortgage servicers. 
 Multifamily Mortgage Servicer Concentration 
 Top 5 depository servicers Top 5 non-depository servicers Others 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, two of our multifamily mortgage servicers, together with their affiliates, serviced 10 or more of our multifamily guaranty book of business: Walker Dunlop, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 146 

MD A | Risk Management | Institutional Counterparty Credit Risk Management 

 Counterparty Credit Exposure Relating to our Other Investments Portfolio 
 The primary credit exposure associated with assets held in our other investments portfolio is that issuers will not repay principal and interest in accordance with the contractual terms. If one of these counterparties fails to meet its obligations to us under the terms of the investments, it could result in financial losses to us and have a material adverse effect on our earnings, liquidity, financial condition and net worth. We believe the risk of default is low because our other investments portfolio primarily consists of cash and cash equivalents, reverse repurchase agreements with a central counterparty clearing institution or The Federal Reserve Bank of New York and U.S. Treasury securities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our other investments portfolio totaled 116.0 billion and included 46.9 billion of U.S. Treasury securities. As of December 31, 2021, our other investments portfolio totaled 133.2 billion and included 83.6 billion of U.S. Treasury securities. We mitigate our risk by monitoring the credit risk position of our other investments portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, we held 11.0 billion in overnight unsecured deposits with five financial institutions, compared with 7.7 billion held with four financial institutions as of December 31, 2021. The short-term credit ratings for each of these financial institutions by S P, Moody s and Fitch were at least A-1 or the Moody s or Fitch equivalent of A-1. 
 See Liquidity and Capital Management Liquidity Management Other Investments Portfolio for more information on our other investments portfolio. See Risk Factors Liquidity and Funding Risk for a discussion of the potential adverse impact on the value of our other investments portfolio if the U.S. government were to default on its obligations or if the market anticipates such a default is likely. 
 
 Other Counterparties 
 Derivative Counterparty Credit Exposure 
 The primary credit exposure that we have on a derivative transaction is that a counterparty will default on payments due, which could result in us having to acquire a replacement derivative from a different counterparty at a higher cost or we may be unable to find a suitable replacement. Our derivative counterparty credit exposure relates principally to interest-rate derivative contracts. 
 Derivative instruments may be privately negotiated contracts, which are often referred to as OTC derivatives, or they may be listed and traded on an exchange where they are accepted for clearing by a derivatives clearing organization as our cleared derivative transactions. 
 Actions we take to manage our derivative counterparty credit exposure relating to our OTC derivative transactions include: 
 entering into enforceable master netting arrangements with these counterparties, which allow us to net derivative assets and liabilities with the same counterparty; and 
 requiring counterparties to post collateral, which includes cash, U.S. Treasury securities, agency debt and agency mortgage-related securities. 
 We manage our credit exposure relating to our cleared derivative transactions through enforceable master netting arrangements. These arrangements allow us to net our exposure to cleared derivatives by clearing organization and by clearing member. 
 Our cleared derivative transactions are submitted to a derivatives clearing organization on our behalf through a clearing member of the organization. A contract accepted by a derivatives clearing organization is governed by the terms of the clearing organization s rules and arrangements between us and the clearing member of the clearing organization. As a result, we are exposed to the institutional credit risk of both the derivatives clearing organization and the member who is acting on our behalf. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 82 of our derivatives transactions were cleared through a clearing organization, compared with 70 as of December 31, 2021. 
 See Note 8, Derivative Instruments and Note 14, Netting Arrangements for additional information on our derivative contracts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Counterparty Credit Risk Exposure Arising from the Resecuritization of Freddie Mac-Issued Securities 
 We have been resecuritizing Freddie Mac-issued securities since June 2019 when we began issuing UMBS, which has increased our credit risk exposure and operational risk exposure to Freddie Mac. Although we have an indemnification agreement with Freddie Mac, in the event Freddie Mac were to fail (for credit or operational reasons) to make a payment on Freddie Mac securities that we had resecuritized in a Fannie Mae-issued structured security, we would be responsible for making the entire payment on the Freddie Mac securities included in that structured security in order to make payments on any of our outstanding single-family Fannie Mae MBS to be paid on that payment date. Accordingly if Freddie Mac were to fail to meet its obligations under the terms of these securities, it could have a material adverse 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 147 

MD A | Risk Management | Institutional Counterparty Credit Risk Management 

 effect on our earnings and financial condition. We believe the risk of default by Freddie Mac is negligible because of the funding commitment available to Freddie Mac through its senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 234.0 billion in Freddie Mac securities were backing Fannie Mae-issued structured securities, compared with 212.3 billion as of December 31, 2021. See Business Mortgage Securitizations Uniform Mortgage-Backed Securities, or UMBS and Risk Factors GSE and Conservatorship Risk for more information on risks associated with our issuance of UMBS. 
 Central Counterparty Clearing Institutions 
 Fannie Mae is a clearing member of two divisions of Fixed Income Clearing Corporation FICC ), a central counterparty CCP ). One FICC division clears our trades involving securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and other non-mortgage related securities. The other division clears our forward purchase and sale commitments of mortgage-related securities, including dollar roll transactions. As a result of these trades, we are required to post initial and variation margin payments as well as settle certain positions daily in cash. As a clearing member of FICC, we are exposed to the risk that the FICC or one or more of the CCP s clearing members fails to perform its obligations as described below. 
 A default by or the financial or operational failure of FICC would require us to replace contracts cleared through FICC, thereby increasing operational costs and potentially resulting in losses. 
 We may also be exposed to losses if a clearing member of FICC defaults on its obligations as each clearing member is required to absorb a portion of those fellow-clearing member losses. As a result, we could lose the margin that we have posted to FICC. Moreover, our exposure could exceed the amount of margin that we previously posted to FICC, since FICC s rules require non-defaulting clearing members to cover, on a pro rata basis, losses caused by a clearing member s default. 
 We are unable to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments that we could be required to make to FICC under these arrangements as our exposure is dependent on the volume of trades FICC clearing members execute now and in the future, which varies daily. Although we are unable to develop an estimate of our maximum exposure, we expect that losses caused by any clearing member would be partially offset by the fair value of margin posted by the defaulting clearing member and any other available assets of the CCP for those purposes. We believe that the risk of a material loss is remote due to the FICC's margin and settlement requirements, guarantee funds and other resources that are available in the event of a default. 
 We actively monitor the risks associated with the FICC in order to effectively manage this counterparty risk and our associated liquidity exposure. 
 Custodial Depository Institutions 
 Our mortgage servicer counterparties are required by our Servicing Guide to use custodial depository institutions to hold remittances of borrower payments of principal and interest on our behalf. If a custodial depository institution were to fail while holding such remittances, we would be exposed to risk for balances in excess of the deposit insurance protection and might not be able to recover all of the principal and interest payments being held by the depository on our behalf, or there might be a substantial delay in receiving these amounts. If this were to occur, we would be required to replace these amounts with our own funds to make payments that are due to Fannie Mae MBS certificateholders. Accordingly, the insolvency of one of our principal custodial depository institutions could result in significant financial losses to us. To mitigate these risks, our Servicing Guide requires our mortgage servicer counterparties to use custodial depository institutions that are insured, that are rated as well capitalized by their regulator and that meet certain minimum financial ratings from third-party agencies. 
 Mortgage Originators, Investors and Dealers 
 We are routinely exposed to pre-settlement risk through the purchase or sale of mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities with mortgage originators, mortgage investors and mortgage dealers. The risk is the possibility that the counterparty will be unable or unwilling to either deliver mortgage assets or compensate us for the cost to cancel or replace the transaction. We manage this risk by determining position limits with these counterparties, based upon our assessment of their creditworthiness, and by monitoring and managing these exposures. 
 Debt Security Dealers 
 The credit risk associated with dealers that commit to place our debt securities is that they will fail to honor their contracts to take delivery of the debt, which could result in delayed issuance of the debt through another dealer. We manage these risks by establishing approval standards, monitoring our exposure positions and monitoring changes in the credit quality of dealers. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 148 

MD A | Risk Management | Institutional Counterparty Credit Risk Management 

 Document Custodians 
 We use third-party document custodians to provide loan document certification and custody services for some of the loans that we purchase and securitize. In many cases, our lenders or their affiliates also serve as document custodians for us. Our ownership rights to the mortgage loans that we own or that back our Fannie Mae MBS could be challenged if a lender intentionally or negligently pledges or sells the loans that we purchased or fails to obtain a release of prior liens on the loans that we purchased, which could result in financial losses to us. When a lender or one of its affiliates acts as a document custodian for us, the risk that our ownership interest in the loans may be adversely affected is increased, particularly in the event the lender were to become insolvent. We mitigate these risks through legal and contractual arrangements with these custodians that identify our ownership interest, as well as by establishing qualifying standards for document custodians and requiring removal of the documents to our possession or to an independent third-party document custodian if we have concerns about the solvency or competency of the document custodian. 
 The MERS System 
 The MERS System is an electronic registry owned by Intercontinental Exchange that is widely used by participants in the mortgage finance industry to track servicing rights and ownership of loans in the United States. A large portion of the loans we own or guarantee are registered and tracked in the MERS System. Though we believe it is unlikely, if we are unable to use the MERS System, or if our use of the MERS System adversely affects our ability to enforce our rights with respect to our loans registered and tracked in the MERS System, it could create operational and legal risks for us and increase the costs and time it takes to record loans or foreclose on loans. 
 
 Market Risk Management, including Interest-Rate Risk Management 
 We are subject to market risk, which includes interest-rate risk and spread risk. These risks arise primarily from our mortgage asset investments. Interest-rate risk is the risk that movements in interest rates will adversely affect the value of our assets or liabilities or our future earnings or capital. Spread risk is the risk from changes in an instrument s value that relate to factors other than changes in interest rates. 
 Interest-Rate Risk Management 
 Our goal is to manage market risk from our net portfolio to be neutral to movements in interest rates and volatility, subject to model constraints and prevailing market conditions. We define our net portfolio as: our retained mortgage portfolio assets; our other investments portfolio; outstanding debt of Fannie Mae used to fund the retained mortgage portfolio assets and other investments portfolio; mortgage commitments; and risk management derivatives. 
 We employ an integrated interest-rate risk management strategy that allows for informed risk taking within pre-defined corporate risk limits. Decisions regarding our strategy in managing interest-rate risk are based upon our corporate market risk policy and limits that are approved by our Board of Directors. 
 We monitor current market conditions, including the interest-rate environment, to assess the impact of these conditions on individual positions and our interest-rate risk profile. In addition to qualitative factors, we use various quantitative risk metrics in determining the appropriate composition of our retained mortgage portfolio, our investments in non-mortgage securities and relative mix of debt and derivatives positions in order to remain within pre-defined risk tolerance levels that we consider acceptable. We regularly disclose two interest-rate risk metrics that estimate our interest-rate exposure: (1) fair value sensitivity to changes in interest-rate levels and the slope of the yield curve and (2) duration gap. 
 The metrics used to measure our interest-rate exposure are generated using internal models. Our internal models, consistent with standard practice for models used in our industry, require numerous assumptions. There are inherent limitations in any methodology used to estimate the exposure to changes in market interest rates. The reliability of our prepayment estimates and interest-rate risk metrics depends on the availability and quality of historical data for each of the types of securities in our net portfolio, as discussed below. When market conditions change rapidly and dramatically, the assumptions of our models may no longer accurately capture or reflect the changing conditions. See Risk Factors Operational Risk for a discussion of the risks associated with our reliance on models to manage risk. 
 Sources of Interest-Rate Risk Exposure 
 Our mortgage assets consist mainly of single-family and multifamily mortgage loans. For single-family loans, borrowers have the option to prepay at any time before the scheduled maturity date. This prepayment uncertainty results in a potential mismatch between the timing of receipt of cash flows related to our assets and the timing of payment of cash flows related to our liabilities. Changes in interest rates, as well as other factors, influence mortgage prepayment rates and duration and also affect the value of our mortgage assets. When interest rates decrease, prepayment rates on fixed-rate mortgages generally accelerate because borrowers usually can pay off their existing mortgages and refinance at lower rates. Accelerated prepayment rates have the effect of shortening the duration and average life of the fixed-rate 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 149 

MD A | Risk Management | Market Risk Management, including Interest-Rate Risk Management 

 mortgage assets we hold in our net portfolio. In a declining interest-rate environment, existing mortgage assets held in our net portfolio tend to increase in value or price because these mortgages are likely to have higher interest rates than new mortgages, which are being originated at the then-current lower interest rates. Conversely, when interest rates increase, prepayment rates generally slow, which extends the duration and average life of our mortgage assets and results in a decrease in value. Interest rates also affect the value of our non-mortgage assets, which are primarily fixed-rate securities. As interest rates decline, the value of our fixed-rate securities tend to increase with the opposite impact when rates rise. 
 We are also exposed to interest-rate risk in connection with cost basis adjustments related to mortgage assets, mainly single-family and multifamily mortgage loans, held by our consolidated MBS trusts. These cost basis adjustments often result from upfront cash fees exchanged at the time of loan acquisition, which include buy-ups, buy-downs, and loan-level risk-based price adjustments. The timing of when we recognize amortization income related to cost basis adjustments may be affected by prepayments, thereby impacting our earnings. Changes in the timing of income recognition related to cost basis adjustments impact the present value of this income. See Consolidated Results of Operations Net Interest Income Analysis of Deferred Amortization Income for more information on our outstanding net cost basis adjustments related to consolidated MBS trusts. 
 We are also exposed to interest-rate risk in connection with the float income earned by MBS trusts on the short-term reinvestment of loan payments received from borrowers in highly liquid investments with short maturities, such as U.S. Treasury securities. This float income is paid to us as trust management income and recorded within Net interest income in our consolidated financial statements. Changes in interest rates impact the amount of float income generated by MBS trusts and our float reinvestment yields. Typically, interest-rate driven changes in the timing of income recognition related to cost basis amortization are partially offset by interest-rate driven changes in the amount of float income earned. 
 For additional discussion of how interest rates can affect our financial results, see Key Market Economic Indicators How Interest Rates Can Affect Our Financial Results. 
 Interest-Rate Risk Management Strategy 
 Our goal for managing the interest-rate risk of our net portfolio is to be neutral to movements in interest rates and volatility. This involves asset selection and structuring of our liabilities to match and offset the interest-rate characteristics of our retained mortgage portfolio and our investments in non-mortgage securities. We have actively managed the interest-rate risk of our net portfolio through a strategy incorporating the following principal elements: 
 Debt Instruments. We issue a broad range of both callable and non-callable debt instruments to manage the duration and prepayment risk of expected cash flows of the mortgage assets we own. 
 Derivative Instruments. We supplement our issuance of debt with derivative instruments to further reduce duration and prepayment risks. 
 Monitoring and Active Portfolio Rebalancing. We continually monitor our risk positions and actively rebalance our portfolio of interest rate-sensitive financial instruments to maintain a close match between the duration of our assets and liabilities. 
 Fair Value Hedge Accounting. We utilize fair value hedge accounting to align the timing of when we recognize the interest-rate driven fair value changes in hedged mortgage loans and funding debt with derivative hedging instruments to mitigate GAAP earnings exposure to interest-rate changes, including any short-term earnings volatility that might result from economic hedging. 
 We do not currently actively manage or hedge, on an economic basis, our spread risk, or the interest-rate risk arising from cost basis adjustments and float income associated with mortgage assets held by our consolidated MBS trusts. Our spread risk includes the impact of changes in the spread between our mortgage assets and debt (referred to as mortgage-to-debt spreads) after we purchase mortgage assets. For mortgage assets in our portfolio that we intend to hold to maturity to realize the contractual cash flows, we accept period-to-period volatility in our financial performance attributable to changes in mortgage-to-debt spreads that occur after our purchase of mortgage assets. See Risk Factors Market and Industry Risk for a discussion of the risks to our business posed by changes in interest rates and changes in spreads. See Earnings Exposure to Interest-Rate Risk below for the impact of market risk on our earnings. 
 Debt Instruments 
 Historically, the primary tool we have used to fund the purchase of mortgage assets and manage the interest-rate risk implicit in our mortgage assets is the variety of debt instruments we issue. The debt we issue is a mix that typically consists of short- and long-term, non-callable and callable debt. The varied maturities and flexibility of these debt combinations help us in reducing the mismatch of cash flows between assets and liabilities in order to manage the duration risk associated with an investment in long-term fixed-rate assets. Callable debt helps us manage the 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 150 

MD A | Risk Management | Market Risk Management, including Interest-Rate Risk Management 

 prepayment risk associated with fixed-rate mortgage assets because the duration of callable debt changes when interest rates change in a manner similar to changes in the duration of mortgage assets. See Liquidity and Capital Management Liquidity Management Debt Funding for additional information on our debt activity. 
 Derivative Instruments 
 Derivative instruments also are an integral part of our strategy in managing interest-rate risk. See Note 8, Derivative Instruments for a description of the derivatives we use for interest-rate risk management purposes and the factors we consider in deciding whether to use derivatives. 
 We use interest-rate swaps, interest-rate options and futures, in combination with our issuance of debt securities, to better match the duration of our assets with the duration of our liabilities. We are generally an end-user of derivatives; our principal purpose in using derivatives is to manage our aggregate interest-rate risk profile within prescribed risk parameters. We generally only use derivatives that are relatively liquid and straightforward to value. We use derivatives for four primary purposes: 
 as a substitute for notes and bonds that we issue in the debt markets; 
 to achieve risk management objectives not obtainable with debt market securities; 
 to quickly and efficiently rebalance our portfolio; and 
 to hedge foreign currency exposure. 
 Decisions regarding the repositioning of our derivatives portfolio are based upon current assessments of our interest-rate risk profile and economic conditions, including the composition of our retained mortgage portfolio, our investments in non-mortgage securities and relative mix of our debt and derivative positions, the interest-rate environment and expected trends. 
 
 Measurement of Interest-Rate Risk 
 Below we present two quantitative metrics that provide estimates of our interest-rate risk exposure: (1) fair value sensitivity of our net portfolio to changes in interest-rate levels and slope of yield curve; and (2) duration gap. The metrics presented are calculated using internal models that require standard assumptions regarding interest rates and future prepayments of principal over the remaining life of our securities. These assumptions are derived based on the characteristics of the underlying structure of the securities and historical prepayment rates experienced at specified interest-rate levels, taking into account current market conditions, the current mortgage rates of our existing outstanding loans, loan age and other factors. On a regular basis, management makes judgments about the appropriateness of the risk assessments and will make adjustments as necessary to properly assess our interest-rate exposure and manage our interest-rate risk. The methodologies used to calculate risk estimates are periodically changed on a prospective basis to reflect improvements in the underlying estimation process. 
 Interest-Rate Sensitivity to Changes in Interest-Rate Level and Slope of Yield Curve 
 Pursuant to a disclosure commitment with FHFA, we disclose on a monthly basis the estimated adverse impact on the fair value of our net portfolio that would result from the following hypothetical situations: 
 a 50 basis point shift in interest rates; and 
 a 25 basis point change in the slope of the yield curve. 
 In measuring the estimated impact of changes in the level of interest rates, we assume a parallel shift in all maturities of the U.S. LIBOR interest-rate swap curve. 
 In measuring the estimated impact of changes in the slope of the yield curve, we assume a constant 7-year rate and a shift of 16.7 basis points for the 1-year rate and shorter tenors and an opposite shift of 8.3 basis points for the 30-year rate. Rate shocks for remaining maturity points are interpolated. Our practice is to allow interest rates to go below zero in the downward shock models unless otherwise prevented through contractual floors. We believe the aforementioned interest-rate shocks for our monthly disclosures represent moderate movements in interest rates over a one-month period. 
 Duration Gap 
 Duration gap measures the price sensitivity of our assets and liabilities in our net portfolio to changes in interest rates by quantifying the difference between the estimated durations of our assets and liabilities. Our duration gap analysis reflects the extent to which the estimated maturity and repricing cash flows for our assets are matched, on average, over time and across interest-rate scenarios to those of our liabilities. A positive duration gap indicates that the duration of our assets exceeds the duration of our liabilities. We disclose duration gap on a monthly basis under the caption 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 151 

MD A | Risk Management | Market Risk Management, including Interest-Rate Risk Management 

 Interest Rate Risk Disclosures in our Monthly Summary, which is available on our website and announced in a press release. 
 While our goal is to reduce the price sensitivity of our net portfolio to movements in interest rates, various factors can contribute to a duration gap that is either positive or negative. For example, changes in the market environment can increase or decrease the price sensitivity of our mortgage assets relative to the price sensitivity of our liabilities because of prepayment uncertainty associated with our assets. In a declining interest-rate environment, prepayment rates tend to accelerate, thereby shortening the duration and average life of the fixed-rate mortgage assets we hold in our net portfolio. Conversely, when interest rates increase, prepayment rates generally slow, which extends the duration and average life of our mortgage assets. Our debt and derivative instrument positions are used to manage the interest-rate sensitivity of our retained mortgage portfolio and our investments in non-mortgage securities. As a result, the degree to which the interest-rate sensitivity of our retained mortgage portfolio and our investments in non-mortgage securities is offset will be dependent upon, among other factors, the mix of funding and other risk management derivative instruments we use at any given point in time. 
 The market value sensitivities of our net portfolio are a function of both the duration and the convexity of our net portfolio. Duration provides a measure of the price sensitivity of a financial instrument to changes in interest rates while convexity reflects the degree to which the duration of the assets and liabilities in our net portfolio changes in response to a given change in interest rates. We use convexity measures to provide us with information about how quickly and by how much our net portfolio s duration may change in different interest-rate environments. The market value sensitivity of our net portfolio will depend on a number of factors, including the interest-rate environment, modeling assumptions and the composition of assets and liabilities in our net portfolio, which vary over time. 
 Results of Interest-Rate Sensitivity Measures 
 The interest-rate risk measures discussed below exclude the impact of changes in the fair value of our guaranty assets and liabilities resulting from changes in interest rates. We exclude our guaranty business from these sensitivity measures based on our current assumption that the guaranty fee income generated from future business activity will largely replace guaranty fee income lost due to mortgage prepayments. 
 The table below displays the pre-tax market value sensitivity of our net portfolio to changes in the level of interest rates and the slope of the yield curve as measured on the last day of each period presented. The table below also provides the daily average, minimum, maximum and standard deviation values for duration gap and for the most adverse market value impact on the net portfolio to changes in the level of interest rates and the slope of the yield curve for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The sensitivity measures displayed in the table below, which we disclose on a quarterly basis pursuant to a disclosure commitment with FHFA, are an extension of our monthly sensitivity measures discussed above. There are three primary differences between our monthly sensitivity disclosure and the quarterly sensitivity disclosure presented below: 
 the quarterly disclosure is expanded to include the sensitivity results for larger rate level shocks of positive or negative 100 basis points; 
 the monthly disclosure reflects the estimated pre-tax impact on the market value of our net portfolio calculated based on a daily average, while the quarterly disclosure reflects the estimated pre-tax impact calculated based on the estimated financial position of our net portfolio and the market environment as of the last business day of the quarter; and 
 the monthly disclosure shows the most adverse pre-tax impact on the market value of our net portfolio from the hypothetical interest-rate shocks, while the quarterly disclosure includes the estimated pre-tax impact of both up and down interest-rate shocks. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 152 

MD A | Risk Management | Market Risk Management, including Interest-Rate Risk Management 

 Interest-Rate Sensitivity of Net Portfolio to Changes in Interest-Rate Level and Slope of Yield Curve As of December 31, (1)(2) 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Rate level shock: -100 basis points (10) (184) -50 basis points 5 (69) +50 basis points (14) 54 +100 basis points (35) 75 Rate slope shock: -25 basis points (flattening) (8) (8) +25 basis points (steepening) 10 8 
 For the Three Months Ended December 31, (1)(3) 
 2022 2021 Duration Gap Rate Slope Shock 25 bps Rate Level Shock 50 bps Duration Gap Rate Slope Shock 25 bps Rate Level Shock 50 bps Market Value Sensitivity Market Value Sensitivity (In years) (Dollars in millions) (In years) (Dollars in millions) Average (5) (16) (0.05) (5) (77) Minimum (0.04) (10) (36) (0.09) (10) (110) Maximum 0.04 (3) 0.00 1 (25) Standard deviation 0.02 2 8 0.02 3 17 
 (1) Computed based on changes in U.S. LIBOR interest-rates swap curve. 
 (2) Measured on the last business day of each period presented. 
 (3) Computed based on daily values during the period presented. 
 The market value sensitivity of our net portfolio varies across a range of interest-rate shocks depending upon the duration and convexity profile of our net portfolio. The market value sensitivity of the net portfolio is measured by quantifying the change in the present value of the cash flows of our financial assets and liabilities that would result from an instantaneous shock to interest rates, assuming spreads are held constant. For the subset of floating-rate liabilities and assets that are indexed to LIBOR or SOFR, the interest component of their future cash flows is calculated using the projection of the corresponding index rate. For all assets and liabilities, the discount factor used to calculate the present value of the future cash flows is constructed using the LIBOR yield curve. 
 LIBOR rate quotes will cease on June 30, 2023, and after that date the interest accrued on floating-rate instruments that are contractually indexed to LIBOR will reset based on SOFR. Before that LIBOR cessation date, the portfolio interest-rate risk measurement process will transition from using LIBOR to using SOFR as the benchmark interest rate. This change is not expected to have a significant impact on the measurement of our interest-rate risk or our financial results. 
 We use derivatives to help manage the residual interest-rate risk exposure between the assets and liabilities in our net portfolio. Derivatives have enabled us to keep our economic interest-rate risk exposure at consistently low levels in a wide range of interest-rate environments. The table below displays an example of how derivatives impacted the net market value exposure for a 50 basis point parallel interest-rate shock. For additional information on our derivative positions, see Note 8, Derivative Instruments. Derivative Impact on Interest-Rate Risk (50 Basis Points) As of December 31, (1) 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Before derivatives (177) (539) After derivatives (14) (69) Effect of derivatives 163 470 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 153 

MD A | Risk Management | Market Risk Management, including Interest-Rate Risk Management 

 (1) Measured on the last business day of each period presented. 
 
 Earnings Exposure to Interest-Rate Risk 
 While we manage the interest-rate risk of our net portfolio with the objective of remaining neutral to movements in interest rates and volatility on an economic basis, our earnings can experience volatility due to interest-rate changes and differing accounting treatments that apply to certain financial instruments on our balance sheet. Specifically, we have exposure to earnings volatility that is driven by changes in interest rates in two primary areas: our net portfolio and our consolidated MBS trusts. The exposure in the net portfolio is primarily driven by changes in the fair value of risk management derivatives, mortgage commitments, and certain assets, primarily securities, that are carried at fair value. The exposure related to our consolidated MBS trusts relates to changes in our credit loss reserves and to the amortization of cost basis adjustments resulting from changes in interest rates. 
 In January 2021, we began applying fair value hedge accounting to address some of the exposure to interest rates, particularly the earnings volatility related to changes in benchmark interest rates, including LIBOR and SOFR. Our hedge accounting program is specifically designed to address the volatility of our financial results associated with changes in fair value related to changes in the benchmark interest rates. As such, earnings variability driven by other factors, such as spreads or changes in cost basis amortization recognized in net interest income, remains. In addition, our ability to effectively reduce earnings volatility is dependent upon the volume and type of interest-rate swaps available, which is driven by our interest-rate risk management strategy discussed above. As our range of available interest-rate swaps varies over time, our ability to reduce earnings volatility through hedge accounting may vary as well. When the shape of the yield curve shifts significantly from period to period, hedge accounting may be less effective. In our current program, we establish new hedging relationships daily to provide flexibility in our overall risk management strategy. 
 See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 8, Derivative Instruments for additional information on our fair value hedge accounting policy and related disclosures. 
 
 Liquidity and Funding Risk Management 
 See Liquidity and Capital Management for a discussion of how we manage liquidity and funding risk. 
 
 Operational Risk Management 
 Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people or systems, or from external events. Our corporate operational risk framework aligns with our Enterprise Risk policy and has evolved based on the changing needs of our business and FHFA regulatory guidance. The Operational Risk Management group is responsible for overseeing and monitoring compliance with our operational risk program s requirements. The Operational Risk Management group reports to the Chief Risk Officer and works in conjunction with other second line of defense teams, such as Compliance and Ethics, to oversee and aggregate the full range of operational risks, including fraud, resiliency, business interruptions, processing errors, damage to physical assets, workplace safety and employment practices. To quantify our operational risk exposure, we rely on the Basel Standardized Approach, which is based on a percentage of gross income. In addition, where appropriate, we purchase insurance policies to mitigate the impact of operational losses. 
 See Risk Factors Operational Risk for more information regarding our operational risk and Risk Management for more information regarding our governance of operational risk management. 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management 
 Our operations rely on the secure receipt, processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks and with our business partners, including proprietary, confidential or personal information that is subject to privacy laws, regulations or contractual obligations. Information security risks for large institutions like us have significantly increased in recent years and from time to time we have been, and expect to continue to be, the target of attempted cyber attacks and other information security threats. These risks are an unavoidable result of being in business, and managing these risks is part of our business activities. 
 We have developed and continue to enhance our cybersecurity risk management program to protect the security of our computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets against unauthorized attempts to access confidential information or to disrupt or degrade business operations. Our cybersecurity risk management program aligns to the National Institute of Standards and Technology Framework for Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity, and has evolved based on the changing needs of our business, the evolving threat environment and FHFA regulatory guidance. Our cybersecurity risk management program extends to oversight of third parties that could be a source of cybersecurity risk, including lenders that use our systems and third-party service providers. We examine the effectiveness and maturity of our cyber defenses through various means, including internal audits, targeted testing, 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 154 

MD A | Risk Management | Operational Risk Management 

 incident response exercises, maturity assessments and industry benchmarking. We continue to strengthen our partnerships with the appropriate government and law enforcement agencies and with other businesses and cybersecurity services in order to understand the full spectrum of cybersecurity risks in the environment, enhance our defenses and improve our resiliency against cybersecurity threats. We also maintain insurance coverage relating to cybersecurity risks. To date, we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber attacks. However, large-scale cyber attacks in recent years suggest that the risk of damaging cyber attacks is increasing. As a result, we continue to invest in our cybersecurity infrastructure. For a discussion of our Board of Directors role in overseeing the company s cybersecurity risk management, see Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Risk Management Oversight Board s Role in Cybersecurity Risk Oversight. 
 Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our software, computers, systems and information, we may not be able to anticipate, detect or recognize threats to our systems and assets, or to implement effective preventive measures against all cyber threats, especially because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently, are complex and are often not recognized until launched. We have discussed and worked with lenders, servicers, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against cyber attacks, but we do not have, and may be unable to put in place, secure capabilities with all of our lenders, servicers, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties, and we may not be able to ensure that these third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information. See Risk Factors Operational Risk for additional discussion of cybersecurity risks to our business. 
 Model Risk Management 
 Model risk is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect, misused or misinterpreted model outputs. The use of models requires numerous assumptions and there are inherent limitations in any methodology used to estimate macroeconomic factors such as home prices, unemployment and interest rates, and their impact on borrower behavior. When market conditions change rapidly and dramatically, the assumptions used by models may no longer accurately capture or reflect the changing conditions. Given the challenges of predicting future behavior, management judgment is used throughout the modeling process, from model design decisions regarding core underlying assumptions, to interpreting and applying final model output. 
 We manage model risk through a model risk management framework that establishes the roles and responsibilities for managing model risk through the model life cycle, as well as related governance requirements. Under our model risk management framework, model owners and users have responsibility for monitoring whether models are performing accurately and complying with the framework s control requirements. We have an independent model risk management team within our Enterprise Risk Management division that is responsible for establishing and maintaining the model risk management framework, as well as providing independent review and approval of models prior to use. We also have a management-level Model Risk Oversight Committee that oversees risk management activities related to model risk. In addition to internally-developed models, we also use select third-party models. 
 While we employ strategies to manage and govern the risks associated with our use of models, they have not always been fully effective. Errors have been discovered in some of the models we use, as well as deficiencies in our current processes for managing model risk. We are currently working on a number of remediation activities relating to our models, including improving our processes for model governance, development, implementation and testing. 
 See Risk Factors Operational Risk for a discussion of the risks associated with the use of models, including our use of third-party models and third-party data providers. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make a number of judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, income and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. Understanding our accounting policies and the extent to which we use management judgment and estimates in applying these policies is integral to understanding our financial statements. We describe our most significant accounting policies in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 We evaluate our critical accounting estimates and judgments required by our policies on an ongoing basis and update them as necessary based on changing conditions. Management has discussed any significant changes in judgments and assumptions in applying our critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. See Risk Factors General Risk for a discussion of the risks associated with the need for management to make judgments and estimates in applying our accounting policies and methods. We have identified one of our accounting estimates, allowance for loan losses, as critical because it involves significant judgments and assumptions about highly complex 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 155 

MD A | Critical Accounting Estimates 

 and inherently uncertain matters, and the use of reasonably different judgments and assumptions could have a material impact on our reported results of operations or financial condition. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The allowance for loan losses is an estimate of single-family and multifamily HFI loan receivables that we expect will not be collected related to loans held by Fannie Mae or by consolidated Fannie Mae MBS trusts. The expected credit losses are deducted from the amortized cost basis of HFI loans to present the net amount expected to be received. 
 The allowance for loan losses involves substantial judgment on a number of matters including the development and weighting of macroeconomic forecasts, the reversion period applied, the assessment of similar risk characteristics, which determines the historic loss experience used to derive probability of loan default, the valuation of collateral, and the determination of a loan s remaining expected life. Our most significant judgments involved in estimating our allowance for loan losses relate to the macroeconomic data used to develop reasonable and supportable forecasts for key economic drivers, which are subject to significant inherent uncertainty. Most notably, for single-family, the model uses forecasted single-family home prices as well as a range of possible future interest rate environments, which drive prepayment speeds and impact the measurement of the economic concession provided on loans modified in a restructuring which are accounted for as a TDR. For multifamily, the model uses forecasted rental income and property valuations over the remaining life of each mortgage loan. In developing a reasonable and supportable forecast, the model simulates multiple paths of interest rates, rental income and property values based on current market conditions. 
 Pursuant to our adoption of ASU 2022-02 effective January 1, 2022, we prospectively discontinued TDR accounting and no longer measure the economic concession for loan modifications occurring on or after the adoption date. In addition, modifications to loans previously designated as TDRs that occur on or after January 1, 2022, are accounted for under the newly adopted ASU and result in the elimination of any prior economic concession recorded in the allowance related to such loans, which results in a benefit for loan losses. Although increases in interest rates were a meaningful driver of our provision for credit losses in 2022, we expect the decrease in the balance of loans that were previously designated as TDRs will reduce the sensitivity of our single-family benefit (provision) for credit losses to interest rate volatility over time. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies New Accounting Guidance for more information about our adoption of ASU 2022-02. 
 Quantitative Component 
 We use a discounted cash flow method to measure expected credit losses on our single-family mortgage loans and an undiscounted loss method to measure expected credit losses on our multifamily mortgage loans. The models use reasonable and supportable forecasts for key macroeconomic drivers. 
 Our modeled loan performance is based on our historical experience of loans with similar risk characteristics adjusted to reflect current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Our historical loss experience and our loan loss estimates capture the possibility of a multitude of events, including remote events that could result in credit losses on loans that are considered low risk. Our credit loss models, including the macroeconomic forecast data used as key inputs, are subject to our model oversight and review processes as well as other established governance and controls. 
 Qualitative Component 
 Our process for measuring expected credit losses is complex and involves significant management judgment, including a reliance on historical loss information and current economic forecasts that may not be representative of credit losses we ultimately realize. Management adjustments may be necessary to take into consideration external factors and current macroeconomic events that have occurred but are not yet reflected in the data used to derive the model outputs. Qualitative factors and events not previously observed by the models through historical loss experience may also be considered, as well as the uncertainty of their impact on credit loss estimates. 
 Macroeconomic Variables and Sensitivities 
 Our benefit or provision for credit losses can vary substantially from period to period based on forecasted macroeconomic drivers; primarily home prices and interest rates related to our single-family book of business, which for the purposes of macroeconomic model inputs, we have determined are the most significant judgments used in our estimation of credit losses. We develop regional forecasts for single-family home prices using a multi-path simulation that captures home price projections over a five-year period, which is the period for which we can develop reasonable and supportable forecasts. After the five-year period, the home price forecast reverts to a historical long-term growth rate. Additionally, our model projects the range of possible interest rate scenarios over the life of the loan. This process captures multiple possible outcomes of what could be more or less favorable economic environments for the borrower, and therefore will increase or decrease the likelihood of default or prepayment depending on the environment in each path of the simulation. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 156 

MD A | Critical Accounting Estimates 

 The table below provides information about our most significant key macroeconomic inputs used in determining our single-family allowance for loan losses: forecasted home price growth rates and interest rates. Although the model consumes a wide range of possible regional home price forecasts and interest rate scenarios that take into account inherent uncertainty, the forecasts below represent the mean path of those simulations used in determining the allowance for each quarter during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, and how those forecasts have changed between periods of estimate. Below we present the two succeeding periods used in our estimate of expected credit losses. The forecasts consider periods beyond those presented below. 
 Select Single-Family Macroeconomic Model Inputs (1) 
 Forecasted home price growth (decline) rate by period of estimate: (2) 
 For the Full Year ending December 31, 2022 2023 2024 Fourth Quarter 2022 8.4 (4.2) (2.3) Third Quarter 2022 9.0 (1.5) (1.4) Second Quarter 2022 16.0 4.4 0.5 First Quarter 2022 10.8 3.2 1.3 For the Full Year ending December 31, 2021 2022 2023 Fourth Quarter 2021 18.8 8.2 2.9 Third Quarter 2021 18.4 7.9 2.4 Second Quarter 2021 14.8 5.4 2.5 First Quarter 2021 8.8 2.5 1.7 Forecasted 30-year interest rates by period of estimate: (3) 
 Through the end of December 31, For the Full Year ending December 31, 2022 2023 2024 Fourth Quarter 2022 6.5 6.5 6.0 Third Quarter 2022 6.8 6.7 6.2 Second Quarter 2022 5.7 5.4 5.2 First Quarter 2022 4.7 4.8 4.7 Through the end of December 31, For the Full Year ending December 31, 2021 2022 2023 Fourth Quarter 2021 3.2 3.5 3.7 Third Quarter 2021 3.1 3.4 3.7 Second Quarter 2021 3.1 3.4 3.6 First Quarter 2021 3.1 3.3 3.6 
 (1) These forecasts are provided here solely for the purpose of providing insight into our credit loss model. Forecasts for future periods are subject to significant uncertainty, which increases for periods that are further in the future. We provide our most recent forecasts for certain macroeconomic and housing market conditions in Key Market Economic Indicators. In addition, each month our Economic Strategic Research group provides its forecast of economic and housing market conditions, which are available in the Research and Insights section of our website, www.fanniemae.com. Information on our website is not incorporated into this report. 
 (2) These estimates are based on our national home price index, which is calculated differently from the S P/Case-Shiller U.S. National Home Price Index and therefore results in different percentages for comparable growth. We periodically update our home price growth estimates and forecasts as new data become available. As a result, the forecast data in this table may also differ from the forecasted home price growth (decline) rate presented in Key Market Economic Indicators, because that section reflects our most recent forecast as of the filing date of this report, while this table reflects the quantitative forecast data we used in our model to estimate credit losses for the periods shown. Management continues to monitor macroeconomic updates to our inputs in our credit loss model from the time they are approved as part of our established governance process, to ensure the reasonableness of the inputs used to calculate estimated credit losses. The forecast data excludes the impact of any qualitative adjustments. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 157 

MD A | Critical Accounting Estimates 

 (3) Forecasted 30-year interest rates represent the mean of possible future interest rate environments that are simulated by our interest rate model and used in the estimation of credit losses. Forecasts through the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, represent the average forecasted rate from the quarter-end through the calendar year end of December 31st. The fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021 interest rates represent the 30-year interest rate as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. This table reflects the forecasted interest rate data we used in estimating credit losses for the periods shown and does not reflect changes in interest rates that occurred after the forecast date. 
 It is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one factor or input might affect the overall credit loss estimates, because management considers a wide variety of factors and inputs in estimating the allowance for loan losses. Changes in the factors and inputs considered may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across all geographies or loan types, and changes in factors and inputs may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor or input may offset deterioration in others. Changes in our assumptions and forecasts of economic conditions could significantly affect our estimate of expected credit losses and lead to significant changes in the estimate from one reporting period to the next. 
 As noted above, our allowance for loan losses is sensitive to changes in home prices and interest rate changes. To consider the impact of a hypothetical change in home prices, assuming a positive one-percentage point change in the home price growth rate for the first twelve months of the forecast, on a normalized basis, with all other factors held constant, the single-family allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 would decrease by approximately 4 . Conversely, assuming a negative one-percentage point change in the home price growth rate for the first twelve months of the forecast, on a normalized basis, the single-family allowance for loan losses would increase by approximately 4 . 
 To consider the impact of a hypothetical change in 30-year interest rates, assuming a 50-basis point increase in estimated 30-year interest rates, with all other factors held constant, the single-family allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 would increase by approximately 1 . Conversely, assuming a 50-basis point decrease in 30-year interest rates, the single-family allowance for loan losses would decrease by approximately 2 . 
 These sensitivity analyses are hypothetical and are provided solely for the purpose of providing insight into our credit loss model inputs. In addition, sensitivities for home price and interest rate changes are non-linear. As a result, changes in these estimates are not incrementally proportional. The purpose of this analysis is to provide an indication of the impact of home price appreciation and 30-year interest rates on the estimate of the allowance for credit losses. For example, it is not intended to imply management s expectation of future changes in our forecasts or any other variables that may change as a result. 
 We provide more detailed information on our accounting for the allowance for loan losses in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. See Note 4, Allowance for Loan Losses for additional information about our current period benefit (provision) for loan losses. 
 See Key Market Economic Indicators for additional information about how home prices can affect our credit loss estimates, including a discussion of home price growth/decline rates and our home price forecast. Also see Consolidated Results of Operations Benefit (Provision) for Credit Losses for information on how our home price forecast impacted our single-family benefit (provision) for credit losses. 
 
 Impact of Future Adoption of New Accounting Guidance 
 We have not identified recently issued accounting changes that are expected to materially impact our future consolidated financial statements. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for recently implemented accounting guidance. 
 
 Glossary of Terms Used in This Report 
 Terms used in this report have the following meanings, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 Agency mortgage-related securities refers to mortgage-related securities issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae. 
 Amortization income refers to income resulting from the amortization of cost basis adjustments, including premiums and discounts on mortgage loans and securities, as a yield adjustment over the contractual life of the loan or security. These basis adjustments often result from upfront fees that we receive at the time of loan acquisition primarily related to single-family loan-level price adjustments or other fees we receive from lenders, which are amortized over the contractual life of the loan. 
 Back-end credit enhancements refers to credit enhancements that we obtain after acquiring a loan. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 158 

MD A | Glossary of Terms Used in This Report 

 Business volume refers to the sum in any given period of the unpaid principal balance of: (1) the mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities we purchase for our retained mortgage portfolio; (2) the mortgage loans we securitize into Fannie Mae MBS that are acquired by third parties; and (3) credit enhancements that we provide on our mortgage assets. It excludes mortgage loans we securitize from our portfolio and the purchase of Fannie Mae MBS for our retained mortgage portfolio. 
 CECL standard refers to Accounting Standards Update 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments and related amendments. 
 Connecticut Avenue Securities or CAS refers to a type of security that allows Fannie Mae to transfer a portion of the credit risk from loan reference pools, consisting of certain mortgage loans in our guaranty book of business, to third-party investors. 
 Connecticut Avenue Securities Credit-Linked Notes or CAS CLNs refers to Connecticut Avenue Securities that are structured as securities issued by trusts that do not qualify as REMICs. 
 Connecticut Avenue Securities REMICs or CAS REMICs refers to Connecticut Avenue Securities that are structured as notes issued by trusts that qualify as REMICs. 
 Conventional mortgage refers to a mortgage loan that is not guaranteed or insured by the U.S. government or its agencies, such as the VA, the FHA or the Rural Development Housing and Community Facilities Program of the Department of Agriculture. 
 Credit enhancement refers to an agreement used to reduce credit risk by requiring collateral, letters of credit, mortgage insurance, corporate guarantees, inclusion in a credit risk transfer transaction reference pool, or other agreements to provide an entity with some assurance that it will be compensated to some degree in the event of a financial loss. 
 Credit Insurance Risk Transfer or CIRT refers to insurance transactions whereby we obtain actual loss coverage on pools of loans either directly from an insurance provider that retains the risk, or from an insurance provider that simultaneously cedes all of its risk to one or more reinsurers. 
 Desktop Underwriter or DU refers to our proprietary automated underwriting system used by mortgage lenders to evaluate the substantial majority of our single-family loan acquisitions. 
 Delegated Underwriting and Servicing Program or DUS Program refers to our multifamily business program whereby DUS lenders, who must be pre-approved by us, are delegated the authority to underwrite and service loans for delivery to us in accordance with our standards and requirements. 
 FHFA refers to the Federal Housing Finance Agency. FHFA is an independent agency of the federal government with general supervisory and regulatory authority over Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the Federal Home Loan Banks. FHFA is our safety and soundness regulator and our mission regulator. FHFA also has been acting as our conservator since September 6, 2008. For more information on FHFA s authority as our conservator and as our regulator, see Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements and Business Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters. 
 Front-end credit enhancements refers to credit enhancements that we obtain at the time we acquire a loan. 
 GSE Act refers to the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992, as amended, including by the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008. 
 Guaranty book of business refers to the sum of the unpaid principal balance of: (1) Fannie Mae MBS outstanding (excluding the portions of any structured securities Fannie Mae issues that are backed by Freddie Mac securities); (2) mortgage loans of Fannie Mae held in our retained mortgage portfolio; and (3) other credit enhancements that we provide on mortgage assets. It also excludes non-Fannie Mae mortgage-related securities held in our retained mortgage portfolio for which we do not provide a guaranty. 
 HFI loans or held-for-investment loans refer to mortgage loans we acquire for which we have the ability and intent to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity. 
 HFS loans or held-for-sale loans refer to mortgage loans we acquire that we intend to sell or securitize via trusts that will not be consolidated. 
 Loans, mortgage loans and mortgages refer to both whole loans and loan participations, secured by residential real estate, cooperative shares or by manufactured housing units. 
 Loss reserves consists of our allowance for loan losses and our reserve for guaranty losses. 
 Mortgage assets, when referring to our assets, refers to both mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities we hold in our retained mortgage portfolio. For purposes of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, the definition of mortgage assets is based on the unpaid principal balance of such assets and does not reflect market valuation 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 159 

MD A | Glossary of Terms Used in This Report 

 adjustments, allowance for loan losses, impairments, unamortized premiums and discounts and the impact of our consolidation of variable interest entities. Our mortgage asset calculation also includes 10 of the notional value of interest-only securities we hold. We disclose the amount of our mortgage assets for purposes of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement on a monthly basis in the Endnotes to our Monthly Summaries, which are available on our website and announced in a press release. 
 Mortgage-backed securities or MBS refers generally to securities that represent beneficial interests in pools of mortgage loans or other mortgage-related securities. These securities may be issued by Fannie Mae or by others. 
 Multifamily Connecticut Avenue Securities or MCAS refers to Connecticut Avenue Securities that are structured as notes issued by trusts to transfer credit risk on our multifamily guaranty book of business to third-party investors. 
 Multifamily mortgage loan refers to a mortgage loan secured by a property containing five or more residential dwelling units. 
 New business purchases refers to single-family and multifamily whole mortgage loans purchased during the period and single-family and multifamily mortgage loans underlying Fannie Mae MBS issued during the period pursuant to lender swaps. 
 Notional amount refers to the hypothetical dollar amount in an interest rate swap transaction on which exchanged payments are based. The notional amount in an interest rate swap transaction generally is not paid or received by either party to the transaction, or generally perceived as being at risk. The notional amount is typically significantly greater than the potential market or credit loss that could result from such transaction. 
 Outstanding Fannie Mae MBS refers to the total unpaid principal balance of any type of mortgage-backed security that we issue, including UMBS, Supers, REMICs and other types of single-family or multifamily mortgage-backed securities that are held by third-party investors or in our retained mortgage portfolio. For securities held by third-party investors, it excludes the portions of any structured securities Fannie Mae issues that are backed by Freddie Mac-issued securities. 
 Private-label securities refers to mortgage-related securities issued by entities other than agency issuers Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. 
 Refi Plus loans refers to loans we acquired under our Refi Plus initiative, which offered refinancing flexibility to eligible Fannie Mae borrowers who were current on their loans and who applied prior to the initiative s December 31, 2018 sunset date. Refi Plus had no limits on maximum LTV ratio and provided mortgage insurance flexibilities for loans with LTV ratios greater than 80 . 
 REMIC or Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduit refers to a type of mortgage-related security in which interest and principal payments from mortgages or mortgage-related securities are structured into separately traded securities. 
 REO refers to real-estate owned by Fannie Mae because we have foreclosed on the property or obtained the property through a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. 
 Representations and warranties refers to a lender s assurance that a mortgage loan sold to us complies with the standards outlined in our Mortgage Selling and Servicing Contract, which incorporates the Selling and Servicing Guides, including underwriting and documentation. Violation of any representation or warranty is a breach of the lender contract, including the warranty that the loan complies with all applicable requirements of the contract, which provides us with certain rights and remedies. 
 Retained mortgage portfolio refers to the mortgage-related assets we own (excluding the portion of assets that back mortgage-related securities owned by third parties). 
 Single-family mortgage loan refers to a mortgage loan secured by a property containing four or fewer residential dwelling units. 
 Structured Fannie Mae MBS refers to Fannie Mae securitizations that are resecuritizations of UMBS or previously-issued structured securities. Our structured securities can be commingled that is, they can include both Fannie Mae securities and Freddie Mac securities as the underlying collateral for the security. 
 TCCA fees refers to the expense recognized as a result of the 10 basis point increase in guaranty fees on all single-family residential mortgages delivered to us on or after April 1, 2012 pursuant to the Temporary Payroll Tax Cut Continuation Act of 2011 and as extended by the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, which we remit to Treasury on a quarterly basis. 
 TDR or troubled debt restructuring refers to a modification to the contractual terms of a loan that results in granting a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. Effective January 1, 2022, we adopted ASU 2022-02, which eliminated TDR accounting prospectively for all restructurings occurring on or after January 1, 2022. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 160 

MD A | Glossary of Terms Used in This Report 

 Uniform Mortgage-Backed Securities or UMBS refers to the securities each of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac issues and guarantees that are directly backed by mortgage loans it has acquired as described in Business Mortgage Securitizations Uniform Mortgage-Backed Securities, or UMBS. 
 Write-off refers to loan amounts written off as uncollectible bad debts. These loan amounts are removed from our consolidated balance sheet and charged against our loss reserves when the balance is deemed uncollectible, which is generally at foreclosure or other liquidation events (such as a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure or a short-sale). Also includes write-offs related to the redesignation of loans from held for investment to held for sale. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Information about market risk is set forth in MD A Risk Management Market Risk Management, including Interest-Rate Risk Management. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto are included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K as described below in Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Overview 
 We are required under applicable laws and regulations to maintain controls and procedures, which include disclosure controls and procedures as well as internal control over financial reporting, as further described below. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures refer to controls and other procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding our required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management was required to apply its judgment in evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, management has evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures in effect as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this report. As a result of management s evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022 or as of the date of filing this report. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 or as of the date of filing this report because they did not adequately ensure the accumulation and communication to management of information known to FHFA that is needed to meet our disclosure obligations under the federal securities laws. As a result, we were not able to rely upon the disclosure controls and procedures that were in place as of December 31, 2022 or as of the date of this filing, and we continue to have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness is described in more detail below under Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 161 

Controls and Procedures 

 Description of Material Weakness. Based on discussions with FHFA and the structural nature of this material weakness, we do not expect to remediate this material weakness while we are under conservatorship. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Overview 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting, as defined in rules promulgated under the Exchange Act, is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and our Board of Directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process, and it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making its assessment, management used the criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in May 2013. Management s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 identified a material weakness, which is described below. Because of this material weakness, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 or as of the date of filing this report. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has issued an audit report on our internal control over financial reporting, expressing an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This report is included below under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 Description of Material Weakness 
 The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board s Auditing Standard 2201 defines a material weakness as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Management has determined that we continued to have the following material weakness as of December 31, 2022 and as of the date of filing this report: 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures. We have been under the conservatorship of FHFA since September 6, 2008. Under the GSE Act, FHFA is an independent agency that currently functions as both our conservator and our regulator with respect to our safety, soundness and mission. Because of the nature of the conservatorship under the GSE Act, which places us under the control of FHFA (as that term is defined by securities laws), some of the information that we may need to meet our disclosure obligations may be solely within the knowledge of FHFA. As our conservator, FHFA has the power to take actions without our knowledge that could be material to our shareholders and other stakeholders, and could significantly affect our financial performance or our continued existence as an ongoing business. Although we and FHFA attempted to design and implement disclosure policies and procedures that would account for the conservatorship and accomplish the same objectives as a disclosure controls and procedures policy of a typical reporting company, there are inherent structural limitations on our ability to design, implement, operate and test effective disclosure controls and procedures. As both our regulator and our conservator under the GSE Act, FHFA is limited in its ability to design 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 162 

Controls and Procedures 

 and implement a complete set of disclosure controls and procedures relating to Fannie Mae, particularly with respect to current reporting pursuant to Form 8-K. Similarly, as a regulated entity, we are limited in our ability to design, implement, operate and test the controls and procedures for which FHFA is responsible. 
 Due to these circumstances, we have not been able to update our disclosure controls and procedures in a manner that adequately ensures the accumulation and communication to management of information known to FHFA that is needed to meet our disclosure obligations under the federal securities laws, including disclosures affecting our consolidated financial statements. As a result, we did not maintain effective controls and procedures designed to ensure complete and accurate disclosure as required by GAAP as of December 31, 2022 or as of the date of filing this report. Based on discussions with FHFA and the structural nature of this weakness, we do not expect to remediate this material weakness while we are under conservatorship. 
 Mitigating Actions Related to Material Weakness 
 As described above under Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Description of Material Weakness, we continue to have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting relating to our disclosure controls and procedures. However, we and FHFA have engaged in the following practices intended to permit accumulation and communication to management of information needed to meet our disclosure obligations under the federal securities laws: 
 FHFA has established the Division of Conservatorship Oversight and Readiness, which is intended to facilitate operation of the company with the oversight of the conservator. 
 We have provided drafts of our SEC filings to FHFA personnel for their review and comment prior to filing. We also have provided drafts of external press releases, statements and speeches to FHFA personnel for their review and comment prior to release. 
 FHFA personnel, including senior officials, have reviewed our SEC filings prior to filing, including this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 2022 Form 10-K ), and engaged in discussions regarding issues associated with the information contained in those filings. Prior to filing our 2022 Form 10-K, FHFA provided Fannie Mae management with written acknowledgment that it had reviewed the 2022 Form 10-K, and it was not aware of any material misstatements or omissions in the 2022 Form 10-K and had no objection to our filing the 2022 Form 10-K. 
 Our senior management meets regularly with senior leadership at FHFA, including, but not limited to, the Director. 
 FHFA representatives attend meetings frequently with various groups within the company to enhance the flow of information and to provide oversight on a variety of matters, including accounting, credit and market risk management, external communications and legal matters. 
 Senior officials within FHFA s Office of the Chief Accountant have met frequently with our senior finance executives regarding our accounting policies, practices and procedures. 
 In view of these activities, we believe that our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been prepared in conformity with GAAP. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management has evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, whether any changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting from October 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 that management believes have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes that we believe will improve these controls and increase efficiency, while continuing to ensure that we maintain effective internal controls. Changes may include implementing new, more efficient systems, automating manual processes and updating existing systems. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 163 

Controls and Procedures 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To Fannie Mae: 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Fannie Mae and consolidated entities (in conservatorship) (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness identified below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and included an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s dependence upon the continued support from various agencies of the United States Government, including the United States Department of Treasury and the Company s conservator and regulator, the Federal Housing Finance Agency. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 164 

Controls and Procedures 

 Material Weakness 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management s assessment: 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company s disclosure controls and procedures did not adequately ensure the accumulation and communication to management of information known to the Federal Housing Finance Agency (as conservator) that is needed to meet their disclosure obligations under the federal securities laws as they relate to financial reporting. 
 This material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and this report does not affect our report on such financial statements. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 McLean, Virginia 
 February 14, 2023 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 165 

Other Information 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Directors 
 Our current directors are listed below. They have provided the following information about their principal occupation, business experience and other matters. 
 
 Priscilla Almodovar Age 55 Chief Executive Officer Director since December 2022 Board committees: None 
 Ms. Almodovar has been Chief Executive Officer of Fannie Mae since December 2022. She previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Enterprise Community Partners, Inc. Enterprise ), which invests in communities nationwide to address affordable housing challenges and expand access to investment capital, from September 2019 to November 2022. Ms. Almodovar previously was a Managing Director at JPMorgan Chase, Inc. from January 2010 to September 2019, where she led national real estate businesses that focused on commercial real estate and on community development. Prior to joining JPMorgan Chase, from January 2007 to December 2009, Ms. Almodovar was the President and Chief Executive Officer of New York state s housing finance and mortgage agencies. In 2015, Ms. Almodovar also served as the co-chair of the New York State Health Innovation Council, an advisory body of the New York State Department of Health. Ms. Almodovar began her career at the global law firm, White Case LLP, where as an equity partner she specialized in international project finance and capital markets. Ms. Almodovar has served on the Board of Directors of Realty Income, Inc., a real estate investment trust, since November 2021, where she serves on the Board s Audit Committee. She previously served on the Board of Directors and Audit Committee of VEREIT, Inc., which was acquired by Realty Income, Inc., from February to November 2021. 
 
 Amy E. Alving Age 60 Independent director since October 2013 Board committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance (Vice Chair) Risk Policy and Capital (Chair) Dr. Alving served as Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President at Science Applications International Corporation SAIC ), now known as Leidos Holdings, Inc., a scientific, engineering and technology applications company, from 2007 to 2013. Dr. Alving s prior positions include director of the Special Projects Office at the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, White House Fellow, and tenured faculty member at the University of Minnesota. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 166 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Directors 

 Dr. Alving is currently a member of the Board of Directors of DXC Technology Company and is a member of the Board of Directors of Howmet Aerospace Inc. (formerly Arconic Inc.), where she serves as Chair of the Governance and Nominating Committee. Dr. Alving also serves as a member of the Department of the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board, a body that advises the Secretary of the Air Force and other Air Force senior leaders on scientific and technical matters. Dr. Alving previously served on the Board of Directors of Arconic Inc. from November 2016 to May 2017 and rejoined its Board of Directors in May 2018. From 2010 to 2015, Dr. Alving was a member of the Board of Directors of Pall Corporation, where she served as a member of the Audit Committee and the Nominating/Governance Committee. In addition, she is a Trustee of Princeton University. 
 
 Christopher J. Brummer Age 47 Independent director since February 2021 Board committees: Community Responsibility and Sustainability (Vice Chair) Risk Policy and Capital Mr. Brummer is the Faculty Director of the Institute of International Economic Law and Agnes N. Williams Research Professor of Law at the Georgetown University Law Center, where he began teaching in 2009. Prior to that time, he served as an assistant professor of law at Vanderbilt Law School from 2006 to 2009 and as an academic fellow at the Securities and Exchange Commission s Office of International Affairs from 2008 to 2009. Prior to his position at Vanderbilt, Mr. Brummer was an attorney in private practice in New York and London from 2004 to 2006. Mr. Brummer is the founder of DC Fintech Week, a public policy conference on finance and technology, a co-founder of the Fintech Beat podcast and newsletter for CQ Roll Call, and the author of a number of publications. He is currently a nonresident senior fellow for the Atlantic Council s GeoEconomics Center, a member of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission s Subcommittee on Virtual Currencies, an advisory council member for the Alliance for Innovative Regulation and an advisory group member for the Digital Dollar Project. Mr. Brummer serves as an advisor to the investment fund Paradigm Operations LP and as an advisor to Paypal. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of Open to the Public Investing, Inc. and K2 Integrity. Mr. Brummer served as a member of the Biden-Harris Presidential Transition Team from October 2020 to January 2021, a member of the Financial Innovation Standing Committee of the European Securities and Markets Authority ESMA Consultative Working Group from February 2019 to December 2020, a member of Nasdaq delisting panels from 2010 to 2016, a senior fellow for the Milken Institute s Center for Financial Markets from 2011 to 2017, and a member of FINRA s National Adjudicatory Council from 2013 to 2015. 
 
 Ren e Lewis Glover Age 73 Independent director since January 2016 Board committees: Audit Community Responsibility and Sustainability Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair) Ms. Glover is the Founder and Managing Member of The Catalyst Group, LLC, a national consulting firm focused on urban revitalization, real estate development and community building, urban policy, and business transformation. Ms. Glover is currently a member of the Board of Directors of Tricon Residential Inc., where she serves on the Audit Committee. Ms. Glover was a member of the Board of Trustees of Enterprise Community Partners, Inc., where she served on the Executive Committee and as Chair of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee, until December 2022. Ms. Glover served on the Board of Directors of Habitat for Humanity International from 2006 to 2015, including serving as Chair of the Board of Directors from 2013 to 2015. Committees on which she served during her time as a member of the Board of Directors of Habitat for Humanity International included the Audit Committee, Finance Committee, Operations Committee and Executive Committee. Ms. Glover served as a member of the Board of Directors of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta from 2009 to 2014, where she served on the Audit and Operational Risk Committee. She also served as a Commissioner of the Bipartisan Policy Center Housing Commission from 2011 to 2014. The Commission was responsible for developing a set of bipartisan recommendations concerning federal housing 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 167 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Directors 

 policy and housing finance. Ms. Glover served as president and chief executive officer of the Atlanta Housing Authority and its affiliates from 1994 to 2013. Prior to joining the Atlanta Housing Authority, Ms. Glover was a corporate finance attorney in Atlanta and New York. Ms. Glover served on the Board of Trustees of Starwood Waypoint Homes from February 2017 to November 2017, where she served on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Audit Committee. Ms. Glover serves on the Advisory Board of the Penn Institute for Urban Research, the Azimuth GRC Advisory Board, and the Advisory Board for the J. Ronald Terwilliger Center for Housing Policy. 
 
 Michael J. Heid Age 65 Independent director since May 2016 Board Chair since May 2022 Board committees: None Mr. Heid served as Executive Vice President (Home Lending) of Wells Fargo Company from 1997 to his retirement in January 2016. He served in a number of positions at Wells Fargo Home Mortgage, the mortgage banking division of Wells Fargo, including as president from 2011 to 2015, as co-president from 2004 to 2011, and earlier as chief financial officer and head of Loan Servicing. Mr. Heid was employed by Wells Fargo or its predecessors since 1988. Mr. Heid is currently a member of the Board of Directors of Roosevelt Management Company LLC, where he also serves as Chair of the Risk Committee and a member of the Strategy Committee. Mr. Heid is also on the Advisory Board for Home Partners of America and Promontory Mortgage Path. 
 
 Robert H. Herz Age 69 Independent director since June 2011 Board committees: Audit (Chair) Compensation and Human Capital Nominating and Corporate Governance Mr. Herz serves as President of Robert H. Herz LLC, providing consulting services on financial reporting and other matters. He previously served as a senior advisor to and as a member of the Advisory Board of Workiva Inc. (formerly WebFilings LLC), a provider of financial reporting software, from 2011 to 2014. From 2002 to 2010, Mr. Herz was Chairman of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB. He was also a part-time member of the International Accounting Standards Board, or IASB, from 2001 to 2002. He was a partner in PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from 1985 until his retirement in 2002. Mr. Herz is currently a member of the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley, where he serves as Chair of the Audit Committee and as a member of the Governance and Sustainability Committee. Mr. Herz is also a current member of the Board of Directors of Workiva Inc., where he serves as a member of the Audit Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee, and a member of the Board of Directors of Paxos National Trust Company. He also serves on the Board of Directors of the International Foundation for Valuing Impacts and on the Advisory Boards of the following entities: AccountAbility; the Continuous Auditing and Reporting Lab at Rutgers Business School; Lukka, Inc.; and RS Metrics. Mr. Herz also serves as a member of the G7 Impact Taskforce s Working Group on Impact Transparency, Integrity, and Reporting and as an executive in residence at the Columbia Business School. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 168 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Directors 

Simon Johnson Age 60 Independent director since February 2021 Board committees: Audit (Vice Chair) Community Responsibility and Sustainability Mr. Johnson has served as a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology MIT Sloan School of Management since 1997. He is currently the Ronald A. Kurtz Professor of Entrepreneurship and head of the Global Economics and Management Group at the MIT Sloan School of Management. Mr. Johnson is also currently a research associate for the National Bureau of Economic Research, a private nonpartisan organization that facilitates cutting-edge investigation and analysis of major economic issues. Mr. Johnson was a member of the Center for a New Economy s Growth Commission on Puerto Rico from January 2017 to June 2019, a member of the Financial Research Advisory Committee of the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Financial Research from 2014 to December 2016, where he chaired the Global Vulnerabilities Working Group, a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s Systemic Resolution Advisory Committee from 2011 to December 2016, a member of the Congressional Budget Office s Panel of Economic Advisers from 2009 to 2015, a senior follow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics from 2008 to November 2019, and Chief Economist at the International Monetary Fund from 2007 to 2008. He is currently co-chair of the CFA Institute Systemic Risk Council, a public interest group that monitors progress on the implementation of financial reforms, an advisory board member for the Institute for New Economic Thinking, and an advisory board member for Intelligence Squared. Mr. Johnson is the co-founder of Baselinescenario.com and the author of numerous publications. 
 
 Karin J. Kimbrough Age 54 Independent director since March 2019 Board committees: Community Responsibility and Sustainability (Chair) Compensation and Human Capital (Vice Chair) Ms. Kimbrough has served as Chief Economist for LinkedIn Corporation since January 2020. Ms. Kimbrough previously served as Assistant Treasurer for Google from October 2017 to December 2019. Prior to that time, Ms. Kimbrough served as a Managing Director and Head of Macroeconomic Policy at Bank of America Merrill Lynch from 2014 to October 2017. Ms. Kimbrough worked at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York from 2005 to 2014, serving as Vice President and a director for the Financial Stability Monitoring Function in the Markets Group from 2010 to 2014 and as a manager for Analytical Development from 2005 to 2010. Ms. Kimbrough previously worked as an economist and strategist at Morgan Stanley from 2000 to 2005. Ms. Kimbrough currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Bread Financial Holdings, Inc., where she serves as a member of the Compensation and Risk Committees. She also serves as an economic advisor to 3x5 Partners Funds III, LP. 
 
 Diane C. Nordin Age 64 Independent director since November 2013; Board Vice Chair since April 2019 Board committees: Audit Compensation and Human Capital (Chair) Risk Policy and Capital Ms. Nordin served as a partner of Wellington Management Company, LLP, a private asset management company, from 1995 to 2011, and originally joined Wellington in 1991. She served in many global leadership roles at Wellington, most 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 169 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Directors 

 notably as head of Fixed Income, Vice Chair of the Compensation Committee and Audit Chair of the Wellington Management Trust Company. Ms. Nordin spent over three decades in the investment business, having previously been employed by Fidelity Investments and Putnam Investments. Ms. Nordin is a Chartered Financial Analyst. Following her retirement from the asset management industry, Ms. Nordin served as an Advanced Leadership Initiative Fellow at Harvard University from 2011 to 2012. Ms. Nordin currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Principal Financial Group, where she serves as Chair of the Audit Committee and as a member of the Finance Committee. She also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Antares Midco, Inc., where she serves as Chair of the Compensation Committee. Ms. Nordin also serves as a trustee of the Financial Accounting Foundation. Previously, she served as Chair of the Board of Governors of the CFA Institute, where she also served as Chair of the Governance Committee. 
 
 Manuel Manolo S nchez Rodr guez Age 57 Independent director since September 2018 Board committees: Compensation and Human Capital Nominating and Corporate Governance Risk Policy and Capital (Vice Chair) Mr. S nchez was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Compass Bank, Inc. Compass Bank ), a U.S. subsidiary of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. BBVA ), from 2008 to January 2017. Mr. S nchez also served as a member of BBVA s worldwide Executive Committee and was BBVA s Country Manager for U.S. operations from 2010 to January 2017. In addition, Mr. S nchez became Chairman of the Board of Directors of Compass Bank and its holding company, BBVA Compass Bancshares, Inc., in 2010 and served in these roles until November 2017. Mr. S nchez joined BBVA in 1990 and served in a number of other roles at BBVA prior to becoming President and Chief Executive Officer of Compass Bank in 2008. Mr. S nchez currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Stewart Information Services Corporation, where he serves as a member of the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. S nchez also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Elevate Credit, Inc., where he serves as a member of the Audit Committee and the Risk Committee. From July 2019 to July 2021, Mr. S nchez served on the Board of Directors of BanCoppel S.A. Instituci n de Banca M ltiple in Mexico City. From November 2018 to October 2020, Mr. S nchez served as a member of the Board of Directors of On Deck Capital, Inc., where he was a member of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. Mr. S nchez is Founder of Adelante Ventures LLC and serves as a Board member or advisor to several fintech companies, including Topl and Spring Labs. He is an Adjunct Professor at Rice University s Jones Graduate School of Business, where he teaches disruption in financial services with a focus on crypto currencies and blockchain. Mr. S nchez also currently serves as a trustee or member of the Board of Directors of a number of civic, cultural and educational institutions, including the KIPP Texas Public Schools, the Center for Houston s Future and Texas Children s Hospital. 
 
 Corporate Governance 
 Conservatorship and Board Authorities 
 On September 6, 2008, the Director of FHFA appointed FHFA as our conservator in accordance with the GSE Act. As conservator, FHFA succeeded to all rights, titles, powers and privileges of Fannie Mae, and of any shareholder, officer or director of Fannie Mae with respect to Fannie Mae and its assets. As a result, our Board of Directors no longer had the power or duty to manage, direct or oversee our business and affairs. 
 As conservator, FHFA reconstituted our Board of Directors and provided the Board with specified functions and authorities. Our directors serve on behalf of the conservator and exercise their authority as directed by and with the approval, where required, of the conservator. Our directors owe their fiduciary duties of care and loyalty solely to the conservator. Thus, while we are in conservatorship, the Board has no fiduciary duties to the company or its stockholders. 
 Our Board of Directors exercises specified functions and authorities provided to it pursuant to an order from FHFA, as our conservator. The conservator also provided instructions regarding matters for which conservator decision or notification is required. The conservator retains the authority to amend or withdraw its order and instructions at any time. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 170 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Corporate Governance 

 FHFA s instructions require that we obtain the conservator s decision before taking action on matters that require the consent of or consultation with Treasury under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. See Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Treasury Agreements Covenants under Treasury Agreements and Note 11, Equity for matters that require the approval of Treasury under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. 
 FHFA s instructions also require us to obtain the conservator s decision before taking action in the areas identified in the table below. For some matters, FHFA s instructions specify that our Board must review and approve the matter before we request FHFA decision, and for other matters the Board is expected to determine the appropriate level of its engagement. For some of the matters specified in the table below that require prior Board review and approval, the Board is permitted to delegate authority to a relevant Board committee. Matters requiring prior Board review and approval: Other matters: redemptions or repurchases of our subordinated debt, except as may be necessary to comply with the senior preferred stock purchase agreement; 
 creation of any subsidiary or affiliate, or entering into a substantial transaction with a subsidiary or affiliate, except for routine ongoing transactions with CSS or the creation of, or a transaction with, a subsidiary or affiliate undertaken in the ordinary course of business; 
 changes to or removal of Board risk limits that would result in an increase in the amount of risk that we may take; 
 retention and termination of the external auditor; 
 terminations of law firms serving as consultants to the Board; 
 proposed amendments to our bylaws or to charters of our Board committees; 
 setting or increasing the compensation or benefits payable to members of the Board; and 
 establishing the annual operating budget. 
 material changes in accounting policy; 
 proposed changes in our business operations, activities, and transactions that in the reasonable business judgment of management are more likely than not to result in a significant increase in credit, market, reputational, operational or other key risks; 
 matters that impact or question the conservator s powers, our conservatorship status, the legal effect of the conservatorship, interpretations of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement or the Financial Agency Agreement with Treasury or our performance under the Financial Agency Agreement; 
 agreements relating to litigation, lawsuits, claims, demands, prosecutions, regulatory proceedings or tax matters where the amount in dispute exceeds a specified threshold, including related matters that aggregate to more than the threshold; 
 mergers, acquisitions and changes in control of key counterparties where we have a direct contractual right to cease doing business with the entity or object to the merger or acquisition; 
 changes to requirements, policies, frameworks, standards or products that are aligned with Freddie Mac s, pursuant to FHFA s direction; 
 credit risk transfer transactions that are a new transaction type, involve a material change in terms, or involve a new type of collateral; 
 transfers of mortgage servicing rights that meet minimum size thresholds and would increase the transferee s servicing of Fannie Mae seriously delinquent loans by more than a specified threshold; and 
 changes in employee compensation that could significantly impact our employees, including special incentive plans, merit increase pool funding, and retention awards for executives. 
 
 FHFA s instructions also require us to provide timely notice to FHFA of: activities that represent a significant change in current business practices, operations, policies or strategies not otherwise addressed in the instructions; exceptions and waivers to aligned requirements, policies, frameworks, standards or products if not otherwise submitted to FHFA for decision as required above; and accounting error corrections to previously-issued financial statements that are not de minimis . FHFA will then determine whether any such items require its decision as conservator. For more information on the conservatorship, refer to Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements. 
 Composition of Board of Directors 
 FHFA has directed that our Board of Directors should have a minimum of nine and not more than thirteen directors. There is a non-executive Chair of the Board, and our Chief Executive Officer is the only corporate officer serving as a director. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, in accordance with FHFA corporate governance regulations, require a majority of Fannie Mae s directors to be independent. The Board currently has ten members, nine of whom are independent. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Director Independence for a description of our director independence requirements and a discussion of the Board s review of the independence of all current Board members. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 171 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Corporate Governance 

 Our conservator appointed directors in 2008. Subsequent vacancies have been and may continue to be filled by the Board, subject to review by the conservator. FHFA s 2008 order appointing directors provided that each director serves on the Board until the earlier of (1) resignation or removal by the conservator or (2) the election of a successor director at an annual meeting of shareholders. Because FHFA as our conservator has all powers of our shareholders, we have not held shareholders meetings since entering into conservatorship. 
 Under the Charter Act, each director is elected for a term ending on the date of our next annual shareholders meeting. Fannie Mae s bylaws provide that each director holds office for the term for which he or she was elected or appointed and until his or her successor is chosen and qualified or until he or she dies, resigns, retires or is removed from office in accordance with applicable law or regulation, whichever occurs first. As noted above, however, the conservator appointed an initial group of directors to our Board following our entry into conservatorship, provided the Board with the authority to appoint directors to subsequent vacancies subject to conservator review, and defined the term of service of directors during conservatorship. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines were amended in 2021 to provide that, absent death, resignation or retirement, each director first appointed in 2021 or thereafter will serve until the earliest of: (1) the third anniversary of the effective date of such director s appointment while the company is in conservatorship; (2) the date on which the director is removed by the conservator while the company is in conservatorship; or (3) the date on which the director s successor is elected at an annual meeting of shareholders. This three-year term applicable while the company is in conservatorship applies to two of the company s current directors Christopher Brummer and Simon Johnson; all other directors were appointed prior to 2021. In addition, absent a waiver from FHFA, FHFA corporate governance regulations limit service on our Board to ten years or age 72, whichever comes first. In 2021, FHFA approved a waiver of the ten-year Board term limit applicable to Mr. Herz, allowing him to serve on the Board through June 30, 2024, as well as a waiver of the Board age limit applicable to Ms. Glover, allowing her to serve on the Board through November 12, 2025. In 2022, FHFA approved waivers of the ten-year Board term limit applicable to Ms. Alving, allowing her to serve on the board through October 2026, and to Ms. Nordin, allowing her to serve on the board through November 2026. 
 Under the Charter Act, our Board shall at all times have as members at least one person from each of the homebuilding, mortgage lending and real estate industries, and at least one person from an organization that has represented consumer or community interests for not less than two years or one person who has demonstrated a career commitment to the provision of housing for low-income households. In addition, our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Board, as a group, must be knowledgeable in business, finance, capital markets, accounting, risk management, public policy, mortgage lending, real estate, low-income housing, homebuilding, regulation of financial institutions, technology, environmental, social and governance ESG ), and any other areas as may be relevant to the safe and sound operation of Fannie Mae. In addition to expertise in the areas noted above, our Corporate Governance Guidelines specify that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also seeks Board members who possess the highest personal values, judgment and integrity, and who understand the regulatory and policy environment in which Fannie Mae does business. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also considers whether a prospective Board candidate has the ability to attend meetings and fully participate in the activities of the Board. 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also considers diversity when evaluating the composition of the Board. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines specify that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is committed to considering minorities, women and individuals with disabilities in the identification and evaluation process for prospective Board candidates, and that the Committee seeks Board members who represent diversity in ideas and perspectives. These provisions of our Corporate Governance Guidelines implement FHFA regulations that require the company to implement and maintain policies and procedures that, among other things, encourage the consideration of diversity in nominating or soliciting nominees for positions on our Board. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 172 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Corporate Governance 

 Our directors have a variety of backgrounds and overall experience. Over half of Fannie Mae s Board members are women and/or racial or ethnic minorities. Our Board also has a balance of longer-serving directors with institutional knowledge and newer directors with fresh perspectives. The charts below provide information on the composition of our Board by demographic background and Board tenure. Board Diversity 
 
 Black/African American Women 40 s Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Corporate Governance 

 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee evaluates the qualifications and performance of current directors on an annual basis, taking into consideration factors related to a Board member s contribution to the effective functioning of the Board. In its assessment of current directors and evaluation of potential candidates for director, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers these factors, as well as each individual s particular experience, qualifications, attributes and skills in the areas identified in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. In concluding our current directors should serve as directors, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee took into account their knowledge in these areas as indicated in the table below, which they gained from their experience described in Directors. 
 Director Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills 

Board Leadership Structure 
 FHFA corporate governance regulations and our Corporate Governance Guidelines require separate Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer positions, and require that the Chair of the Board be an independent director. A non-executive Chair structure enables non-management directors to raise issues and concerns for Board consideration without immediately involving management and is consistent with the Board s emphasis on independent oversight of management, including independent risk oversight. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 174 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Corporate Governance 

 Our Board has five standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Community Responsibility and Sustainability Committee, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and the Risk Policy and Capital Committee. Pursuant to FHFA direction, with such exceptions as the conservator may direct, the Board and the standing Board committees function in accordance with: 
 their designated duties and authorities as set forth in the Charter Act, other applicable federal law, FHFA s corporate governance rules, FHFA s prudential management and operations standards, FHFA written supervisory guidance and direction, and, to the extent not inconsistent with the foregoing, Delaware law (insofar as Fannie Mae has adopted its provisions for corporate governance purposes); 
 Fannie Mae s bylaws and the applicable charters of Fannie Mae s Board committees; and 
 such other duties or authorities as the conservator may provide. 
 Such duties or authorities may be modified by the conservator at any time. 
 Committee Charters and Corporate Governance 
 Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and charters for each of the Board s standing committees are posted on our website, www.fanniemae.com, in the About Us Corporate Governance section. Although our equity securities are no longer listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), we are required by FHFA corporate governance regulations to follow specified NYSE corporate governance requirements relating to, among other things, the independence of our directors and the charter, independence, composition, expertise, duties, responsibilities and other requirements of our Board committees. 
 Risk Management Oversight 
 Our Board of Directors oversees risk management primarily through the Risk Policy and Capital Committee of the Board. FHFA corporate governance regulations set forth risk management requirements for our Board and our Risk Policy and Capital Committee, as described below. These regulations require that our Board approve, have in effect at all times, and periodically review an enterprise-wide risk management program that establishes our risk appetite, aligns the risk appetite with our strategies and objectives, and addresses our exposure to credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, business risk and operational risk. Our risk management program must align with our risk appetite and include risk limitations appropriate to each line of business, appropriate policies and procedures relating to risk management governance, risk oversight infrastructure, and processes and systems for identifying and reporting risks, including emerging risks. Our program must also include provisions for monitoring compliance with our risk limit structure and policies relating to risk management governance, risk oversight, and effective and timely implementation of corrective actions. Additional provisions must specify management s authority and independence to carry out risk management responsibilities and the integration of risk management with management s goals and compensation structure. FHFA corporate governance regulations require our Risk Policy and Capital Committee to assist the Board in carrying out its oversight of our risk management program. These regulations also require that our Risk Policy and Capital Committee must: 
 be chaired by a director not serving Fannie Mae in a management capacity; 
 have at least one member with risk management experience that is commensurate with our capital structure, risk appetite, complexity, activities, size and other appropriate risk-related factors; 
 have committee members with a practical understanding of risk management principles and practices relevant to Fannie Mae; 
 fully document and maintain records of its meetings; and 
 report directly to the Board and not as part of, or combined with, another committee. 
 FHFA corporate governance regulations set forth specific responsibilities for our Risk Policy and Capital Committee, including that it must: 
 periodically review and recommend for Board approval an appropriate enterprise-wide risk management program that is commensurate with our capital structure, risk appetite, complexity, activities, size and other appropriate risk-related factors; 
 receive and review regular reports from our Chief Risk Officer; and 
 periodically review the capabilities for, and adequacy of resources allocated to, enterprise-wide risk management. 
 Our Risk Policy and Capital Committee Charter also sets forth the Risk Policy and Capital Committee s duties and responsibilities in overseeing risk management for all of our major categories of risk and any other emerging risks. For 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 175 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Corporate Governance 

 more information on the role of our Board and management in risk oversight, see MD A Risk Management Risk Management Governance. 
 Board s Role in Cybersecurity Risk Oversight 
 Cybersecurity risk is overseen by the Board and the Risk Policy and Capital Committee. The Board has also delegated oversight authority for specified cybersecurity risk matters to certain management-level committees. The Board and the Risk Policy and Capital Committee engaged in discussions throughout the year with management on cybersecurity risk matters and received periodic reports from the company s chief information security officer and other officers, including updates on our cybersecurity program, the external threat environment, and the steps the company is taking to address and mitigate the risks associated with the evolving cybersecurity threat environment. Management also discussed cybersecurity developments with the Chair of the Risk Policy and Capital Committee and other Board members between Board and committee meetings, as appropriate. The company has procedures to escalate information regarding certain cybersecurity incidents to the appropriate members of the Board in a timely fashion. The Board reviews and approves the company s Cybersecurity Risk Policy and Operational Risk Policy at least annually. The Board and its committees also have authority, as they deem appropriate to fulfill Board or committee responsibilities, to engage outside consultants or advisors, including technology consultants and cybersecurity experts. 
 Human Capital Management Oversight 
 The Compensation and Human Capital Committee of the Board has oversight of the company s human capital management and its diversity and inclusion program and related policies and practices. As part of its oversight role, the Committee reviews the company s primary compensation programs and benefits, succession planning for executives, as well as corporate culture and employee engagement. 
 Codes of Conduct 
 We have a Code of Conduct that is applicable to all officers and employees (our Employee Code of Conduct and a Code of Conduct for the Board of Directors (our Director Code of Conduct ). Our Employee Code of Conduct also serves as the code of ethics for our Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and implementing regulations of the SEC. We have posted these codes on our website, www.fanniemae.com, under Code of Conduct in the About Us Corporate Governance section. We intend to disclose any changes to or waivers from these codes that apply to any of our executive officers, our controller or our directors by posting this information on our website. 
 Audit Committee Membership 
 Our Board of Directors has a standing Audit Committee consisting of Mr. Herz, who is the Chair, Mr. Johnson, who is the Vice Chair, Ms. Glover and Ms. Nordin, all of whom are financially literate and all of whom are independent under the requirements of independence set forth in FHFA corporate governance regulations (which requires the standard of independence adopted by the NYSE), Fannie Mae s Corporate Governance Guidelines, and other SEC rules and regulations applicable to audit committees. The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee has the requisite experience, as discussed in Directors, to qualify as an audit committee financial expert under the rules and regulations of the SEC and has designated each of them as such. 
 Executive Sessions 
 Our non-management directors meet in executive session on a regularly scheduled basis. Our Board of Directors reserves time for an executive session at every regularly scheduled Board meeting. The non-executive Chair of the Board presides over these sessions. 
 Communications with Directors or Audit Committee 
 Interested parties wishing to communicate any concerns or questions about Fannie Mae to the non-executive Chair of the Board or to our non-management directors individually or as a group may do so by electronic mail addressed to board@fanniemae.com, or by U.S. mail addressed to Board of Directors, c/o Office of the Corporate Secretary, Fannie Mae, 1100 15th Street, NW, Washington, DC 20005. Communications may be addressed to a specific director or directors, including Mr. Heid, the Board Chair, or to groups of directors, such as the independent or non-management directors. 
 Interested parties wishing to communicate with the Audit Committee regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters may do so by electronic mail addressed to auditcommittee@fanniemae.com, or by U.S. mail addressed to Audit Committee, c/o Office of the Corporate Secretary, Fannie Mae, 1100 15th Street, NW, Washington, DC 20005. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 176 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Corporate Governance 

 The Office of the Corporate Secretary is responsible for processing all communications to a director or directors. Communications that are deemed by the Office of the Corporate Secretary to be commercial solicitations, ordinary course customer inquiries or complaints, incoherent or obscene are not forwarded to directors. 
 Director Nominations; Shareholder Proposals 
 Under the GSE Act, FHFA, as conservator, has all rights, titles, powers and privileges of the shareholders and Board of Directors of Fannie Mae. As a result, Fannie Mae s common shareholders no longer have the ability to recommend director nominees or elect the directors of Fannie Mae or bring business before any meeting of shareholders pursuant to the procedures in our bylaws. We currently do not plan to hold an annual meeting of shareholders in 2023. 
 
 ESG Matters 
 Our ESG strategy builds upon our mission to facilitate equitable and sustainable access to homeownership and quality affordable rental housing across America. This includes working to address the underlying historical causes of the barriers to stable, affordable housing for underserved populations and helping to mitigate risks to the housing system due to environmental challenges such as climate change. Since 2018, we have conducted periodic assessments to deepen our understanding of the overall landscape, prioritize the areas that are most relevant to our business and stakeholders from an ESG perspective, and adapt our ESG strategy and disclosures accordingly. ESG considerations are embedded in our corporate strategic priorities. 
 For additional information on ESG matters, see our 2021 Environmental, Social, and Governance Report, which includes indices identifying certain SASB Standards and TCFD framework elements that are addressed in the report. The report can be found on our website, www.fanniemae.com, under ESG in the About Us section. 
 Some ESG-related information is also included in this report, including in the following sections: 
 Business Human Capital 
 Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Equitable Housing Finance Plan 
 Housing Goals and Duty to Serve Underserved Markets in Business Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters 
 MD A Risk Management Climate and Natural Disaster Risk Management and 
 MD A Risk Management Operational Risk Management Cybersecurity Risk Management 
 
 Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 
 The Audit Committee s charter sets forth the Audit Committee s duties and responsibilities, and provides that the Audit Committee s purpose is to: 
 oversee (a) the accounting, reporting, and financial practices of the company and its subsidiaries, including the integrity of the company s financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, (b) the company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (c) the external auditor s qualifications, independence, and performance, and (d) the qualifications, independence, and performance of the company s internal audit function and chief audit executive; 
 approve, or recommend for Board approval, as appropriate, certain of the company s policies relating to the Audit Committee s oversight of the external auditor relationship, internal audit function, and the compliance department; and 
 prepare the report required by the rules of the SEC to be included in the company s annual proxy statement in years in which Fannie Mae holds an Annual Meeting of Stockholders and files a proxy statement. 
 In accordance with this purpose, the Audit Committee has the authority to appoint, compensate, retain, oversee, evaluate and terminate the company s independent external auditor (referred to as the independent auditor however, the Audit Committee is required to consult and obtain the decision of the conservator before exercising some of these authorities. The independent auditor reports directly to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is responsible for fee negotiations with the independent auditor and pre-approves the fees for and the terms of all audit and permissible non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditor. The Audit Committee has delegated to its Chair the authority to pre-approve such services up to 1 million per engagement, which pre-approval must be ratified by the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee has the authority to retain counsel, accountants, experts and other advisors to assist the Audit Committee members in carrying out their duties; however, the Audit Committee s authority to terminate law firms serving as consultants to the Committee is subject to the conservator s decision. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 177 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 

 As described in Corporate Governance Audit Committee Membership, the Board has determined that all members of Fannie Mae s Audit Committee are financially literate and all are independent under the independence requirements set forth in FHFA corporate governance regulations (which require compliance with the independence standards adopted by the NYSE) and that all members of the Audit Committee are audit committee financial experts under the rules and regulations of the SEC. 
 The Audit Committee serves in an oversight capacity. Management is responsible for the financial reporting process, including the system of internal controls, for the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP and for the report on the company s internal control over financial reporting. The company s independent auditor, Deloitte Touche LLP Deloitte ), is responsible for planning and conducting an independent audit of those financial statements and expressing an opinion as to their conformity with GAAP and expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee s responsibility is to oversee the financial reporting process and to review and discuss management s report on the company s internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee relies, without independent verification, on the information provided to it and on the representations made by management, the internal audit function and the independent auditor, representatives of whom generally attend each Audit Committee meeting. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Audit Committee, among other things: 
 reviewed and discussed the company s quarterly earnings releases, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements; 
 together with the Board and the other Board Committees, including the Risk Policy and Capital Committee, reviewed the company s major legal and compliance risk exposures and the guidelines and policies that govern the process for risk assessment and risk management; 
 reviewed and discussed reports from management on the company s policies regarding applicable legal and regulatory requirements; 
 reviewed and discussed the plan and scope of the 2022 audit work for the independent auditor; 
 reviewed and discussed with management the company s 2021 ESG Report; 
 reviewed, discussed and approved the 2022 internal audit plan and budget, and reviewed and discussed summaries of the significant reports by the internal audit function; 
 reviewed the performance and compensation of the Chief Audit Executive and Chief Compliance Officer; 
 reviewed the engagement, independence and quality control procedures of the independent auditor, as described in further detail below; 
 met with and/or received reports from senior representatives of the following divisions or departments of the company: Finance, Legal, Compliance, Internal Audit, Chief Operating Officer and Enterprise Risk Management; and 
 met regularly in executive sessions with each of Deloitte, the internal audit function and company management, including the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Compliance Officer and the Chief Audit Executive, which provided an additional opportunity for Deloitte and the others noted to provide candid feedback to the Committee. 
 The Audit Committee also reviewed and discussed with management, the Chief Audit Executive and Deloitte: 
 the audited consolidated financial statements for 2022; 
 the critical accounting estimates that are set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K; 
 management s annual report on the company s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 Deloitte s opinion on the consolidated financial statements, including the critical audit matters addressed during the audit, and the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 The Audit Committee has discussed with Deloitte the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB and the SEC. The Audit Committee has received from Deloitte the written communications required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding Deloitte s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and also has discussed with Deloitte its independence from the company. 
 In evaluating Deloitte s independence, the Audit Committee considered whether services it provided to the company beyond those rendered in connection with its audit of the company s consolidated financial statements, reviews of the company s interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 178 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 

 opinion on the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting would impair its independence. The Committee also reviewed and pre-approved, among other things, the audit, audit-related and non-audit-related services performed by Deloitte. The Committee received regular updates on the amount of fees and scope of audit, audit-related and non-audit-related services provided. The Committee concluded that the provision of services by Deloitte did not impair its independence. 
 Deloitte has served as the company s independent auditor since 2005. The Audit Committee selects Deloitte s lead audit partner who, along with the concurring partner, rotates every five years. Pursuant to this schedule, in 2022 the Audit Committee selected a new lead audit partner to begin in the role with the fiscal year 2023 audit. The Audit Committee evaluates the independent auditor s qualifications, performance and independence on at least an annual basis. The factors the Audit Committee considered in evaluating and approving Deloitte s appointment as the company s independent auditor included: 
 Deloitte s technical expertise and industry experience; 
 its institutional knowledge of the company s business, significant accounting practices and system of internal control over financial reporting; 
 audit effectiveness, including the quality of Deloitte s audit work, its quality control procedures, the expertise and performance of the lead audit partner, and the professionalism and demonstrated objectivity and skepticism of Deloitte s team; 
 the frequency and quality of Deloitte s communication with the Committee, and the level of support provided to the Committee; 
 external data on audit quality and performance and legal and regulatory matters involving Deloitte, including the results of PCAOB inspection reports and Deloitte s peer review reports, and actions by Deloitte to continue to enhance the quality of its audit practice; and 
 Deloitte s independence and its policies and procedures regarding independence. 
 Based on the reviews, reports, meetings and discussions referred to above, and subject to the limitations on the Audit Committee s role and responsibilities described above and in the Audit Committee Charter, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the company s audited consolidated financial statements for 2022 be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for filing with the SEC. In addition, the Audit Committee approved the appointment of Fannie Mae s independent auditor, Deloitte Touche LLP, for 2023. FHFA, as the company s conservator, approved Deloitte s appointment as Fannie Mae s independent auditor for 2023. 
 Audit Committee: 
 Robert H. Herz, Chair 
 Simon Johnson, Vice Chair 
 Ren e Lewis Glover 
 Diane C. Nordin 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 179 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Executive Officers 

 Executive Officers 
 Under our bylaws, each executive officer holds office until their successor is chosen and qualified or until they die, resign, retire or are removed from office, whichever occurs first. 
 Ms. Almodovar, our Chief Executive Officer, has served as a member of our Board of Directors since December 2022. Information about her business experience and other matters is provided in Directors. As of February 14, 2023, we have seven other executive officers: 
 
 David C. Benson Age 63 President 
 
 Joined Fannie Mae in 2002 

Mr. Benson has been President since August 2018. He also served as the company's Interim Chief Executive Officer, from May to December 2022, as its Interim Chief Financial Officer, from May to November 2021, and as the interim head of Fannie Mae s Single-Family business, from January to May 2021. Mr. Benson previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2013 to August 2018, as Executive Vice President Capital Markets, Securitization Corporate Strategy from 2012 to 2013 and as Executive Vice President Capital Markets from 2009 to 2012. He also served as Treasurer from 2010 to 2012. Mr. Benson previously served as Fannie Mae s Executive Vice President Capital Markets and Treasury from 2008 to 2009, as Fannie Mae s Senior Vice President and Treasurer from 2006 to 2008, and as Fannie Mae s Vice President and Assistant Treasurer from 2002 to 2006. Prior to joining Fannie Mae, Mr. Benson was Managing Director in the fixed income division of Merrill Lynch Co. From 1988 through 2002, he served in several capacities at Merrill Lynch in the areas of risk management, trading, debt syndication and e-commerce based in New York and London. 
 
 H. Malloy Evans Age 49 Executive Vice President Single-Family 
 
 Joined Fannie Mae in 2004 

Mr. Evans has served as Executive Vice President Single-Family since May 2021. Prior to that time, Mr. Evans served as Fannie Mae s Senior Vice President and Chief Credit Officer for Single-Family from February 2019 to May 2021. Mr. Evans served as Fannie Mae s Vice President Single-Family Credit Policy from January 2018 to February 2019, as Vice President Single-Family Customer Risk Management from October 2016 to January 2018, and as Vice President Credit Portfolio Management and Making Home Affordable from 2014 to October 2016. Prior to that time, Mr. Evans served as Fannie Mae s Vice President Default Management from 2011 to 2014 and as Vice President and Deputy General Counsel Government Initiatives from 2009 to 2011. Mr. Evans joined Fannie Mae in 2004 as an Associate General Counsel. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 180 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Executive Officers 

Michele M. Evans Age 59 Executive Vice President Multifamily 
 
 Joined Fannie Mae in 1992 
 
 Ms. Evans has served as Executive Vice President Multifamily since August 2020. Prior to that time, Ms. Evans served as Multifamily Chief Operating Officer from 2009 to August 2020, first as Vice President from 2009 to 2012, and then as Senior Vice President from 2012 to August 2020. Ms. Evans served as Vice President for Corporate Affairs from 2006 to 2009. Prior to that time, Ms. Evans served in various director-level positions in the Multifamily business area from 1998 to 2006, and in various manager-level positions at the company from 1994 to 1998. Ms. Evans joined Fannie Mae in 1992 as an analyst. 
 
 Chryssa C. Halley Age 56 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Joined Fannie Mae in 2006 
 
 Ms. Halley has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2021. Prior to that time, Ms. Halley served as Senior Vice President and Controller of Fannie Mae from May 2017 to November 2021. Ms. Halley previously served as Senior Vice President and Deputy Controller of Fannie Mae from 2013 to May 2017. Prior to that time, Ms. Halley served as Vice President and Assistant Controller for Capital Markets and Operations from 2012 to 2013; Vice President for Tax, Debt and Derivatives and Securities Accounting from 2010 to 2012; and Vice President for Corporate Tax from 2007 to 2010. Ms. Halley joined Fannie Mae in 2006 as Director, Corporate Tax. 
 
 Jeffery R. Hayward Age 66 Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer 
 
 Joined Fannie Mae in 1987 

Mr. Hayward has served as Fannie Mae s Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer since August 2020. Mr. Hayward has served in various roles at Fannie Mae for over 30 years. Mr. Hayward served as Head of Multifamily from 2012 to August 2020, first as Senior Vice President from 2012 to 2014 and then as Executive Vice President from 2014 to August 2020. He was Fannie Mae s Senior Vice President National Servicing Organization from 2010 to 2012. He also served as Senior Vice President of Community Lending in Fannie Mae s Multifamily division from 2004 to 2010. Prior to that time, Mr. Hayward served as both a Senior Vice President and a Vice President in Fannie Mae s Single-Family division, including as Senior Vice President in the National Business Center from 2001 to 2004, as Vice President for Single-Family Business Strategy from 1999 to 2001, as Vice President for Asset Management Services from 1998 to 1999 and as Vice President for Quality Control and Operations from 1996 to 1998. Mr. Hayward also served as Vice President for Risk Management from 1993 to 1996. Before that, he served as Director, Loan Acquisition from 1992 to 1993, as Director, Marketing from 1989 to 1992, and as Senior Negotiator from 1988 to 1989. Mr. Hayward joined the company in 1987 as a senior MBS representative. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 181 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | Executive Officers 

Anthony Moon Age 58 Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer 
 
 Joined Fannie Mae in 2022 

Mr. Moon has served as Fannie Mae s Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer since December 2022. Mr. Moon has over 30 years of experience in financial services and over 25 years of experience in risk management. Mr. Moon previously served as Chief Risk Officer for the Wealth Management Division and the Morgan Stanley Private Bank at Morgan Stanley, from 2015 to December 2022. In that role, he was responsible for risk management oversight for market, credit, operational, liquidity, model, and strategic risks. He previously held risk leadership positions at GE Capital, Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, and Bankers Trust. Mr. Moon also serves as a Board Member for the Cortland College Foundation. 
 
 Stergios Terry Theologides Age 56 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary 
 
 Joined Fannie Mae in 2019 

Mr. Theologides has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary since March 2019. Mr. Theologides previously was in private legal practice at Theologides Law, P.C. from October 2017 to February 2019. He served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of CoreLogic, Inc. from 2010 to September 2017, and served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Information Solutions Group, of The First American Corporation, CoreLogic s predecessor, from 2009 to 2010. Mr. Theologides was Executive Vice President and General Counsel for Morgan Stanley s U.S. residential mortgage businesses from 2007 to 2009. He was Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for New Century Financial Corporation from 1998 to 2007. Mr. Theologides was in private legal practice at O Melveny Myers LLP from 1992 to 1996. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 Named Executives for 2022 
 This Compensation Discussion and Analysis focuses on our compensation decisions and arrangements for 2022 relating to the following executive officers, whom we refer to as our named executives : 
 Priscilla Almodovar Chief Executive Officer (beginning December 2022) 
 David C. Benson President; Former Interim Chief Executive Officer (May 2022 to December 2022) 
 Hugh R. Frater Former Chief Executive Officer (until May 2022) 
 Chryssa C. Halley Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 H. Malloy Evans Executive Vice President Single-Family 
 Jeffery R. Hayward Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer 
 Terry Theologides Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary 
 We refer to our 2022 compensation arrangements with our named executives, other than our non-interim Chief Executive Officers, as the 2022 executive compensation program. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 182 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 Executive Summary 
 Due to our conservatorship status and other legal requirements, FHFA, our conservator and regulator, has substantial oversight and approval rights over our executive compensation arrangements and determinations. Congress has also enacted legislation that significantly impacts the compensation we pay our named executives. We describe these requirements and legislation in 2022 Executive Compensation Program; Chief Executive Officer Compensation Legal, Regulatory and Conservator Restrictions on Executive Compensation. 
 Total annual direct compensation for our Chief Executive Officer is limited by statute to base salary at an annual rate of 600,000 while we are in conservatorship or receivership. The 2022 executive compensation program applicable to our other named executives was developed by FHFA in consultation with Treasury. These named executives receive two principal elements of compensation: base salary, which is paid in regular installments throughout the year, and deferred salary, which is paid after a deferral period of one or two years. There are two components to deferred salary: (1) a fixed portion that is generally subject to reduction if an executive leaves the company within one year following the end of the performance year, unless they have met specified age and years of service requirements; and (2) an at-risk portion that is subject to reduction based on corporate and individual performance. Named executives do not receive bonuses or any form of equity compensation. 
 We had a successful year in 2022 despite external challenges posed by volatile macroeconomic conditions and a rapid rise in mortgage interest rates, as well as internal challenges driven by significant turnover in senior leadership, including in the Chief Executive Officer role, and the lingering effects of the global pandemic. Under the leadership of our executives, including our named executives, we provided 684 billion in liquidity to the market in 2022 and, as discussed in Determination of 2022 Compensation, had many additional accomplishments. We completed or substantially completed, and in some cases exceeded, the corporate performance goals for 2022 set by FHFA as our conservator, which we refer to as the 2022 scorecard. In addition, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee of our Board of Directors concluded that, taking a holistic view of our 2022 performance, management should be credited with 100 achievement of the Board of Directors goals. 
 While conserving taxpayer resources is an important objective of FHFA s design of our executive compensation program, we and FHFA understand that this objective must be balanced with our need to attract and retain qualified and experienced executives to prudently manage our 4.1 trillion guaranty book of business. 
 
 2022 Executive Compensation Program; Chief Executive Officer Compensation 
 Overview of 2022 Executive Compensation Program 
 Compensation for our Chief Executive Officer is limited by statute, as we discuss more fully below. Accordingly, our 2022 executive compensation program did not apply to Ms. Almodovar, our current Chief Executive Officer, or Mr. Frater, our former Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Benson, who served as our President for all of 2022 and as our Interim Chief Executive Officer for a portion of 2022, continued to be compensated under our 2022 executive compensation program for his service as our President while he was also serving as Interim Chief Executive Officer. 
 FHFA has advised us that the design of our executive compensation program is intended to fulfill and balance three primary objectives: 
 Maintain Lower Pay Levels to Conserve Taxpayer Resources. Given our conservatorship status, our executive compensation program is designed generally to provide for lower pay levels relative to large financial services firms that are not in conservatorship. 
 Attract and Retain Executive Talent. Our executive compensation program is intended to attract and retain executive talent with the specialized skills and knowledge necessary to effectively manage a large financial services company. Executives with these qualifications are needed for us to continue to fulfill our important role in providing liquidity to the mortgage market and supporting the housing market, as well as to prudently manage our 4.1 trillion guaranty book of business. We face competition for qualified executives from other companies. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee regularly considers the level of our executives compensation and whether changes are needed to attract and retain executives. 
 Reduce Pay if Goals Are Not Achieved. To support FHFA s goals for our conservatorship and encourage performance in furtherance of these goals, 30 of an executive s total target direct compensation consists of at-risk deferred salary subject to reduction based on corporate and individual performance. 
 FHFA s objectives for our executive compensation program and the legal, regulatory and conservator restrictions on our executive compensation described below limit our ability to make changes to the program and limit the amount and type of compensation we may pay our executives. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 183 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 Legal, Regulatory and Conservator Restrictions on Executive Compensation 
 We describe below legal, regulatory and conservator requirements that significantly affect our executive compensation program and policies. 
 Requirements Applicable During Conservatorship 
 While we are in conservatorship, we are subject to additional legal, regulatory and conservator requirements relating to our executive compensation, including the following: 
 Equity in Government Compensation Act. The Equity in Government Compensation Act of 2015 limits the compensation and benefits for our Chief Executive Officer to the same level in effect as of January 1, 2015 while we are in conservatorship or receivership. This law also provides that compensation and benefits for our Chief Executive Officer may not be increased while we are in conservatorship or receivership. Accordingly, annual direct compensation for our Chief Executive Officer is limited to base salary at an annual rate of 600,000. 
 STOCK Act. Pursuant to the STOCK Act and related FHFA regulations, our senior executives, including the named executives, are prohibited from receiving bonuses during conservatorship. FHFA defines a bonus as a payment that rewards an employee for work performed, where details of the award (such as the decision to grant it or its amounts) are determined after the performance period using discretion or inherently subjective measures. 
 FHFA Instructions Executive Compensation. The powers of FHFA as our conservator include the authority to set executive compensation. As our conservator, FHFA has retained the authority to approve the terms and amounts of our executive compensation. In its instructions to us, FHFA directed that management obtain FHFA s decision before entering into new compensation arrangements or increasing amounts or benefits payable under existing compensation arrangements of named executives or other executive officers as defined in SEC rules. 
 FHFA Instructions Other Compensation . Pursuant to FHFA instructions, FHFA s decision as conservator is required with regard to any changes in employee compensation that could significantly impact our employees, including but not limited to special incentive plans, merit increase pool funding, and retention awards for executives. 
 FHFA Directives . As our conservator, from time to time FHFA issues or updates directives that relate to compensation of our executives and other employees. Pursuant to its currently applicable directives, FHFA has directed us to: 
 limit base salaries for all executives to no more than 600,000; 
 adjust the mandatory deferral period for at-risk deferred salary as described under Change to At-Risk Deferred Salary Deferral Period; and 
 include in our policies and procedures penalties for executive officers and certain other covered employees who are found to have engaged in specified restricted activity, including the clawback of compensation in appropriate circumstances to the extent permitted by law. See Other Executive Compensation Considerations Compensation Recoupment Policies Clawback Provision under Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement for a description of the compensation forfeiture and recoupment provisions we have implemented pursuant to this FHFA directive. 
 FHFA Guidance. As our conservator, FHFA has directed that we may target between the 25th and 50th percentiles of appropriate market data for both new executive hires and compensation increase requests for existing executives, unless FHFA has granted an exception. 
 Shareholder Powers. As our conservator, FHFA has all powers of our shareholders. Accordingly, we have not held shareholders meetings since entering into conservatorship, nor have we held any shareholder advisory votes on executive compensation. 
 Golden Parachute Regulation. A golden parachute payment generally refers to a compensatory payment that is contingent on or provided in connection with termination of employment. FHFA regulation pursuant to the GSE Act generally prohibits us from making golden parachute payments to any current or former director, officer, or employee of the company during any period in which we are in conservatorship, receivership or other troubled condition, unless either a specific exemption applies or the Director of FHFA approves the payments. Specific exemptions include qualified pension or retirement plans, nondiscriminatory employee plans or programs that meet specified requirements, and bona fide deferred compensation plans or arrangements that meet specified requirements. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 184 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 Other Applicable Requirements 
 We are also subject to legal and regulatory requirements relating to our executive compensation that apply whether or not we are in conservatorship, including the following: 
 Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement. Under the terms of our senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury, until the senior preferred stock is repaid or redeemed in full: 
 We may not enter into any new compensation arrangements with, or increase amounts or benefits payable under existing compensation arrangements of, any named executives or other executive officers as defined in SEC rules without the consent of the Director of FHFA, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury. 
 We may not sell or issue any equity securities without the prior written consent of Treasury except under limited circumstances, which effectively eliminates our ability to offer stock-based compensation. 
 Charter Act. Under the Charter Act and related FHFA regulations, FHFA as our regulator must approve any termination benefits we offer to our named executives and certain other officers identified by FHFA. 
 GSE Act. Pursuant to the GSE Act and related FHFA regulations, FHFA as our regulator has specified oversight authority over our executive compensation. The GSE Act directs FHFA to prohibit us from providing compensation to our named executives and certain other officers identified by FHFA that is not reasonable or comparable with compensation for employment in other similar businesses (including other publicly held financial institutions or major financial services companies) involving similar duties and responsibilities. FHFA may at any time review the reasonableness and comparability of an executive officer s compensation and may require us to withhold any payment to the officer during such review. The GSE Act also provides that, if we are classified as significantly undercapitalized, FHFA s prior written approval is required to pay any bonus to an executive officer or to provide certain increases in compensation to an executive officer. 
 Chief Executive Officer Compensation 
 Direct compensation for our Chief Executive Officer consists solely of a base salary at an annual rate of 600,000 and has been limited to this amount by statute since the enactment of the Equity in Government Compensation Act of 2015. For purposes of this disclosure, direct compensation includes salary and other cash compensation, but excludes certain health and welfare, retirement, relocation and other similar benefits. See Compensation Tables and Other Information Summary Compensation Table for information about our Chief Executive Officer s total 2022 compensation. 
 Limits on our Chief Executive Officer compensation affect our ability to attract and retain executive talent. Despite these limits, we were able to successfully hire a new Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Almodovar, in 2022. Total direct compensation for our Chief Executive Officer is approximately 95 below the market median for 2021 chief executive officer compensation at comparable firms. Our inability to offer market-based compensation to our Chief Executive Officer hinders our succession planning for our chief executive officer role. See Risk Factors for a discussion of the risks associated with executive retention and succession planning. 
 Elements of 2022 Executive Compensation Program 
 Direct Compensation 
 The table below summarizes the principal elements, objectives and key features of our 2022 executive compensation program for our named executives. Ms. Almodovar, our current Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Frater, our former Chief Executive Officer, received only base salary and no deferred salary in 2022. Although Mr. Benson served as our Interim Chief Executive Officer for a portion of 2022, he also served as our President for all of 2022 and continued to be compensated under our 2022 executive compensation program for his service as our President. All elements of our named executives direct compensation are paid in cash. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 185 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 Compensation 
 Element 
 Form Primary Compensation Objectives Key Features Base Salary Fixed cash payments, which are paid during the year on a biweekly basis. Attract and retain named executives by providing a fixed level of current cash compensation. Base salary reflects each named executive s level of responsibility and experience, as well as individual performance over time. Base salary rate may not exceed 600,000 for any executive while we are in conservatorship. Deferred Salary (1) 
 
 (Not applicable to Ms. Almodovar or Mr. Frater) 

Deferred salary is earned in biweekly increments over the course of the performance year and paid in quarterly installments in March, June, September and December of the first or second year following the performance year. 
 
 There are two elements of deferred salary: 
 a fixed portion that is generally subject to reduction if an executive leaves the company within one year following the end of the performance year, unless they have met specified age and years of service requirements; and 
 an at-risk portion that is subject to reduction based on assessments of corporate and individual performance following the end of the performance year. 
 Interest accrues on deferred salary at one-half of the one-year Treasury Bill rate in effect on the last business day immediately preceding the year in which the deferred salary is earned. 
 Fixed Deferred Salary Retain named executives. Earned but unpaid fixed deferred salary is generally subject to reduction if a named executive leaves the company within one year following the end of the performance year, unless they have met the age and years of service requirements specified below. The amount of earned but unpaid fixed deferred salary received by the named executive will be reduced by 2 for each full or partial month by which the executive s separation date precedes January 31 of the second year following the performance year (or, if later, the end of the twenty-fourth month following the month in which the named executive first earned deferred salary). 
 The reduction provisions applicable to payments of earned but unpaid fixed deferred salary do not apply if an officer s employment terminates other than for cause at or after age 62, or age 55 with 10 years of service with Fannie Mae, or as a result of death or long-term disability. 
 At-Risk Deferred Salary Retain named executives and encourage them to achieve corporate and individual performance objectives. Equal to 30 of each named executive s total target direct compensation. Half of at-risk deferred salary was subject to reduction based on corporate performance against the 2022 scorecard as determined by FHFA in its discretion. The remaining half of at-risk deferred salary was subject to reduction based on individual performance as determined by the Board of Directors, with FHFA s review, taking into account corporate performance against the 2022 Board of Directors goals. 
 
 There is no potential for at-risk deferred salary to be paid out at greater than 100 of target; at-risk deferred salary is subject only to reduction. 
 
 If the executive s employment terminates due to death or long-term disability prior to the Board of Directors and FHFA s determinations of performance, the reduction provisions applicable to payments of earned but unpaid at-risk deferred salary do not apply. 
 
 (1) Fixed deferred salary is paid in the first year following the performance year. As described in Change to At-Risk Deferred Salary Deferral Period below, for our named executives, half of 2022 at-risk deferred salary will be paid in 2023 and the other half in 2024. At-risk deferred salary earned beginning January 1, 2023 will be paid in the second year following the performance year. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 186 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 Employee Benefits 
 Our employee benefits serve as an important tool in attracting and retaining senior executives. We describe the employee benefits available in 2022 to our named executives in the table below. We provide more detail on our retirement plans in Compensation Tables and Other Information. 
 Benefit Form Primary Objective 401(k) Plan Retirement Savings Plan The Retirement Savings Plan is a tax-qualified defined contribution plan 401(k) plan available to our employee population as a whole. Attract and retain named executives by providing retirement savings in a tax-efficient manner. Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan The Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan is an unfunded, non-tax-qualified defined contribution plan. The plan supplements our Retirement Savings Plan by providing benefits to participants whose annual eligible earnings exceed the IRS limit on eligible compensation for 401(k) plans. Attract and retain named executives by providing additional retirement savings. Health, Welfare and Other Benefits 
 In general, the named executives are eligible for the same benefits available to our employee population as a whole, including our medical insurance plans, life insurance program and matching charitable gifts program. The named executives are also eligible to participate in our voluntary supplemental long-term disability plan, which is available to many of our employees. 
 Provide for the well-being of the named executive and their family. 
 
 Sign-on Awards and Relocation Benefits 
 In addition to the direct compensation and employee benefits described in the tables above, from time to time we may offer a sign-on award to a new executive to attract the executive to join Fannie Mae and/or to compensate the executive for compensation forfeited upon leaving a prior employer. We also from time to time may offer relocation benefits to a new executive to attract the executive by reimbursing them for costs associated with moving to the Washington, DC area. 
 Ms. Almodovar became our Chief Executive Officer in December 2022. In connection with her hire, we are providing her benefits under our relocation plan. They are conditioned on Ms. Almodovar s continued employment with Fannie Mae for a minimum of 18 months from her start date as Chief Executive Officer. She must reimburse Fannie Mae 100 of these benefits paid to her if her employment terminates (either voluntarily or involuntarily due to misconduct) within 12 months, or 50 if her employment terminates from the 13th through the 18th month, following her hire. 
 Severance Benefits 
 We have not entered into agreements with any of our named executives that entitle the executive to severance benefits. Under the 2022 executive compensation program, a named executive is entitled to receive a specified portion of their earned but unpaid deferred salary if their employment is terminated for any reason other than for cause. See Compensation Tables and Other Information Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control for information on compensation that we may pay to a named executive in certain circumstances in the event the executive s employment is terminated. 
 Change to At-Risk Deferred Salary Deferral Period 
 In 2019, FHFA directed us to increase the mandatory deferral period for at-risk deferred salary received by senior vice presidents and above from one year to two years. For executives hired or promoted to senior vice president on or after January 1, 2020, this change was effective for at-risk deferred salary earned beginning January 1, 2020. For executives hired before January 1, 2020, this change became effective for at-risk deferred salary earned beginning January 1, 2022; however, pursuant to an FHFA directive issued in June 2022, for these executives hired before January 1, 2020, one-half of at-risk deferred salary earned in 2022 will be paid in quarterly installments in the first year following the performance year and the remaining one-half of at-risk deferred salary earned in 2022 will be paid in quarterly installments in the second year following the performance year. For compensation earned in 2023 and thereafter, all at-risk deferred salary will be paid in quarterly installments in the second year following the performance year. This mandatory deferral period for at-risk deferred salary applies for so long as we are in conservatorship. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 187 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 Determination of 2022 Compensation 
 
 2022 Compensation Actions 
 The table below displays the 2022 direct compensation targets for each of our named executives who were our employees as of December 31, 2022 compared to the actual amounts that will be paid to the named executives based on the assessments and determinations by FHFA, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, and the Board of Directors. This table is presented on a different basis from, and is not intended to replace, the Summary Compensation Table required under applicable SEC rules, which is included in Compensation Tables and Other Information Summary Compensation Table and includes additional forms of compensation not included in the table below. Mr. Frater is excluded from the table below due to his departure from the company in May 2022. 
 In 2022, the Board of Directors and FHFA approved increases in the total direct compensation targets and in the base salaries of some of our named executives. Mr. Benson s compensation as President was increased to better align his compensation with the market. Mr. Evans, Ms. Halley and Mr. Theologides also received compensation increases to better align their compensation with the market. For Mr. Evans and Ms. Halley, these increases were in lieu of smaller compensation increases that had been approved by the Board of Directors and FHFA in 2021 and went into or were scheduled to go into effect in 2022 in connection with the increased responsibilities, scope and complexity of new roles each assumed in 2021. In December 2022 and January 2023, the Board of Directors and FHFA approved additional compensation increases for Mr. Evans and Ms. Halley to better align their compensation with the market and approved adjustments to the base salaries and fixed deferred salaries of Mr. Theologides and Mr. Hayward to increase their base salaries to 600,000 without changing their total target direct compensation; these changes became effective in 2023 and are not reflected in the table below. 
 Summary of 2022 Compensation Actions 
 2022 Corporate Performance-Based At-Risk Deferred Salary (1) 
 2022 Individual Performance-Based At-Risk Deferred Salary (2) 
 Total Name and Principal Position 2022 Base Salary 2022 Fixed Deferred Salary Target Actual of Target Target Actual of Target Target Actual Priscilla Almodovar (3) 
 46,154 46,154 46,154 Chief Executive Officer David Benson (4) 
 600,000 2,200,000 600,000 97 600,000 100 4,000,000 3,982,000 President; Former Interim Chief Executive Officer Chryssa Halley (5) 
 500,000 1,018,462 325,384 97 325,385 100 2,169,231 2,159,469 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer H. Malloy Evans (6) 
 500,000 1,029,231 327,692 97 327,693 100 2,184,616 2,174,785 Executive Vice President Single-Family Jeffery Hayward (7) 
 500,000 1,460,000 420,000 97 420,000 100 2,800,000 2,787,400 Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Terry Theologides (8) 
 500,000 1,223,077 369,231 97 369,231 100 2,461,539 2,450,462 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary 
 
 (1) As described in 2022 Executive Compensation Program; Chief Executive Officer Compensation Elements of 2022 Executive Compensation Program, half of the named executives at-risk deferred salary (15 of total target direct compensation) was subject to reduction based on corporate performance against the 2022 scorecard as determined by FHFA in its discretion. See Assessment of Corporate Performance Against 2022 Scorecard for a description of FHFA s assessment of the company s performance against the 2022 scorecard. 
 (2) As described in 2022 Executive Compensation Program; Chief Executive Officer Compensation Elements of 2022 Executive Compensation Program, half of the named executives at-risk deferred salary (15 of total target direct compensation) was subject to reduction based on individual performance as determined by the Board of Directors, with FHFA s review, taking into account corporate performance against the 2022 Board of Directors goals. See Assessment of 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 188 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 Corporate Performance against 2022 Board of Directors Goals and Assessment of 2022 Individual Performance for a description of the Board s assessment of performance against the 2022 Board of Directors goals and the Board s assessment of the named executives individual performance. 
 (3) Ms. Almodovar joined Fannie Mae as Chief Executive Officer on December 5, 2022 and has a base salary rate of 600,000 per year. The amount shown consists of the prorated amount of base salary that was paid to her for 2022. 
 (4) Amounts shown reflect increases that became effective in July 2022 in Mr. Benson s fixed deferred salary and at-risk deferred salary, prorated based on their effective date. Since then, Mr. Benson s total annual direct compensation target has been 4,400,000, consisting of base salary of 600,000, fixed deferred salary of 2,480,000 and at-risk deferred salary of 1,320,000. 
 (5) Amounts shown reflect increases that became effective in July 2022 in Ms. Halley s fixed deferred salary and at-risk deferred salary, prorated based on their effective date. Effective in January 2023 , Ms. Halley s total annual direct compensation target increased to 3,000,000, consisting of base salary of 600,000, fixed deferred salary of 1,500,000 and at-risk deferred salary of 900,000. The January 2023 increase did not affect Ms. Halley s 2022 compensation shown in this table. 
 (6) Amounts shown reflect increases that became effective in July 2022 in Mr. Evans s fixed deferred salary and at-risk deferred salary, prorated based on their effective date. Effective in January 2023, Mr. Evans s total annual direct compensation target increased to 3,000,000, consisting of base salary of 600,000, fixed deferred salary of 1,500,000 and at-risk deferred salary of 900,000. The January 2023 increase did not affect Mr. Evans s 2022 compensation shown in this table. 
 (7) After adjustments to increase his base salary rate that became effective in early January 2023, Mr. Hayward s total annual direct compensation target of 2,800,000 consists of base salary of 600,000, fixed deferred salary of 1,360,000 and at-risk deferred salary of 840,000. The January 2023 adjustment did not affect Mr. Hayward s 2022 compensation shown in this table. 
 (8) Amounts shown reflect increases that became effective in September 2022 in Mr. Theologides s fixed deferred salary and at-risk deferred salary, prorated based on their effective date. At that time, Mr. Theologides s total annual direct compensation target increased to 2,600,000. After adjustments to increase his base salary rate that became effective in early January 2023, this amount consists of base salary of 600,000, fixed deferred salary of 1,220,000, and at-risk deferred salary of 780,000. The January 2023 adjustment did not affect Mr. Theologides s 2022 compensation shown in this table. 
 
 Assessment of Corporate Performance against 2022 Scorecard 
 Overview 
 In November 2021, FHFA issued the 2022 scorecard, a set of corporate performance objectives and related targets for 2022. The elements of the 2022 scorecard are shown below under FHFA Assessment. FHFA developed these objectives and related targets with input from management. Half of 2022 at-risk deferred salary, or 15 of overall 2022 total target direct compensation for each named executive other than Ms. Almodovar and Mr. Frater, was subject to reduction based on FHFA s assessment in its discretion of our performance against the 2022 scorecard and related objectives, including the assessment criteria identified below. 
 As part of the 2022 scorecard, FHFA established that, in addition to the specific scorecard items outlined in the table below, our performance would be assessed based on the extent to which: 
 Our products and programs foster sustainable and equitable housing finance markets that support safe, decent, and affordable homeownership and rental opportunities; 
 We conduct business in a safe and sound manner; 
 We meet expectations under all FHFA requirements, including those pertaining to capital, liquidity, and credit risk transfer; 
 We continue to manage operations while in conservatorship in a manner that preserves and conserves assets through the prudent stewardship of our resources; 
 We cooperate and collaborate with FHFA to meet the conservator s priorities, directives, and guidance throughout the course of the year; 
 We deliver work products that are high quality, thorough, creative, effective, and timely, and that consider effects on borrowers and renters, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the industry, and other stakeholders; and 
 We ensure that diversity, equity, and inclusion remain top priorities in strategic planning, operations, and business development. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 189 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 FHFA Assessment 
 We provided updates to and maintained a dialogue with FHFA throughout 2022 on our performance against the 2022 scorecard, including our performance against FHFA s expectations for diversity and inclusion. In January 2023, FHFA reviewed and assessed our performance against the 2022 scorecard, with input from management, and determined that the portion of 2022 at-risk deferred salary for senior executives that is based on corporate performance would be paid at 97 of target. In assessing our performance against the 2022 scorecard, the factors considered by FHFA included our completion or substantial completion of all of the 2022 scorecard objectives and our performance against the qualitative assessment criteria referenced above. 
 The table below sets forth the 2022 scorecard and a summary of FHFA s assessment of our achievement against the scorecard objectives and targets. For purposes of the 2022 scorecard, Enterprise refers to each of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. 
 FHFA 2022 Scorecard Objectives Performance Assessment Promote Sustainable and Equitable Access to Affordable Housing (50 
 Conduct business and undertake initiatives that support affordable, sustainable, and equitable access to homeownership and rental housing, and fulfill all statutory mandates. 
 Take significant actions to ensure that all borrowers and renters have equitable access to long-term affordable housing opportunities 
 Develop strategies to support sustainable homeownership and affordable rental housing. 
 Improve availability of small-balance purchase and refinance mortgages. 
 Develop high-quality Equitable Housing Finance Plans and take meaningful actions to achieve the goals and objectives of the plans. 
 Meet Housing Goals and Duty-to-Serve requirements. 
 Identify strategies and activities to facilitate greater affordable housing supply within the limits of charter authorities and submit recommendations to FHFA. 
 Update the current pricing framework to increase support for core mission borrowers, while ensuring a level playing field for small and large sellers, fostering capital accumulation, and achieving viable returns on capital. 
 Continue mortgage selling, servicing, and asset management efforts that promote sustainable home-retention solutions for borrowers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The objectives were completed. 
 FHFA noted that we showed initiative and took a proactive role in driving progress in assessing the efficacy of existing home retention solutions, working cooperatively with Freddie Mac. 
 FHFA raised a concern in connection with our implementation of our capital plan, noting that we continue to work through the errors in a model we use to forecast. These model errors are referenced in Business Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters Stress Testing. 
 Foster competition and efficiency in housing finance markets 
 Modernize the single-family appraisal process to foster efficiency in mortgage markets, and address barriers to equitable valuation. 
 Complete the final phase of validation and approval of credit score models and begin planning for implementation. 
 Leverage technology and data to further promote efficiency and cost savings in mortgage processes. 
 Research and assess opportunities to increase access for small and regional lenders to Enterprise multifamily products. 
 The objectives were completed except for one objective that was substantially completed. 
 One project related to leveraging technology and data was determined by FHFA to be substantially complete, meaning that there is minimal work that remains to be completed. 
 Manage new multifamily purchases to remain within the multifamily cap requirements described in Appendix A to the 2022 scorecard, including expanded affordability requirements. 
 The objectives were completed. 
 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 190 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 FHFA 2022 Scorecard Objectives Performance Assessment Operate the Business in a Safe and Sound Manner (50 
 Operate with heightened focus on safety and soundness and with a prudent risk profile consistent with continued support for housing finance markets throughout the economic cycle, while minimizing the risk of requiring a draw against the Treasury commitment in stressed scenarios. 
 Ensure that the Enterprise is resilient to operational, market, credit, economic, and climate risks. 
 Address examination and supervision findings promptly. 
 Maintain liquidity at levels required by FHFA and sufficient to sustain Enterprise operations through severe stress events. 
 Maintain effective risk management systems appropriate for entities that need to minimize risk to capital as they rebuild their capital buffers. 
 Ensure a governance structure exists to prioritize the effects of climate change throughout Enterprise decision making. 
 Continue to ensure a successful transition away from LIBOR to approved alternative reference rates by continuing systems development and announcing plans for the transition of legacy products. 
 The objectives were completed. 
 Transfer a significant amount of credit risk to private investors, reducing risk to taxpayers. 
 The objectives were completed. 

Assessment of Corporate Performance against 2022 Board of Directors Goals 
 In February 2022, the Board of Directors adopted a set of 2022 Board of Directors goals and, after obtaining FHFA s feedback on the goals, in July 2022 the Board updated the 2022 goals. The final 2022 goals were approved by FHFA in September 2022. The revised 2022 Board of Directors goals are presented in the table below. Performance against these goals was a factor the Board of Directors used to determine individual performance for purposes of the individual performance-based component of the named executives 2022 at-risk deferred salary. 
 In December 2022 and January 2023, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee reviewed our performance against the 2022 Board of Directors goals. In connection with the Compensation and Human Capital Committee s review, management provided the Compensation and Human Capital Committee with a report assessing management s performance against the goals, which was reviewed for reasonableness by our Internal Audit group. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee also discussed performance against the goals with the Chair of the Audit Committee and the Chair of the Risk Policy and Capital Committee. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee considered management s assessment of its performance against the goals and also discussed the company s performance and the individual performance of our named executives (other than Mr. Benson) with Mr. Benson, our President, and the individual performance of some of our named executives with Mr. Hayward, our Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer. 
 The Compensation and Human Capital Committee concluded that management performed well in the face of external challenges posed by volatile macroeconomic conditions and a rapid rise in mortgage interest rates, as well as internal challenges driven by significant turnover in senior leadership, including in the Chief Executive Officer role, and the lingering effects of the global pandemic. The Committee concluded that, taking a holistic view of our 2022 performance, management should be credited with 100 achievement of the Board of Directors goals. In assessing management s performance, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee noted that management smoothly transitioned senior leadership roles and delivered strong financial results while operating within risk limits, consistent with regulatory commitments. The Committee commended Fannie Mae s focus on bolstering its capital position while prudently managing risk. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee also noted several control inadequacies and process failures identified in 2022, including errors in a model that affected our previously reported stress test results. The Committee noted that in response to identifying these issues, management swiftly assessed their impact and took steps to strengthen the company s controls in an effort to avoid similar issues in the future. The Committee indicated its strong belief that management must prioritize identifying areas of control weakness and ensuring accuracy in its modeling. 
 The Board of Directors did not assign any relative weight to the Board of Directors goals and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee used its judgment in determining the overall level of company performance. In January 2023, following its review of management s and the company s performance in 2022, and after discussions among the independent members of the Board of Directors, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee recommended, and the Board of Directors determined, that corporate performance against the 2022 Board of Directors goals was 100 overall. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 191 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 The Compensation and Human Capital Committee and the Board of Directors also assessed the 2022 individual performance of each named executive in January 2023. Following these assessments, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee recommended, and the Board of Directors determined, each eligible named executive s individual performance-based at-risk deferred salary amount for 2022, as described in Assessment of 2022 Individual Performance below. 
 The Compensation and Human Capital Committee provided FHFA with its assessment of corporate performance against the 2022 Board of Directors goals. In February 2023, FHFA approved the performance-based at-risk deferred salary payments for the eligible named executives. 
 The table below sets forth our 2022 Board of Directors goals and a summary of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee s assessment of our achievement against these goals. 
 Board of Directors Goals Goals Performance Assessment Goals Relating to Strategic Objectives Housing Access and ESG 
 Housing Access: Take action to ensure borrowers and renters have equitable access to long-term affordable housing opportunities. 
 Diversity and Inclusion (D I): Promote diversity and the inclusion and utilization of minorities, women, and individuals with disabilities in all aspects of our business to enable pursuit of our mission. 
 Climate: Take targeted action to address climate- 
 related risks to Fannie Mae while also guiding efforts to support sustainable housing. 
 The goal was achieved. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee believes the company met its single-family and multifamily housing goals, its duty-to-serve obligations, its goals under the Equitable Housing Finance Plan, and its goals in support of sustainable housing. The Committee s determination regarding the company s single-family housing goals performance is partly based on its expectation of the level of goals-eligible originations in the primary mortgage market in 2022. FHFA will make the final determination on whether the company has met its 2022 housing goals and duty to serve obligations. 
 The company also met its diversity and inclusion goals and continued to build foundational management capabilities and increased awareness and understanding of climate risk. 
 Financially Secure 
 Manage the company s risk and financial position to ensure safety and soundness and to enable the pursuit of our mission-first approach to business. 
 The goal was achieved. Fannie Mae adhered to Board-approved risk limits; limited administrative expenses at or below Board-approved limits; met FHFA-required levels of return measures on new acquisitions; and responded to FHFA s directive regarding single-family pricing. 
 Digital Transformation 
 Increase our operational agility, stability, and efficiency while modernizing our technology platforms to support the broader housing finance system. 
 The goal was achieved. Fannie Mae made progress in cloud migrations and asset retirements. Fannie Mae also increased efficiency by expanding its adoption of development, security and operations DevSecOps capabilities and continued to strengthen its information security capabilities. 
 Goals Relating to Other Objectives Workforce 
 Develop and maintain our workforce to ensure 
 continuity of operations, support our strategy, and 
 enhance our culture. 
 The goal was achieved. Fannie Mae successfully developed and executed on a human capital strategy and evolved our approach and made significant progress on succession planning. 
 Regulatory 
 Ensure we are meeting commitments to FHFA. 
 The goal was achieved. Fannie Mae met or substantially met all the objectives in the 2022 FHFA scorecard and timely submitted requested documents and remediation plans to FHFA for all FHFA-identified risk and control matters within established timeframes or mutually acceptable extensions. 
 The Committee viewed delivering against FHFA s 2022 scorecard and collaboration and respectful engagement between Fannie Mae and FHFA as a paramount priority and commended Fannie Mae for prioritizing transparency and being proactive in its engagements with FHFA throughout the year. 

Assessment of 2022 Individual Performance 
 Half of 2022 at-risk deferred salary, or 15 of overall 2022 total target direct compensation for each named executive other than Ms. Almodovar and Mr. Frater, was subject to reduction based on individual performance in 2022, as determined by the Board of Directors with FHFA s approval. 
 The Board s determinations regarding individual performance were based on the recommendation of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, which assessed the 2022 performance of our named executives. Because Mr. Frater left the company in May 2022, and because Ms. Almodovar joined the company in December 2022, their 2022 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 192 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 performance was not assessed. The Committee received input from Mr. Benson, our President, in assessing the 2022 performance of named executives other than Mr. Benson. The Committee also received input from Mr. Hayward, our Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, and from our Chief Human Resources Officer in assessing the 2022 performance of some of our named executives. Upon recommendation from the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, the Board of Directors determined the performance of each eligible named executive and approved each eligible named executive s individual performance-based at-risk deferred salary for 2022. The Board of Directors determinations and highlights of each named executive s performance in 2022 are discussed below. FHFA approved the performance-based at-risk deferred salary payments for the eligible named executives in February 2023. 
 For more information on the named executives 2022 individual performance-based at-risk deferred salary, see Compensation Tables and Other Information Summary Compensation Table, including footnote 4 to the Summary Compensation Table for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 David Benson 
 President 
 Former Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 Mr. Benson has been President of Fannie Mae since 2018. In addition to serving as President in 2022, Mr. Benson served as the company s Interim Chief Executive Officer from May to December 2022. The Board determined that Mr. Benson s individual performance-based at-risk deferred salary for 2022 would be paid at 100 of his target. Mr. Benson s continued strong leadership in 2022 was critical to the company s success in achieving the 2022 scorecard and 2022 Board of Directors goals. His 2022 accomplishments included: 
 achieved a smooth transition upon the departure of the former Chief Executive Officer and the former Board Chairwoman, improved working relationships with FHFA leadership and the Board of Directors, and served as a source of continuity for employees; 
 to help prepare Fannie Mae for a forecasted recession, refocused the company s strategy, 2022 Board of Directors goals, administrative budget, and risk appetite and limits to reflect current conditions, business fundamentals, and FHFA objectives; 
 oversaw performance against our 2022 FHFA scorecard objectives and the 2022 Board of Directors goals, as well as our accomplishments in connection with our Equitable Housing Finance Plan, our work to support sustainable housing and to meet our 2022 housing goals and duty-to-serve obligations; 
 oversaw Fannie Mae s thought leadership in delivering multiple mission-focused white papers and the launch of the Single-Family Social Index, which provides insights into socially oriented lending activities on the loans we acquire; 
 recruited top talent in key executive positions, including a Chief Diversity Officer, a Chief Human Resources Officer, a Chief Audit Executive and a Chief Risk Officer; reorganized the division that reported to our former Chief Operating Officer and elevated a leader into the Chief Information Officer role; and served on the Board working group for the Chief Executive Officer search; 
 promoted inclusive recruiting and internal development; and 
 supported new management committee members as well as those more established members during leadership changes at FHFA, on the Board of Directors, and within our executive ranks. 
 Chryssa Halley 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 The Board determined that Ms. Halley s individual performance-based at-risk deferred salary for 2022 would be paid at 100 of her target. Ms. Halley s many accomplishments in 2022 provided critical support to Fannie Mae s achievement of the company s 2022 goals. Her 2022 accomplishments included: 
 supported the reorganization of the division that reported to our former Chief Operating Officer, including assuming responsibility for the modeling and strategy teams; 
 oversaw successful implementation of a new general ledger in January 2022; 
 worked on prioritization and capacity-based planning, including launching a management committee subgroup to review budget challenges and prioritization; 
 launched a project to develop vision for forecasting in the future state; and 
 oversaw divisional accomplishments including: development of the company s first capital plan and capital reporting disclosure; work on the transition from LIBOR to SOFR; the public release of Fannie Mae s Home Price Forecast and Refinance Application Loan Index (RALI); work on the refreshed corporate strategic plan; progress on resolving model governance issues; and advanced resolution planning. 
 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 193 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 Malloy Evans 
 
 Executive Vice President Single-Family 
 
 The Board determined that Mr. Evans s individual performance-based at-risk deferred salary for 2022 would be paid at 100 of his target. Mr. Evans s many accomplishments in 2022 contributed to Fannie Mae s achievement of the company s 2022 goals. His 2022 accomplishments included: 
 managed competing business objectives relating to risks, returns and our mission during a rapidly changing and challenging market environment; 
 advanced the single-family team s ability to prioritize work and capacity to deliver on high-value business outcomes, which is expected to enable resource and business agility and improve team member satisfaction related to delivering results; and 
 with his leadership team, strengthened relationships with FHFA senior staff through transparency, thought leadership and problem solving, establishing credibility that facilitated significant work with FHFA on a wide array of matters including FHFA s single-family pricing directive, risk limits management, appraisal modernization, and development of the social disclosures for Fannie Mae s single-family MBS. 
 Jeffery Hayward 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer 
 The Board determined that Mr. Hayward s individual performance-based at-risk deferred salary for 2022 would be paid at 100 of his target. Mr. Hayward s strong leadership in 2022 contributed to the company s achievement of its 2022 goals in a number of significant ways. His 2022 accomplishments included: 
 accomplished or supported accomplishment of FHFA 2022 scorecard items relating to housing goals, duty-to-serve obligations, the Equitable Housing Finance Plan and objectives relating to supporting sustainable housing, including, with the single-family and legal divisions, developing and launching a special purpose credit program pilot with a number of lenders; 
 oversaw his team in hiring five new members of the company s management committee through competitive external searches and activating succession plans upon the departure of our former Chief Operating Officer; and 
 engaged leaders across the organization to develop the company s human capital plan, including establishing and applying an organizational health framework for Fannie Mae and key metrics. 
 Terry Theologides 
 
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary 
 The Board determined that Mr. Theologides s individual performance-based at-risk deferred salary for 2022 would be paid at 100 of his target. Mr. Theologides s successful leadership of the Legal department provided critical support to Fannie Mae s achievement of the company s 2022 goals. His 2022 accomplishments included: 
 expanded his contribution beyond legal issues to support our former Interim Chief Executive Officer in addressing issues relating to strategy, culture, enterprise safety and soundness, and Board- and FHFA-related matters; and 
 enhanced legal department expertise, capacity, and succession depth to support new initiatives and challenges including model risk, capital planning, social disclosures for Fannie Mae MBS, resolution planning, and special purpose credit programs. 

Other Executive Compensation Considerations 
 Role of Compensation Consultants 
 The Compensation and Human Capital Committee s independent compensation consultant is Frederic W. Cook Co., Inc. FW Cook ). Management s outside compensation consultant is McLagan. 
 For 2022, consultants from FW Cook attended meetings and advised the Compensation and Human Capital Committee and the Board of Directors on various executive compensation matters, including: 
 preparing an analysis of compensation for our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer positions in comparison to comparable positions at companies in our primary comparator group, based on information in proxy statements and other reports filed by those companies with the SEC; 
 reviewing McLagan s analysis of market compensation data for select senior management positions; 
 reviewing various management proposals relating to compensation structures and levels, and for new hires and promotions; 
 reviewing our risk assessment of our 2022 compensation program; 
 assisting the Compensation and Human Capital Committee in its evaluation of our performance against the 2022 Board of Directors goals; 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 194 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 facilitating the Compensation and Human Capital Committee s evaluation of our President and former Interim Chief Executive Officer s performance; 
 informing the Compensation and Human Capital Committee of regulatory updates and market trends in compensation and benefits; and 
 assisting with the preparation of executive compensation disclosure in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 For 2022, consultants from McLagan attended meetings as needed and advised management and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee on various compensation and human resources matters, including: 
 providing guidance and feedback on our 2022 executive compensation program; 
 defining the protocol regarding benchmarking for executives; 
 advising on market trends, competitive pay levels and various compensation proposals for new hires and promotions; 
 providing market compensation data for senior management positions, including the named executives positions (other than the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer); and 
 reviewing market data and trends, and providing Compensation and Human Capital Committee members with an opportunity to ask questions and discuss implications of trends on Fannie Mae. 
 Compensation Consultant Independence Assessment 
 Pursuant to SEC and NYSE rules, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee assessed the independence of FW Cook and McLagan most recently in December 2022. Based on its assessments, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee determined that FW Cook is independent from Fannie Mae management and has no conflicts of interest. 
 Because McLagan was retained by and provides services to management, it is not an independent advisor. McLagan s work raises no material conflicts of interest, and we believe any conflict of interest raised by McLagan s retention and provision of services to management as well as to the Compensation and Human Capital Committee is addressed by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee s receipt of advice from and access to FW Cook as its independent compensation consultant. 
 
 Comparator Group and Role of Benchmark Data 
 Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee typically requests benchmark compensation data for our senior executives on an annual basis to assess the compensation of the company s senior executives relative to our comparator group or other appropriate benchmarks described below. In 2022, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee used benchmark compensation data as one of a number of factors that informed its compensation decisions. 
 Finding comparable firms for purposes of benchmarking executive compensation is challenging due to our unique business, structure and mission, and the large size of our book of business compared to other financial services firms. We believe the only directly comparable firm to us is Freddie Mac. At FHFA s request, we and Freddie Mac use the same comparator group of companies for benchmarking executive compensation to provide consistency in the market data used for compensation decisions. Factors relevant to the selection of companies for our comparator group included their status as U.S. public companies, the industry in which they operate (each is a commercial bank, insurance company, finance lessor, government-sponsored enterprise or financial technology firm) and their size (in terms of assets and number of employees) relative to the size of Fannie Mae. Our primary comparator group for 2022 compensation benchmarking consisted of the following 24 companies: 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 195 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 The Allstate Corporation Mastercard Incorporated Ally Financial Inc. MetLife, Inc. American International Group, Inc. Northern Trust Corporation American Express Company The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation Prudential Financial, Inc. Capital One Financial Corporation Regions Financial Corporation Citizens Financial Group, Inc. State Street Corporation Discover Financial Services Synchrony Financial Fifth Third Bancorp Truist Financial Corporation Freddie Mac U.S. Bancorp The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. Visa Inc. KeyCorp Voya Financial, Inc. 
 This primary comparator group was developed and approved by FHFA and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee in 2017, except for Truist Financial Corporation, which was created by the December 2019 merger of two companies in the comparator group BB T Corporation and SunTrust Banks, Inc. 
 The Compensation and Human Capital Committee follows a bifurcated approach to benchmarking the compensation of senior executive positions. Under this approach, while the comparator group noted above is the primary group of companies used for benchmarking senior management pay levels, for certain senior management roles that are more comparable in function and/or scope to roles at firms outside this comparator group, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee considers pay levels against a broader or different group of companies. The company believes this more comprehensive approach results in more reliable market data. 
 As described in Role of Compensation Consultants above, in 2022, FW Cook and McLagan prepared compensation benchmarking data for the named executives and other senior management positions. The compensation benchmarking data were primarily based on 2021 performance year compensation, but in most cases 2022 base salary information was included if available. The named executives 2022 total target direct compensation was compared with compensation for the comparable position at other companies as follows: 
 the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer (Ms. Almodovar) and our Chief Financial Officer (Ms. Halley) was benchmarked against our primary comparator group identified above; 
 the compensation of our President (Mr. Benson) was benchmarked against our primary comparator group to the extent those companies had a President position (14 of the 24 companies); 
 the compensation of our Executive Vice President Single-Family (Mr. Evans) was benchmarked against five of the companies in our primary comparator group (Ally Financial Inc., Fifth Third Bancorp, Freddie Mac, Truist Financial Corporation and U.S. Bancorp), a group of large banks (Bank of America Corporation, Citigroup Inc., JPMorgan Chase Co. and Wells Fargo Company), and certain other U.S.-based financial services firms, specialty mortgage lending organizations and commercial real estate firms, to the extent those firms have executives in comparable positions; and 
 the compensation of our Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer (Mr. Hayward) and our Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary (Mr. Theologides) was benchmarked against our primary comparator group and divisional leadership from the group of large banks used for benchmarking Mr. Evans compensation, to the extent those firms have executives in comparable positions (Mr. Hayward s compensation was benchmarked against compensation at 13 companies and Mr. Theologides s compensation was benchmarked against compensation at 22 companies). 
 Members of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee reviewed and discussed these data in November 2022. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 196 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 Compensation Recoupment Policies 
 Compensation Recoupment Policy 
 A portion of our executive officers compensation is subject to forfeiture or repayment upon the occurrence of specified events. We provide a summary of these repayment provisions, also known as clawback provisions, in the table below. The full text of the company s repayment provisions is provided in Exhibit 10.1 to this report. 
 Forfeiture Event 
 Compensation Subject to Forfeiture/Repayment Materially Inaccurate Information 
 The executive officer has been granted deferred salary or incentive payments based on materially inaccurate financial statements or any other materially inaccurate performance metric criteria. 
 Amounts of deferred salary and incentive payments granted in excess of the amounts the Board of Directors determines would likely have been granted using accurate metrics. 
 Termination for Cause 
 The executive officer s employment is terminated for cause. For a description of what constitutes termination for cause, see Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control Potential Payments to Named Executives. All deferred salary and incentive payments that have not yet become payable. 
 Subsequent Determination of Cause 
 The Board of Directors later determines (within a specified period of time) that the executive officer could have been terminated for cause and that the officer s actions materially harmed the business or reputation of the company. Deferred salary and incentive payments to the extent the Board of Directors deems appropriate. 
 Willful Misconduct 
 The executive officer s employment: 
 is terminated for cause (or the Board of Directors later determines that cause for termination existed within a specified period of time) due to willful misconduct in connection with the performance of their duties for the company; and 
 the Board of Directors determines this has materially harmed the business or reputation of the company. 
 All deferred salary and incentive payments that have not yet become payable, and, to the extent the Board of Directors deems appropriate, deferred salary and annual incentives or long-term awards paid in the two-year period prior to the officer s employment termination date. 
 
 In addition, under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, certain of the incentive-based compensation for individuals serving as our chief executive officer or chief financial officer, including compensation received for prior years, could become subject to reimbursement. 
 Clawback Provision under Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement 
 In addition to the compensation recoupment policy described above, the current named executives (other than Ms. Almodovar, as described below) are subject to a compensation clawback provision the company implemented in 2021 pursuant to a Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement (the Agreement and related Covered Employee External Employment Activities Standard (the Standard ). All specified covered employees, including the current named executives, are required to enter into the Agreement and are subject to the Standard. Covered employees obligations under the Agreement include, among other things, compliance with the Standard. The Agreement provides that, unless otherwise required by law, covered employees at-risk compensation is subject to reduction, forfeiture, recoupment, and repayment for violations of the Standard. Covered employees are required to sign a statement acknowledging their at-risk compensation is subject to these requirements. 
 The Standard defines the following as restricted activity: directly or indirectly seeking, negotiating, creating, developing or accepting employment or other commercial and business opportunities in which the covered employee has a personal interest outside of Fannie Mae with firms that have, or seek to have, a business relationship with Fannie Mae either during, or within the six-month period following, the covered employee s employment at Fannie Mae. To address the risks associated with a covered employee engaging in restricted activities, the Standard requires covered employees to: 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 197 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

 disclose timely prospective employment discussions in alignment with applicable Fannie Mae policies; 
 abide by specified mitigation activities to address the conflicts of interest posed by such disclosures; 
 for a six-month period after the termination of their Fannie Mae employment, refrain from representing any person (including themselves) or any commercial entity to Fannie Mae or its employees in any way with respect to any matter on which the covered employee had direct and substantial involvement or participation while employed by Fannie Mae; 
 maintain the confidentiality of Fannie Mae confidential information to which they had access in connection with their Fannie Mae employment after termination of their Fannie Mae employment; 
 inform Fannie Mae at the time of their departure whether they have accepted an offer of employment and/or taken steps to form a new business and provide the name of the subsequent employer/company; 
 abide by the one year non-solicitation/non-inducement of key employees to leave provisions of the Agreement; and 
 inform any subsequent employer that engages in business with Fannie Mae of these requirements of the Standard to the extent that they remain applicable. 
 A covered employee s failure to comply with the above-listed requirements of the Standard would be a violation of the Standard. 
 At-risk compensation for the named executives consists of the at-risk portion of deferred salary and excludes base salary and the fixed portion of deferred salary. The current named executives may be subject to: 
 forfeiture of up to 100 of at-risk deferred salary that has not yet been paid; and 
 recoupment of up to 100 of at-risk deferred salary that was paid during the period one year before or ending one year after the violation. 
 In determining whether to take these actions, the decisionmaker may consider the seriousness of the violation, the level and responsibilities of the covered employee, the intentional nature of the conduct of the covered employee, whether the covered employee was unjustly enriched, whether seeking the recovery would prejudice the company s interests in any way, including in a proceeding or investigation, and any other factors they deem relevant to the determination. 
 Because Mr. Frater and Ms. Almodovar received only base salary in 2022, this clawback provision does not apply to their compensation. The full text of the company s Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement is provided in Exhibit 10.20 to this report and forms of the statement covered employees are required to sign are provided in Exhibit 10.21 and Exhibit 10.22 to this report. 
 Stock Ownership Policy 
 We ceased paying new stock-based compensation to our executives after entering into conservatorship in September 2008. In 2009, our Board of Directors eliminated our stock ownership requirements. 
 Hedging Policy 
 All Fannie Mae employees, officers and directors are prohibited from transacting in options, puts, calls or other derivative securities relating to Fannie Mae s securities, on an exchange or in any other organized market. All Fannie Mae employees, officers and directors are also prohibited from engaging in hedging transactions relating to Fannie Mae s securities, such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds, and other derivatives. 
 
 Compensation Committee Report 
 The Compensation and Human Capital Committee of the Board of Directors of Fannie Mae has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K with management. Based on such review and discussions, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Compensation and Human Capital Committee: Diane C. Nordin, Chair Karin J. Kimbrough, Vice Chair Robert H. Herz Manolo S nchez 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 198 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Risk Assessment 

 Compensation Risk Assessment 
 Our Enterprise Risk Management division conducted a risk assessment of our 2022 employee compensation policies and practices. In conducting this risk assessment, the division reviewed the following, among other things: 
 our performance goals and performance appraisal process; 
 our compensation structure (including incentives and pay mix); 
 our severance arrangements and compensation clawback provisions; 
 the restrictions on compensation applicable during conservatorship, including the limit on annual direct compensation for our Chief Executive Officer; and 
 the oversight of aspects of our compensation by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, the Board of Directors and FHFA. 
 The division also assessed whether mitigating factors existed that would reduce the opportunity for inappropriate risk-taking driven by our compensation policies and practices. The risk assessment of the company s 2022 compensation policies and practices was shared with the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. 
 Based on the risk assessment, management concluded that our 2022 employee compensation policies and practices do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the company. A number of factors contributed to this conclusion, including: 
 the overall design of our compensation structure does not incentivize material risk taking; 
 deferred salary for our executive officers is subject to clawback provisions; 
 our control environment for compensation includes: a defined and consistently applied annual performance appraisal process; compensation adjustment guidelines and criteria; succession planning; and retention planning and monitoring; 
 our performance goals (including the FHFA 2022 scorecard objectives and the 2022 Board of Directors goals) are neither designed nor intended to incentivize employees to engage in activities contrary to our Employee Code of Conduct, risk appetite or any other activity that would involve taking inappropriate risks or result in a material adverse effect on the company; and 
 our Board risk limits inhibit excessive risk taking, while allowing transparency and action when the limits are exceeded; the Board limits define the maximum amount of risk the company is willing to take in pursuit of its objectives, and the company regularly monitors, reports and escalates limit levels and the actions taken to manage them. 
 Management stated in its risk assessment that the cap on our Chief Executive Officer s compensation under the Equity in Government Compensation Act of 2015 continues to be a risk factor for the company. As discussed in Risk Factors, the cap on our Chief Executive Officer compensation continues to make retention and succession planning for this position difficult, and it may make it difficult to attract qualified candidates for this critical role in the future. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 199 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Tables and Other Information 

 Compensation Tables and Other Information 

Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table shows summary compensation information for the named executives. 
 Summary Compensation Table for 2022, 2021 and 2020 Salary Name and Principal Position (1) 
 Year 
 Base 
 Salary (2) 
 Fixed Deferred 
 Salary 
 (Service-Based) (3) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation (4) 
 All Other 
 Compensation (5) 
 Total Priscilla Almodovar 2022 46,154 46,154 Chief Executive Officer David Benson 2022 600,000 2,200,000 1,185,457 76,590 4,062,047 President; Former Interim 2021 600,000 1,920,000 1,010,305 87,406 3,617,711 Chief Executive Officer 2020 623,077 1,920,000 979,727 113,710 3,636,514 Hugh Frater 2022 212,129 11,769 223,898 Former Chief Executive 2021 600,000 36,000 636,000 Officer 2020 600,000 48,000 648,000 Chryssa Halley 2022 500,000 1,018,462 642,882 58,386 2,219,730 Executive Vice President 2021 440,000 335,385 310,863 62,707 1,148,955 and Chief Financial Officer H. Malloy Evans 2022 500,000 1,029,231 647,442 64,930 2,241,603 Executive Vice President Single-Family Jeffery Hayward 2022 500,000 1,460,000 829,820 67,847 2,857,667 Executive Vice President 2021 500,000 1,460,000 745,873 72,268 2,778,141 and Chief Administrative 2020 519,231 1,460,000 762,010 93,145 2,834,386 Officer Terry Theologides 2022 500,000 1,223,077 729,513 67,385 2,519,975 Executive Vice President, 2021 500,000 1,180,000 673,537 77,128 2,430,665 General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary 
 (1) Ms. Almodovar joined Fannie Mae as Chief Executive Officer in December 2022. Mr. Benson has been the company s President since 2018 and also served as the company s Interim Chief Executive Officer from May to December 2022. Mr. Frater was the company s Chief Executive Officer until he left the company in May 2022. 
 (2) Amounts shown in this sub-column consist of base salary paid during the year on a biweekly basis. 
 (3) Amounts shown in this sub-column consist of the fixed, service-based portion of deferred salary. Unlike at-risk deferred salary, which is shown in the following column, the fixed deferred salary shown in this column for 2022 generally will be paid in installments in March, June, September and December of 2023. Deferred salary accrues interest at one-half of the one-year Treasury Bill rate in effect on the last business day preceding the year in which the deferred salary is earned. For deferred salary earned in 2022, this rate is 0.195 per year. For deferred salary earned in 2021 and 2020, this rate was 0.050 and 0.795 per year, respectively. Interest payable on the named executives fixed deferred salary earned in a given year is shown in the All Other Compensation column for that 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 200 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Tables and Other Information 

 year. Deferred salary shown for 2021 was paid to our named executives during 2022, and deferred salary shown for 2020 was paid to our named executives during 2021. 
 (4) Amounts shown in this column consist of the performance-based at-risk portion of deferred salary earned during the year and interest payable on that deferred salary. At-risk deferred salary shown for 2022 generally will be paid in installments in March, June, September and December of 2023 and 2024. The table below provides more detail on the 2022 at-risk deferred salary awarded to our named executives. Performance-Based At-Risk Deferred Salary Name 2022 Corporate Performance-Based At-Risk Deferred Salary 2022 Individual Performance-Based At-Risk Deferred Salary Interest Payable on 2022 At-Risk Deferred Salary Total Priscilla Almodovar David Benson 582,000 600,000 3,457 1,185,457 Hugh Frater Chryssa Halley 315,622 325,385 1,875 642,882 H. Malloy Evans 317,861 327,693 1,888 647,442 Jeffery Hayward 407,400 420,000 2,420 829,820 Terry Theologides 358,154 369,231 2,128 729,513 
 (5) The table below provides more detail on the amounts reported for 2022 in the All Other Compensation column. All Other Compensation Name Company Contributions to Retirement Savings (401(k)) Plan Company Credits to Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan Matching Charitable Award Program Interest Payable on 2022 Fixed Deferred Salary Total Priscilla Almodovar David Benson 18,300 53,700 300 4,290 76,590 Hugh Frater 11,769 11,769 Chryssa Halley 18,300 38,100 1,986 58,386 H. Malloy Evans 18,300 39,623 5,000 2,007 64,930 Jeffery Hayward 18,300 41,700 5,000 2,847 67,847 Terry Theologides 18,300 41,700 5,000 2,385 67,385 
 All 2022 company contributions to the Retirement Savings Plan and Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan are fully vested. 
 Amounts shown in the Matching Charitable Award Program column consist of gifts we made on behalf of our named executives under our matching charitable gifts program, under which gifts made by our employees and directors to Internal Revenue Code Section 501(c)(3) charities were matched, up to an aggregate total of 5,000 for the 2022 calendar year. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 201 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Tables and Other Information 

 Plan-Based Awards 
 The following table shows the annual at-risk deferred salary targets for each of the named executives for 2022. The terms of 2022 at-risk deferred salary are described in Compensation Discussion and Analysis 2022 Executive Compensation Program; Chief Executive Officer Compensation Elements of 2022 Executive Compensation Program Direct Compensation. Deferred salary amounts shown represent only the target performance-based at-risk portion of the named executives 2022 deferred salary. Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2022 Estimated Future Payouts Under 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) 
 Name Award Type Threshold Target Maximum Priscilla Almodovar At-risk deferred salary Corporate At-risk deferred salary Individual Total at-risk deferred salary David Benson At-risk deferred salary Corporate 600,000 600,000 At-risk deferred salary Individual 600,000 600,000 Total at-risk deferred salary 1,200,000 1,200,000 Hugh Frater At-risk deferred salary Corporate At-risk deferred salary Individual Total at-risk deferred salary Chryssa Halley At-risk deferred salary Corporate 325,384 325,384 At-risk deferred salary Individual 325,385 325,385 Total at-risk deferred salary 650,769 650,769 H. Malloy Evans At-risk deferred salary Corporate 327,692 327,692 At-risk deferred salary Individual 327,693 327,693 Total at-risk deferred salary 655,385 655,385 Jeffery Hayward 
 At-risk deferred salary Corporate 420,000 420,000 At-risk deferred salary Individual 420,000 420,000 Total at-risk deferred salary 840,000 840,000 Terry Theologides At-risk deferred salary Corporate 369,231 369,231 At-risk deferred salary Individual 369,231 369,231 Total at-risk deferred salary 738,462 738,462 
 (1) Amounts shown are the target amounts of the performance-based at-risk portion of the named executives 2022 deferred salary. Half of 2022 at-risk deferred salary was subject to reduction based on corporate performance against the 2022 scorecard, as determined by FHFA, and half was subject to reduction based on individual performance in 2022, taking into account corporate performance against the 2022 Board of Directors goals, as determined by the Board of Directors with FHFA s review. No amounts are shown in the Threshold column because deferred salary does not specify a minimum amount payable. The amounts shown in the Maximum column are the same as the amounts shown in the Target column because 2022 at-risk deferred salary was only subject to reduction; amounts higher than the target amount could not be awarded. The actual amounts of the at-risk portion of 2022 deferred salary that will be paid to the named executives for 2022 performance are included in the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Pension Benefits 
 Retirement Savings Plan 
 The Retirement Savings Plan is a tax-qualified defined contribution plan for which all of our employees are generally eligible that includes a 401(k) before-tax feature, a regular after-tax feature and a Roth after-tax feature. Under the plan, 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 202 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Tables and Other Information 

 eligible employees may allocate investment balances to a variety of investment options. We match in cash employee contributions up to 6 of base salary and eligible incentive compensation. Employees are 100 vested in our matching contributions. Prior to 2021, in addition to this 6 credit, the Retirement Savings Plan provided for an additional 2 credit of eligible compensation. In November 2020, we amended the Retirement Savings Plan to eliminate this additional 2 credit, beginning with compensation earned for the 2021 plan year. In December 2022, we amended the plan again to reinstitute this additional 2 credit, beginning with compensation earned for the 2023 plan year. 
 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
 We provide nonqualified deferred compensation to the named executives pursuant to our Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan. Our Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan is an unfunded, non-tax-qualified defined contribution plan. The Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan is intended to supplement our Retirement Savings Plan, or 401(k) plan, by providing benefits to participants whose eligible earnings exceed the IRS annual limit on eligible compensation for 401(k) plans (for 2022, the annual limit was 305,000). 
 For 2022, we credited 6 of the eligible compensation for our named executives that exceeded the applicable IRS annual limit, which was immediately vested. Eligible compensation in any year consists of base salary plus any eligible incentive compensation (which includes deferred salary) earned for that year, up to a combined maximum of two times base salary. Prior to 2021, in addition to this 6 credit, the Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan provided for an additional 2 credit of eligible compensation. In November 2020, we amended the Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan to eliminate this additional 2 credit, beginning with compensation earned for the 2021 plan year. In December 2022, we amended the plan again to reinstitute this additional 2 credit, beginning with compensation earned for the 2023 plan year. 
 While the Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan is not funded, amounts credited on behalf of a participant under the Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan are deemed to be invested in mutual fund investments selected by the participant that are similar to the investments offered under our Retirement Savings Plan. 
 Amounts deferred under the Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan are payable to participants in the January or July following separation from service with us, subject to a six-month delay in payment for our 50 most highly compensated officers. Participants generally may not withdraw amounts from the Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan while they are employees. 
 The table below provides information on the nonqualified deferred compensation of the named executives in 2022, all of which was provided pursuant to our Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation for 2022 Name Company 
 Contributions in 2022 (1) 
 Aggregate 
 Earnings in 
 2022 (2) 
 Aggregate 
 Balance at 
 December 31, 2022 (3) 
 Priscilla Almodovar David Benson 53,700 (124,757) 858,722 Hugh Frater (10,735) Chryssa Halley 38,100 (114,339) 632,885 H. Malloy Evans 39,623 (125,376) 552,165 Jeffery Hayward 41,700 (115,924) 726,036 Terry Theologides 41,700 (23,550) 146,025 
 (1) All amounts reported in this column are also reported as 2022 compensation in the All Other Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 (2) None of the earnings reported in this column are reported as 2022 compensation in the Summary Compensation Table for 2022, 2021 and 2020 because the earnings are neither above-market nor preferential. 
 (3) Amounts reported in this column reflect company contributions to the Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan that are also reported in the All Other Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table for 2022, 2021 and 2020 as follows: 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 203 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Tables and Other Information 

 Balance Amounts Reported in All Other Compensation in the Summary Compensation Table Name Amounts in Aggregate Balance Column that Represent Company Contributions Reported as Compensation for 2021 in the Summary Compensation Table Amounts in Aggregate Balance Column that Represent Company Contributions Reported as Compensation for 2020 in the Summary Compensation Table Priscilla Almodovar David Benson 68,446 75,046 Hugh Frater 18,600 25,200 Chryssa Halley 45,139 H. Malloy Evans Jeffery Hayward 54,138 58,738 Terry Theologides 54,138 
 
 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control 
 The information below describes and quantifies certain compensation and benefits that would have become payable to each of our current named executives under our existing plans and arrangements if the named executive s employment had terminated on December 31, 2022 under each of the circumstances described below, taking into account the named executive s compensation and service levels as of that date. The discussion below does not reflect retirement or deferred compensation plan benefits to which our named executives may be entitled, as these benefits are described above under Pension Benefits and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation. The information below also does not generally reflect compensation and benefits available to all salaried employees upon termination of employment with us under similar circumstances. We are not obligated to provide any additional compensation to our named executives in connection with a change-in-control. 
 Potential Payments to Named Executives 
 We have not entered into agreements with any of our named executives that would entitle the executive to severance benefits. Under the 2022 executive compensation program, a named executive would be entitled to receive a specified portion of their earned but unpaid 2022 deferred salary if their employment was terminated for any reason, other than for cause. 
 Below we discuss various elements of the current named executives compensation that would become payable in the event a named executive dies, resigns, retires, terminates employment due to long-term disability, or the company terminates their employment. We then quantify the amounts that would be paid to our current named executives in these circumstances, in each case assuming the triggering event occurred on December 31, 2022. 
 Deferred salary. If a named executive is separated from employment with the company for any reason other than termination for cause, they would receive the following: 
 Fixed deferred salary. The earned but unpaid portion of their fixed deferred salary, reduced by 2 for each full or partial month by which the named executive s termination precedes January 31 of the second year following the performance year (or, if later, the end of the twenty-fourth month following the month in which the named executive first earned deferred salary), except that the reduction will not apply if: (1) at the time of separation the named executive has reached age 62, or age 55 with 10 years of service with Fannie Mae, or (2) the named executive s employment terminates as a result of death or long-term disability. 
 At-risk deferred salary. The earned but unpaid portion of their at-risk deferred salary, subject to reduction from the target level for corporate and individual performance for the applicable performance year, except that the reduction will not apply if an officer s employment terminates as a result of death or long-term disability prior to the Board of Directors and FHFA s determinations of performance for at-risk deferred salary. 
 Interest on deferred salary. Interest on deferred salary payments. Deferred salary accrues interest at one-half of the one-year Treasury Bill rate in effect on the last business day preceding the year in which the deferred salary is earned. 
 Payment dates. Installment payments of deferred salary and related interest would be made on the original payment schedule, except that payments will be made within 90 days in case of the named executive s death. 
 Termination for cause. If a named executive s employment is terminated by the company for cause, they would not receive any of the earned but unpaid portion of their deferred salary. The company may terminate an executive for 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 204 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Tables and Other Information 

 cause if it determines that the executive has: (a) materially harmed the company by, in connection with the performance of their duties for the company, engaging in gross misconduct or performing their duties in a grossly negligent manner; or (b) been convicted of, or pleaded nolo contendere with respect to, a felony. 
 Retiree medical benefits. We currently make certain retiree medical benefits available to our full-time employees who meet certain age and service requirements at the time of retirement. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 205 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Tables and Other Information 

 The table below shows the amounts that would have become payable to each of our current named executives if their employment had terminated on December 31, 2022 for the reasons specified. No amounts are shown for Ms. Almodovar or Mr. Frater, as they did not receive deferred salary. 
 Potential Payments Upon Termination as of December 31, 2022 Name 2022 Fixed 
 Deferred Salary (1) 
 2022 At-Risk 
 Deferred Salary (2) 
 Interest on 2022 Deferred Salary (3) 
 Total Priscilla Almodovar Resignation, retirement, or termination without cause Long-term disability Death Termination for cause David Benson Resignation, retirement, or termination without cause 2,200,000 1,182,000 6,595 3,388,595 Long-term disability 2,200,000 1,200,000 6,630 3,406,630 Death 2,200,000 1,200,000 3,829 3,403,829 Termination for cause Hugh Frater Resignation, retirement, or termination without cause Long-term disability Death Termination for cause Chryssa Halley Resignation, retirement, or termination without cause 1,018,462 641,007 3,236 1,662,705 Long-term disability 1,018,462 650,769 3,255 1,672,486 Death 1,018,462 650,769 1,791 1,671,022 Termination for cause H. Malloy Evans Resignation, retirement, or termination without cause 761,631 645,554 2,744 1,409,929 Long-term disability 1,029,231 655,385 3,285 1,687,901 Death 1,029,231 655,385 1,806 1,686,422 Termination for cause Jeffery Hayward Resignation, retirement, or termination without cause 1,460,000 827,400 4,460 2,291,860 Long-term disability 1,460,000 840,000 4,485 2,304,485 Death 1,460,000 840,000 2,717 2,302,717 Termination for cause Terry Theologides Resignation, retirement, or termination without cause 905,077 727,385 3,183 1,635,645 Long-term disability 1,223,077 738,462 3,825 1,965,364 Death 1,223,077 738,462 2,278 1,963,817 Termination for cause 
 (1) In the case of resignation, retirement or termination without cause, Mr. Evans and Mr. Theologides each would have received 74 of their 2022 fixed deferred salary, which is the earned but unpaid portion of their 2022 fixed deferred 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 206 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Tables and Other Information 

 salary as of December 31, 2022, reduced by 2 for each full or partial month by which their separation from employment preceded January 31, 2024. Ms. Halley, Mr. Benson and Mr. Hayward each would have received 100 of their 2022 fixed deferred salary, with no reduction, because Ms. Halley had reached age 55 with 10 years of service with Fannie Mae and Mr. Benson and Mr. Hayward had reached age 62. 
 (2) The amounts in this column in the event of resignation, retirement, or termination without cause reflect FHFA s and the Board s determinations of 2022 corporate performance-based at-risk deferred salary and 2022 individual performance-based at-risk deferred salary, as described in Compensation Discussion and Analysis Determination of 2022 Compensation. The amounts in this column for current named executives in the event of a termination due to death or long-term disability do not reflect any performance-based reduction, because the hypothetical December 31, 2022 termination date occurred prior to FHFA s and the Board s performance determinations for at-risk deferred salary in early 2023. 
 (3) Interest payable on the deferred salary payments, which reflects that: (a) in the event of resignation, retirement, termination without cause, or long-term disability, installment payments of deferred salary would be paid on the original payment schedule; and (b) in the event of death, payments of deferred salary would be made within 90 days of the executive s death. Interest on 2022 deferred salary payments accrues at an annual rate of 0.195 . 
 
 Chief Executive Officer to Median Employee Pay Ratio 
 The following table shows the compensation paid to our Chief Executive Officer for 2022, annualized, the total 2022 compensation of our median employee (which was calculated based on the methodology described below the table), and the estimated ratio of the Chief Executive Officer s pay to the median employee s pay for 2022. 
 The total compensation for our Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Almodovar, was 46,154, consisting solely of base salary, as reported for 2022 in the Total column of the Summary Compensation Table for 2022, 2021 and 2020. Based on her joining Fannie Mae on December 5, 2022, we annualized Ms. Almodovar s base salary to 600,000, which we used to estimate the ratio shown below. 2022 Chief Executive Officer to Median Employee Pay Ratio Individual Compensation Ratio Chief Executive Officer 600,000 3.8 to 1 
 Median Employee 156,405 
 We took the following steps to identify our median employee and determine this employee s compensation: 
 We identified our employee population as of December 31, 2022, which consisted of approximately 8,000 full-time and part-time employees. We did not include independent contractors in this population. 
 For each employee (other than our Chief Executive Officer and our former Interim Chief Executive Officer), we determined the sum of their base salary for 2022, performance awards paid in 2022 and the value of company contributions made in 2022 on their behalf to retirement plans. We did not annualize the compensation of employees who were employed for less than the full year, nor did we make any full-time equivalent adjustments to part-time employees. 
 Comparing the sums, we identified an employee whose compensation best reflected Fannie Mae employees median 2022 compensation (that is, the midpoint of employees ranked in order of compensation amount). 
 We then determined that median employee s total 2022 compensation using the approach required by the SEC when calculating our named executives compensation, as reported in the Summary Compensation Table. 
 In general, we offer employees base salary, the opportunity to receive awards for performance, company retirement plan contributions and other benefits. In accordance with SEC rules, the median employee compensation amount for 2022 provided in the table above consists of base salary, an award for 2022 performance and company retirement plan contributions, but does not reflect benefits relating to group life or health plans generally available to all salaried employees, parking or transit benefits that are generally available to all salaried employees, or personal benefits with an aggregate value of less than 10,000. 
 Given the different methodologies that companies may use to determine their Chief Executive Officer pay ratios, the estimated ratio we report above may not be comparable to that reported by other companies. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 207 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Tables and Other Information 

 Director Compensation 
 Overview 
 Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that compensation for members of the Board of Directors will be reasonable, appropriate, and commensurate with the duties and responsibilities of their Board service. Our non-management directors receive cash compensation pursuant to a program authorized by FHFA in 2008. The compensation we provide to directors has not increased since this program was implemented in 2008. 
 Three of our named executives Ms. Almodovar, Mr. Benson and Mr. Frater served on our Board of Directors in 2022 in connection with their service as Chief Executive Officer or Interim Chief Executive Officer. We did not provide them any additional compensation for their service on the Board of Directors in 2022. 
 Board Compensation Levels 
 Board compensation levels under the program authorized by FHFA are shown in the table below. Our directors receive no equity compensation and no meeting fees. Board Compensation Levels Board Service Cash Compensation Annual retainer for non-executive Chair 290,000 Annual retainer for non-management directors (other than the non-executive Chair) 160,000 Committee Service Cash Compensation Annual retainer for Audit Committee Chair 25,000 Annual retainer for Risk Policy and Capital Committee Chair 15,000 Annual retainer for all other Committee Chairs 10,000 Annual retainer for Audit Committee members (other than the Audit Committee Chair) 10,000 
 Additional Arrangements with our Non-Management Directors 
 Expenses. We pay for or reimburse directors for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their service on the Board of Directors, including travel to and from our meetings, accommodations, meals and education. 
 Matching Charitable Gifts Program. To further our support for charitable giving, non-employee directors are able to participate in our corporate matching gifts program on the same terms as our employees. 
 Stock Ownership Guidelines for Directors. In 2009, our Board of Directors eliminated our stock ownership requirements for directors. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 208 

Executive Compensation | Compensation Tables and Other Information 

 2022 Non-Management Director Compensation 
 The total 2022 compensation for our non-management directors is shown in the table below. 2022 Non-Management Director Compensation Table Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash All Other Compensation (1) 
 Total Amy Alving 172,083 172,083 Christopher Brummer 160,000 160,000 Ren e Glover 174,167 174,167 Michael Heid 258,333 258,333 Robert Herz 185,000 1,000 186,000 Simon Johnson 170,000 5,000 175,000 Karin Kimbrough 164,167 164,167 Diane Nordin 180,000 5,000 185,000 Manolo S nchez 168,750 5,000 173,750 Directors who resigned from the Board during 2022 Sheila Bair (2) 
 96,667 96,667 Antony Jenkins (2) 
 53,333 53,333 
 (1) Amounts shown in the All Other Compensation column consist of gifts we made on behalf of the directors under our matching charitable gifts program, under which gifts made by our employees and directors to Internal Revenue Code Section 501(c)(3) charities were matched, up to an aggregate total of 5,000 for the 2022 calendar year. 
 (2) Ms. Bair and Mr. Jenkins resigned from Fannie Mae s Board of Directors effective May 2022. 
 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 209 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters | 
 Beneficial Ownership 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Stock Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers 
 The following table shows the beneficial ownership of our stock by each of our directors, each of our named executives, and all directors and executive officers as a group, as of February 1, 2023. As of that date, no director or named executive, nor all directors and executive officers as a group, owned as much as 1 of our outstanding common stock or owned any series of our preferred stock. Beneficial Ownership of Stock by Directors and Executive Officers 
 Directors and Named Executives Position Number of Shares of Common Stock 
 Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Priscilla Almodovar Chief Executive Officer and Director 0 Amy Alving Director 0 Christopher Brummer Director 0 Ren e Glover Director 0 Michael Heid Director (Board Chair) 0 Robert Herz Director 0 Simon Johnson Director 0 Karin Kimbrough Director 0 Diane Nordin Director 0 Manolo S nchez Director 0 David Benson President 0 Hugh Frater Former Chief Executive Officer 0 Malloy Evans EVP Single-Family 0 Chryssa Halley EVP and Chief Financial Officer 0 Jeffery Hayward EVP and Chief Administrative Officer 14,868 Terry Theologides EVP, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary 0 All directors and executive officers as a group (17 persons) (2) 
 44,014 
 (1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC for computing the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each person and the percentage owned. Each holder has sole investment and voting power over the shares referenced in this table, except for 9,146 shares for which one executive officer shares investment and voting power with their spouse. None of our directors, named executives or other executive officers held any series of our preferred stock as of the date of this table. 
 (2) Group includes directors and current executive officers. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 210 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters | 
 Beneficial Ownership 

Stock Ownership of Greater-Than 5 Holders 
 The following table shows the beneficial ownership of our common stock by the only persons or entities we know of that hold more than 5 of our common stock as of February 1, 2023. Beneficial Ownership of Stock by 5 + Holders 
 5 + Holders Common Stock Beneficially Owned Percent of Class U.S. Department of the Treasury Variable (1) 
 79.9 1500 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20220 Pershing Square Capital Management, L.P. PS Management GP, LLC William A. Ackman 115,569,796 (2) 
 9.98 787 Eleventh Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, New York 10019 
 (1) In September 2008, we issued to Treasury a warrant to purchase, for one one-thousandth of a cent 0.00001) per share, shares of our common stock equal to 79.9 of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis at the time the warrant is exercised. The warrant may be exercised in whole or in part at any time until September 7, 2028. As of February 14, 2023, Treasury has not exercised the warrant. The information above assumes Treasury beneficially owns no other shares of our common stock. 
 (2) Information regarding these shares and their holders is based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on November 15, 2013, as amended by an amendment to the Schedule 13D filed on March 31, 2014. The Schedule 13D and its amendment were filed by these holders as well as by Pershing Square GP, LLC. According to the original Schedule 13D, Pershing Square Capital Management, L.P., as investment adviser for a number of funds for which it purchased the shares reported in the table above, and PS Management GP, LLC, its general partner, may be deemed to share voting and dispositive power for the shares. Pershing Square GP, LLC, as general partner of two of the funds, may be deemed to share voting and dispositive power for 40,114,044 of the shares reported in the table above, which are held by the two funds. As the Chief Executive Officer of Pershing Square Capital Management, L.P. and managing member of each of PS Management GP, LLC and Pershing Square GP, LLC, William A. Ackman may be deemed to share voting and dispositive power for all of the shares reported in the table above. In the amendment, the parties further reported that certain of them had entered into swap transactions resulting in their having additional economic exposure to approximately 15,434,715 notional shares of common stock under certain cash-settled total return swaps, bringing their total aggregate economic exposure to 131,004,511 shares of common stock (approximately 11.31 of the outstanding common stock). In the amendment to the Schedule 13D, these parties indicated that they would forgo future reporting on Schedule 13D based on their determination that shares of the common stock are not voting securities as such term is used in Rule 13d-1(i) under the Securities Exchange Act. As a result, the information in the table above does not reflect any acquisitions or dispositions by these holders of Fannie Mae common stock that occurred after March 31, 2014. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Policies and Procedures Relating to Transactions with Related Persons 
 Overview. We review transactions in which Fannie Mae is a participant and in which any of our directors or executive officers or their immediate family members may have a material interest to determine whether any of those persons has a material interest in the transaction. Our current written policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification of transactions with related persons that are required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K are set forth in our: 
 Director Code of Conduct; 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines; 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter; 
 Board of Directors delegation of authorities and reservation of powers; 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 211 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence | Policies and Procedures Relating to Transactions with Related Persons 

 Employee Code of Conduct; and 
 Oversight of Designated Executive Officers Conflicts of Interest and Business Courtesies Matters Policy. 
 In addition, depending on the circumstances, relationships and transactions with related persons may require conservator decision pursuant to the instructions issued to the Board of Directors by the conservator or may require the consent of Treasury pursuant to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. 
 Director Code of Conduct. Our Director Code of Conduct prohibits our directors from engaging in any conduct or activity that is inconsistent with our best interests, as defined by the conservator s express directions, its policies and applicable law. Our Director Code of Conduct requires our directors to excuse themselves from voting on any issue before the Board that could result in a conflict, self-dealing or other circumstance where their position as directors would be detrimental to us or result in a noncompetitive, favored or unfair advantage to either themselves or their associates. In addition, our directors must disclose to the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, or another member of the Committee, any situation that involves or appears to involve a conflict of interest. This includes, for example, a financial interest of a director, an immediate family member of a director or a business associate of a director in any transaction being considered by the Board, as well as a financial interest a director has in an organization doing business with us. Our directors also are required to comply with the company s procedures for the review, approval, or ratification of related person transactions. Each of our directors also must annually certify compliance with our Director Code of Conduct. 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines; Board Delegation of Authorities and Reservation of Powers. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that our Board of Directors, directly or through its committees, reviews and approves any action that in the reasonable business judgment of management at the time the action is taken is likely to cause significant reputational risk to Fannie Mae or result in substantial negative publicity. Our Board s delegation of authorities and reservation of powers similarly requires Board or Board committee approval for these actions. Depending on management s business judgment, this requirement might include a related party transaction. 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter; Board Delegation of Authorities and Reservation of Powers. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter and our Board s delegation of authorities and reservation of powers require the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to approve transactions with any director, nominee for director or executive officer, or any immediate family member of a director, nominee for director or executive officer that are required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K. 
 Employee Code of Conduct. Our Employee Code of Conduct requires that our employees seek to avoid any actual or apparent conflicts between our business interests and the personal interests, activities and relationships of our employees, or that could expose the company to reputational risk. Our Employee Code of Conduct requires our employees to raise compliance or ethics concerns, including concerns relating to suspected or known violations of our Employee Code of Conduct, with the employee s manager, another appropriate member of management, a member of our Human Resources division or our Compliance and Ethics division. 
 Designated Executive Officer Conflicts Policy. Our Oversight of Designated Executive Officers Conflicts of Interest and Business Courtesies Matters Policy Designated Executive Officer Conflicts Policy requires that our executive officers report to the Compliance and Ethics division any transaction with us in which the executive officer or any immediate family member of the executive officer has a direct or indirect interest, including any transaction that is required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. The Designated Executive Officer Conflicts Policy provides that the Compliance and Ethics division will notify Legal department personnel with responsibility for the company s periodic SEC filings as soon as possible of any such disclosure by an executive officer and work with Legal department personnel to ensure reporting of such transaction occurs if determined necessary or appropriate. The Designated Executive Officer Conflicts Policy also provides that, if the Compliance and Ethics division has determined the reported transaction poses a conflict or if the reported transaction involves the CEO, the division will submit its initial determination and any recommended mitigation activities regarding such transaction to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to approve, deny or further condition. 
 Conservator Instructions. We are required by the conservator to obtain its decision for various matters, some of which may involve relationships or transactions with related persons. These matters include: actions requiring the consent of or consultation with Treasury under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement; the creation of any subsidiary or affiliate, or entering into a substantial transaction with a subsidiary or affiliate, except for routine ongoing transactions with CSS or the creation of, or a transaction with, a subsidiary or affiliate undertaken in the ordinary course of business; changes in employee compensation that could significantly impact our employees; new compensation arrangements with or increases in compensation or benefits for our executive officers; setting or increasing the compensation or benefits payable to members of the Board; and changes in our business operations, activities, and transactions that in the reasonable business judgment of management are more likely than not to result in a significant increase in credit, market, reputational, operational or other key risks. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 212 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence | Policies and Procedures Relating to Transactions with Related Persons 

 Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement. The senior preferred stock purchase agreement requires us to obtain written Treasury approval of transactions with affiliates unless, among other things, the transaction is upon terms no less favorable to us than would be obtained in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a non-affiliate or the transaction is undertaken in the ordinary course or pursuant to a contractual obligation or customary employment arrangement in existence at the time the senior preferred stock purchase agreement was entered into. 
 Director and Officer Disclosures. We require our directors and executive officers, not less than annually, to describe to us any transaction with us in which a director or executive officer could potentially have an interest that would require disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Transactions with Related Persons 
 Transactions with Treasury 
 Treasury beneficially owns more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock by virtue of the warrant we issued to Treasury on September 7, 2008. The warrant entitles Treasury to purchase shares of our common stock equal to 79.9 of our outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis on the date of exercise, for an exercise price of 0.00001 per share, and is exercisable in whole or in part at any time on or before September 7, 2028. We describe below our current agreements with Treasury, as well as payments we are making to Treasury pursuant to the Temporary Payroll Tax Cut Continuation Act of 2011, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act and the GSE Act. 
 FHFA, as conservator, approved the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, the amendments to the agreement and the letter agreements relating to the agreement and the senior preferred stock. FHFA, as conservator, also approved our role as program administrator for the Home Affordable Modification Program and other initiatives under the Making Home Affordable Program. 
 Treasury Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement and Senior Preferred Stock 
 We issued the warrant to Treasury pursuant to the terms of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement we entered into with Treasury on September 7, 2008. Under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, we also issued to Treasury one million shares of senior preferred stock. We issued the warrant and the senior preferred stock as an initial commitment fee in consideration of Treasury s commitment to provide funds to us under the terms and conditions set forth in the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. The senior preferred stock purchase agreement was subsequently amended on September 26, 2008, May 6, 2009, December 24, 2009 and August 17, 2012. We, through FHFA, in its capacity as conservator, and Treasury entered into letter agreements modifying the terms of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement and the senior preferred stock on December 21, 2017, September 27, 2019 and January 14, 2021. In addition, we, through FHFA, in its capacity as conservator, and Treasury entered into a letter agreement on September 14, 2021 that temporarily suspended some of the provisions added to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement pursuant to the January 14, 2021 letter agreement. See Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Treasury Agreements for a description of the terms, as amended, of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, the senior preferred stock and the warrant. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had received an aggregate of 119.8 billion from Treasury under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, none of which was received in 2022, and the remaining amount of funding available to us under the agreement was 113.9 billion. Through December 31, 2022, we had paid an aggregate of 181.4 billion to Treasury in dividends on the senior preferred stock, none of which was paid in 2022. 
 Treasury Making Home Affordable Program 
 In 2009, Treasury launched the Making Home Affordable Program to help struggling homeowners avoid foreclosure and engaged us as program administrator for loans modified under the Home Affordable Modification Program, or HAMP, and other initiatives under the Making Home Affordable Program. HAMP was aimed at helping borrowers by modifying their mortgage loan to make their payments more affordable. In 2022, our principal activities as program administrator included: 
 supporting servicers and managing the process for servicers to report modification activity and program performance; 
 calculating incentive compensation consistent with program guidelines; 
 acting as record-keeper for executed loan modifications and program administration; and 
 performing other tasks as directed by Treasury from time to time. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 213 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence | Transactions with Related Persons 

Although borrowers could apply for modifications under HAMP only through 2016, our role as program administrator continues in order to administer remaining incentives payable under the program and to continue record-keeping for completed modification activity and performance. 
 Under our arrangement, Treasury has compensated us for a significant portion of the work we have performed in our role as program administrator for HAMP and other initiatives under the Making Home Affordable Program. We expect we will have received an aggregate of approximately 559 million from Treasury for our work as program administrator from 2009 through 2022, as well as an additional amount of approximately 155 million for this period to be passed through to third-party vendors engaged by us for HAMP and other initiatives under the Making Home Affordable Program. We expect to receive reimbursements from Treasury for our work through the completion of our role as program administrator later in 2023. 
 Obligation to Pay TCCA Fees to Treasury 
 In December 2011, Congress enacted the Temporary Payroll Tax Cut Continuation Act of 2011 which, among other provisions, required that we increase our single-family guaranty fees by at least 10 basis points and remit this increase to Treasury. To meet our obligations under the TCCA and at the direction of FHFA, we increased the guaranty fee on all single-family residential mortgages delivered to us by 10 basis points in April 2012. In November 2021, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act was enacted, which extended to October 1, 2032 our obligation under the TCCA to collect 10 basis points in guaranty fees on single-family residential mortgages delivered to us and pay the associated revenue to Treasury. In January 2022, FHFA advised us to continue to pay these TCCA fees to Treasury with respect to all single-family loans acquired by us before October 1, 2032, and to continue to remit these amounts to Treasury on and after October 1, 2032 with respect to loans we acquired before this date until those loans are paid off or otherwise liquidated. In 2022, we recognized 3.4 billion for our obligations to Treasury under the TCCA. 
 Treasury Interest in Affordable Housing Allocations 
 The GSE Act requires us to set aside in each fiscal year an amount equal to 4.2 basis points for each dollar of the unpaid principal balance of our total new business purchases and to pay this amount to specified HUD and Treasury funds. In December 2014, FHFA directed us to set aside amounts for these contributions during each fiscal year, except for any fiscal year for which a draw from Treasury was made under the terms of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, or in which such allocation or transfer would cause such a draw. We paid 598 million to the funds in 2022 based on our new business purchases in 2021. Pursuant to the GSE Act and directions from FHFA, we paid 209 million of this amount to Treasury s Capital Magnet Fund and 389 million of this amount to HUD s Housing Trust Fund. 
 Our new business purchases were 684.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, we recognized an expense of 287 million related to this obligation for the year ended December 31, 2022. Of this amount, 101 million is payable to Treasury s Capital Magnet Fund and 186 million is payable to HUD s Housing Trust Fund. See Business Legislation and Regulation GSE-Focused Matters Affordable Housing Allocations for more information regarding the GSE Act s affordable housing allocation requirements. 
 Transactions with Enterprise Community Partners, Inc. 
 Prior to joining Fannie Mae in December 2022, Priscilla Almodovar, who is our Chief Executive Officer and a director, served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Enterprise Community Partners, Inc. Enterprise ), which invests in communities nationwide to address affordable housing challenges and expand access to investment capital. A portion of Ms. Almodovar s 2022 compensation from Enterprise was based on Enterprise s performance. 
 We have business relationships with Enterprise or entities Enterprise owns or in which Enterprise has an interest. These relationships include the following: 
 LIHTC equity investments. We have made and expect in the future to make equity investments in LIHTC funds for which a subsidiary of Enterprise serves as the LIHTC syndicator and fund manager. In 2022, we entered into LIHTC fund agreements with Enterprise pursuant to which we anticipate investing approximately 200 million, only a portion of which had been funded as of December 31, 2022. Enterprise s subsidiary receives syndication fees from LIHTC funds at the time of the original investment and ongoing asset management fees relating to managing investments of these LIHTC funds. 
 Affordable loan purchases . We purchase loans that support affordable housing through various lenders. In some cases, Enterprise, in its capacity as a LIHTC syndicator and fund manager, has invested in and manages a LIHTC fund that has a limited partnership interest in the underlying borrower for a loan purchased by us. 
 DUS lender relationshi p. Enterprise owns a controlling interest in Bellwether Enterprise Real Estate Capital, LLC, which is the parent company of a Fannie Mae DUS lender Bellwether ). We regularly enter into 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 214 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence | Transactions with Related Persons 

transactions with Bellwether in the ordinary course of this business relationship, including securitizations of multifamily mortgage loans and trades in multifamily Fannie Mae MBS. As a DUS lender, Bellwether receives servicing fees from the borrower in connection with such loans and is obligated to share in the loss of any loan that it delivers to us that subsequently defaults. As of December 31, 2022, we held less than 10 billion in loans acquired from and serviced by Bellwether, measured by unpaid principal balance. 
 Consulting and advisory services; conference sponsorship. Enterprise provides certain consulting and advisory services to us relating to multifamily and affordable housing and also hosts conferences on affordable housing issues. In 2022, we paid Enterprise approximately 250,000 in connection with these services and conference sponsorship. 
 Our relationships with Enterprise and Enterprise-related entities are customary arms -length commercial relationships, comparable to those that we have with other participants in the multifamily mortgage industry. We believe our transactions with Enterprise and its related entities contributed to less than 15 of Enterprise s 2021 revenue. 
 
 Director Independence 
 Independence Requirements 
 Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, in accordance with FHFA corporate governance regulations, require a majority of Fannie Mae s directors to be independent as defined under the rules set forth by the NYSE, as amended from time to time. Where the NYSE rules do not address a particular relationship, the Board, based upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, determines whether a relationship is material, and whether a Board member is independent. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines also provide that an independent board member must be determined to have no material relationship with us, either directly or through an organization that has a material relationship with us. A relationship is material if, in the judgment of the Board, it would interfere with the Board member s independent judgment. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are posted on our website, www.fanniemae.com, under Corporate Governance Guidelines in the About Us Corporate Governance section. 
 In addition, under FHFA corporate governance regulations, Board committees are required to comply with the independence requirements set forth under NYSE rules. The NYSE s listing standards include additional independence criteria for members of the Audit Committee and Compensation and Human Capital Committee. 
 Our Board of Directors 
 Our Board of Directors, with the assistance of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board, has reviewed the independence of all current Board members pursuant to the requirements described in Independence Requirements above. Based on its review, the Board has determined that all of our current directors are independent under these director independence requirements other than Ms. Almodovar (who is our Chief Executive Officer). 
 In determining the independence of our current Board members other than Ms. Almodovar, the Board of Directors considered the following relationships, transactions or arrangements and determined they were not material to the independence of these Board members and would not interfere with the director s independent judgment: 
 Board Memberships with Business Partners. Ms. Alving, Ms. Glover, Mr. Heid, Mr. Herz, Ms. Nordin and Mr. S nchez are or were directors or advisory Board members of companies that engage in business with Fannie Mae or that have an interest in one or more entities that engage in business with Fannie Mae. The Board considered that each of these directors was solely a director or advisory board member of such company, and none of these directors served in a management role or had ownership interests other than as incidental to their board service. The Board also considered other relevant information including, to the extent available, information regarding payments between these companies and Fannie Mae during the past three years. 
 Board Memberships with Companies that Invest in Our Securities. Mr. Herz and Ms. Nordin serve as directors or advisory Board members of companies that invest or may invest in Fannie Mae fixed-income securities. It is generally not possible for Fannie Mae to determine the extent of the holdings of these companies in Fannie Mae fixed-income securities as payments to holders are made through the Federal Reserve, and most of these securities are held in turn by financial intermediaries. We understand that the investments by these companies in Fannie Mae fixed-income securities are entered into at arm s length in the ordinary course of business, upon market terms and conditions, and are not entered into at the direction of, or upon approval by, the director in his or her capacity as a director or advisory Board member of these companies. 
 Board Memberships with Non-Profits to Which We Have Made Payments. Ms. Glover, Mr. Herz and Ms. Nordin serve as Board members of non-profit organizations that have received payments from Fannie Mae. The amount of these payments fell substantially below the NYSE independence standards thresholds of materiality for a 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 215 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence | Director Independence 

director who is a current employee of a company to which Fannie Mae made, or from which Fannie Mae received, payments. 
 Current Employment with Business Partners. Mr. Brummer, Mr. Johnson and Ms. Kimbrough are each employed at entities that engage in business with Fannie Mae. 
 Mr. Brummer is currently a columnist at CQ Roll Call, a provider of congressional news, legislative tracking, and advocacy services. He is also the co-founder of a podcast that is affiliated with CQ Roll Call. Fannie Mae pays subscription fees to CQ Roll Call. The payments made by Fannie Mae to CQ Roll Call during the past three years fall below the NYSE independence standards thresholds of materiality for a director who is a current employee of a company to which Fannie Mae made, or from which Fannie Mae received, payments. 
 Mr. Brummer is a professor at Georgetown University Law Center and founder of the DC Fintech Week conference, which in 2022 was co-hosted by Georgetown University Law Center and Fannie Mae, among others. The payments made by Fannie Mae in co-hosting a portion of the event were not made to Georgetown University Law Center or to Mr. Brummer and, had they been paid to Georgetown Law Center, they would have fallen below the NYSE independence standards thresholds of materiality for a director who is a current employee of a company to which Fannie Mae made, or from which Fannie Mae received, payments. 
 Mr. Johnson is currently a professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management and engages in work for the National Bureau of Economic Research. Fannie Mae engages in business transactions with both of these entities. The payments made by Fannie Mae to these entities during the past three years fall below the NYSE independence standards thresholds of materiality for a director who is a current employee of a company to which Fannie Mae made, or from which Fannie Mae received, payments. 
 Ms. Kimbrough is currently an employee of LinkedIn Corporation, a subsidiary of Microsoft Corporation. Fannie Mae engages in business transactions with LinkedIn and Microsoft. The payments made by Fannie Mae to Microsoft during the past three years fall below the NYSE independence standards thresholds of materiality for a director who is a current employee of a company to which Fannie Mae made, or from which Fannie Mae received, payments. 
 The Board also determined that each member of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee met the NYSE s independence criteria for members of such committees. 
 The Board did not consider the Board s duties to the conservator, together with the federal government s controlling beneficial ownership of Fannie Mae, in determining independence of the Board members. 
 Each of the three persons who served as our Chief Executive Officer or Interim Chief Executive Officer during 2022, Ms. Almodovar, Mr. Benson and Mr. Frater, also served on our Board in connection with such service, and Ms. Almodovar continues to serve on the Board. Ms. Almodovar is not considered an independent director under NYSE independence standards because of her position as Chief Executive Officer. For the same reason, neither Mr. Frater nor Mr. Benson were considered independent directors during 2022. 
 The Board determined that Sheila Bair and Antony Jenkins, who served as members of our Board until May 2022, met our director independence standards when it assessed their independence in February 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors is directly responsible for the appointment, oversight and evaluation of our independent registered public accounting firm, subject to conservator approval of matters relating to retention and termination. Deloitte Touche LLP (Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ID No. was our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended 2022 and 2021. Deloitte Touche LLP has advised the Audit Committee that they are independent accountants with respect to the company, within the meaning of standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and federal securities laws administered by the SEC. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 216 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

 The following table displays the aggregate estimated or actual fees for professional services provided by Deloitte Touche LLP, including audit fees. For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Description of fees: Audit fees 38,932,500 38,100,000 Audit-related fees (1) 
 315,000 315,000 All other fees (2) 
 219,000 587,000 Total fees 39,466,500 39,002,000 
 (1) Consists of fees billed for attest-related services on debt offerings and compliance with the covenants in the senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury. 
 (2) Consists of fees billed for non-audit engagements and trainings. 
 Pre-Approval Policy 
 In accordance with its charter, the Audit Committee must approve, in advance of the service, all audit and permissible non-audit services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm and establish policies and procedures for the engagement of the external auditor to provide audit and permissible non-audit services. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to present reports on the nature of the services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm for the past year and the fees for such services, categorized into audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. The firm may not be retained to perform non-audit services specified in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act. 
 The Audit Committee has delegated to its Chair the authority to pre-approve any additional audit and permissible non-audit services up to 1 million per engagement. The Audit Committee must ratify such pre-approvals at the next scheduled meeting of the Audit Committee. Additionally, any services provided by Deloitte Touche LLP outside of the scope of the integrated audit must be approved by the conservator. 
 In 2022, we paid no fees to the independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the de minimis exception established by the SEC, and all services were pre-approved. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 217 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 Documents filed as part of this report 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 An index to our consolidated financial statements has been filed as part of this report beginning on page F-1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 None. 
 Exhibits 
 The table below lists exhibits that are filed with or incorporated by reference into this report. Item 
 Description 
 3.1 Fannie Mae Charter Act (12 U.S.C. 1716 et seq.) as amended through July 25, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, filed October 31, 2019) 
 3.2 Fannie Mae Bylaws, as amended through January 29, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Fannie Mae s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed February 14, 2019) 
 4.1 Description of Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 4.2 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, Series D (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Fannie Mae s registration statement on Form 10, filed March 31, 2003) 
 4.3 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, Series E (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Fannie Mae s registration statement on Form 10, filed March 31, 2003) 
 4.4 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, Series F (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Fannie Mae s registration statement on Form 10, filed March 31, 2003) 
 4.5 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, Series G (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Fannie Mae s registration statement on Form 10, filed March 31, 2003) 
 4.6 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, Series H (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Fannie Mae s registration statement on Form 10, filed March 31, 2003) 
 4.7 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, Series I (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Fannie Mae s registration statement on Form 10, filed March 31, 2003) 
 4.8 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, Series L (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 8, 2008) 
 4.9 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, Series M (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 8, 2008) 
 4.10 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, Series N (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 8, 2008) 
 4.11 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Non-Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, Series 2004-1 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to Fannie Mae s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, filed February 26, 2010) 
 4.12 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, Series O (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to Fannie Mae s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, filed February 26, 2010) 
 4.13 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, Series P (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to Fannie Mae s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, filed April 2, 2013) 
 4.14 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, Series Q (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to Fannie Mae s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, filed April 2, 2013) 
 4.15 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, Series R (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to Fannie Mae s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, filed April 2, 2013) 
 4.16 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, Series S (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to Fannie Mae s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, filed April 2, 2013) 
 4.17 Certificate of Designation of Terms of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, Series T (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 19, 2008 
 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 218 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

 4.18 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Terms of Variable Liquidation Preference Senior Preferred Stock, Series 2008-2, amended and restated as of September 30, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, filed October 31, 2019) 
 4.19 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Terms of Variable Liquidation Preference Senior Preferred Stock, Series 2008-2, amended and restated as of April 13, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, filed April 30, 2021) 
 4.20 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated September 7, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 11, 2008) 
 4.21 Amended and Restated Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2008, between the United States Department of the Treasury and Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 2, 2008) 
 4.22 Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2009, between the United States Department of the Treasury and Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.21 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009, filed May 8, 2009) 
 4.23 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 24, 2009, between the United States Department of the Treasury and Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 30, 2009) 
 4.24 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2012, between the United States Department of the Treasury and Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 17, 2012) 
 4.25 Letter Agreement between the United States Department of the Treasury and the Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator, dated December 21, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 21, 2017) 
 4.26 Letter Agreement between the United States Department of the Treasury and the Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator, dated September 27, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 1, 2019) 
 4.27 Letter Agreement between the United States Department of the Treasury and the Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator, dated January 14, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 20, 2021) 
 4.28 Letter Agreement between the United States Department of the Treasury and the Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator, dated September 14, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 20, 2021) 
 10.1 Repayment Provisions for SEC Executive Officers, amended and restated as of March 8, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, filed May 9, 2012) 
 10.2 Fannie Mae Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and officers of Fannie Mae (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Fannie Mae s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, filed February 26, 2009.) 
 10.3 Fannie Mae Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and officers of Fannie Mae (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Fannie Mae s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed February 17, 2017 
 10.4 Fannie Mae Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and officers of Fannie Mae (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Fannie Mae s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed February 14, 2019) 
 10.5 Fannie Mae Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan, as amended through April 29, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, filed August 8, 2008) 
 10.6 Amendment to Fannie Mae Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan, effective October 8, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Fannie Mae s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, filed February 26, 2009) 
 10.7 Amendment to Fannie Mae Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan, effective May 14, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010, filed August 5, 2010) 
 10.8 Amendment to Fannie Mae Supplemental Retirement Savings plan for 2012 Executive Compensation Program, adopted May 18, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, filed August 8, 2012) 
 10.9 Amendment to Fannie Mae Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan, effective July 1, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013, filed November 7, 2013) 
 10.10 Amendment to Fannie Mae Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan, effective December 31, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Fannie Mae's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed February 12, 2021) 
 10.11 Amendment to Fannie Mae Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan, effective January 1, 2023 
 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 219 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

 10.12 Amended and Restated Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2008, between the United States Department of the Treasury and Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator (Incorporated by reference Exhibit 4.1 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 2, 2008) 
 10.13 Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2009, between the United States Department of the Treasury and Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.21 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 8, 2009) 
 10.14 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 24, 2009, between the United States Department of the Treasury and Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 30, 2009) 
 10.15 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2012, between the United States Department of the Treasury and Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 17, 2012) 
 10.16 Letter Agreement between the United States Department of the Treasury and the Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator, dated December 21, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 21, 2017) 
 10.17 Letter Agreement between the United States Department of the Treasury and the Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator, dated September 27, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 1, 2019) 
 10.18 Letter Agreement between the United States Department of the Treasury and the Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator, dated January 14, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 20, 2021) 
 10.19 Letter Agreement between the United States Department of the Treasury and the Federal National Mortgage Association, acting through the Federal Housing Finance Agency as its duly appointed conservator, dated September 14, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Fannie Mae s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 20, 2021) 
 10.20 Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, filed August 3, 2021) 
 10.21 Form of Covered Employee Statement Under Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Fannie Mae s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed February 15, 2022) 
 10.22 Form of Covered Employee Statement Under Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement (first used with 2023 executive compensation 
 10.23 Form of Relocation Repayment Agreement for Officers of Fannie Mae (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, filed May 1, 2019) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 99.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Common Securitization Solutions, LLC, dated as of January 21, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Fannie Mae s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 202 2, filed May 3, 2022 
 101. INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 101. SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 101. CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 
 101. DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 
 101. LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label 
 101. PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 __________ 
 This Exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 The financial information contained in these XBRL documents is unaudited. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 220 

Signatures 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Federal National Mortgage Association /s/ Priscilla Almodovar Priscilla Almodovar Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: February 14, 2023 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Priscilla Almodovar and Chryssa C. Halley, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact with power of substitution and resubstitution to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments hereto, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Michael J. Heid Chair of the Board of Directors February 14, 2023 Michael J. Heid /s/ Priscilla Almodovar Chief Executive Officer and Director February 14, 2023 Priscilla Almodovar /s/ Chryssa C. Halley Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 14, 2023 Chryssa C. Halley /s/ James L. Holmberg Senior Vice President and Controller February 14, 2023 James L. Holmberg /s/ Amy E. Alving Director February 14, 2023 Amy E. Alving 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 221 

Signatures 

Signature Title Date /s/ Christopher J. Brummer Director February 14, 2023 Christopher J. Brummer /s/ Ren e L. Glover Director February 14, 2023 Ren e L. Glover /s/ Robert H. Herz Director February 14, 2023 Robert H. Herz /s/ Simon Johnson Director February 14, 2023 Simon Johnson /s/ Karin Kimbrough Director February 14, 2023 Karin Kimbrough /s/ Diane C. Nordin Director February 14, 2023 Diane C. Nordin /s/ Manuel S nchez Rodr guez Director February 14, 2023 Manuel S nchez Rodr guez 

Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 222 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Deficit) 
 F-7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 
 Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies F-8 
 Note 2 Consolidations and Transfers of Financial Assets F-24 
 Note 3 Mortgage Loans F-27 
 Note 4 Allowance for Loan Losses F-37 
 Note 5 Investments in Securities F-40 
 Note 6 Financial Guarantees F-42 
 Note 7 Short-Term and Long-Term Debt F-43 
 Note 8 Derivative Instruments F-45 
 Note 9 Income Taxes F-49 
 Note 10 Segment Reporting F-50 
 Note 11 Equity F-53 
 Note 12 Regulatory Capital Requirements F-60 
 Note 13 Concentrations of Credit Risk F-63 
 Note 14 Netting Arrangements F-69 
 Note 15 Fair Value F-71 
 Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies F-83 

Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To Fannie Mae: 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fannie Mae and consolidated entities (in conservatorship) (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in equity (deficit) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 14, 2023, expressed an adverse opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting because of a material weakness. 
 Emphasis of a Matter 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is currently under the control of its conservator and regulator, the Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA ). Further, the Company directly and indirectly received substantial support from various agencies of the United States Government, including the United States Department of Treasury and FHFA. The Company is dependent upon continued support of the United States Government, various United States Government agencies and the Company s conservator and regulator, FHFA. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance that reflects an estimate of expected credit losses related to its recorded investment in held for investment loans. The allowance for loan losses requires consideration of a broad range of information about current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecast information to develop loan loss estimates. The Company used a discounted cash flow method to measure expected credit losses on its single-family mortgage loans and an undiscounted loss method to measure expected credit losses on its multifamily mortgage loans. The internal models used to estimate credit losses incorporate historical credit loss experience, adjusted for current economic forecasts and the current credit profile of the Company s loan book of business. The models use reasonable and supportable forecasts for key economic drivers, such as home prices (single-family), interest rates (single-family), rental income (multifamily) and property valuations (multifamily). The cash flow analysis 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

incorporates estimates produced by the Company s internal models, which include the probability of prepayment, default rates, and loss severity in the event of default. The modeled estimates are adjusted when management believes the model does not capture the entirety of losses it expects to incur. Accordingly, the estimate of lifetime expected credit losses requires significant management judgments and assumptions about highly complex and inherently uncertain matters. 
 We identified the allowance for loan losses as a critical audit matter because of the complexity of the Company s internal models and the significant assumptions used by management. Auditing the allowance for loan losses required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve credit specialists when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s models and assumptions. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the internal models and assumptions used by management to estimate the allowance for loan losses included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of internal controls, including those related to the internal models and significant management assumptions. 
 With the assistance of our credit specialists, we evaluated the internal models, including inputs into and the resulting estimates of the expected cash flows, including the probability of prepayment, default rates and loss severity in the event of default. 
 With the assistance of our credit specialists, we evaluated management s assumptions. For single-family loans, we evaluated the assumptions for forecasted home price growth and projected interest rates. For multifamily loans, we evaluated management s assumptions related to forecasts of property rental income and property valuations. 
 We tested the accuracy of historical loan performance data and current economic data consumed by the internal models used to calculate expected credit losses. 
 We evaluated the appropriateness of economic and other forecasts used in internal models, including the reversion period applied for periods beyond the reasonable and supportable forecast period. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. 
 Fannie Mae 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-3 

Financial Statements | Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 FANNIE MAE 
 (In conservatorship) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Dollars in millions) As of December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents (includes and , respectively, related to consolidated trusts) 
 Securities purchased under agreements to resell (includes and , respectively, related to consolidated trusts) 
 Investments in securities, at fair value Mortgage loans: Loans held for sale, at lower of cost or fair value Loans held for investment, at amortized cost: Of Fannie Mae Of consolidated trusts Total loans held for investment (includes and , respectively, at fair value) 
 Allowance for loan losses ) ) Total loans held for investment, net of allowance Total mortgage loans Advances to lenders Deferred tax assets, net Accrued interest receivable, net (includes and related to consolidated trusts and net of allowance of and , respectively) 
 Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Accrued interest payable (includes and , respectively, related to consolidated trusts) 
 Debt: Of Fannie Mae (includes and , respectively, at fair value) 
 Of consolidated trusts (includes and , respectively, at fair value) 
 Other liabilities (includes and , respectively, related to consolidated trusts) 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) Fannie Mae stockholders equity: Senior preferred stock (liquidation preference of and , respectively) 
 Preferred stock, shares are authorized shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, no par value, no maximum authorization shares issued and shares outstanding 
 Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Treasury stock, at cost, shares 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity (See Note 1: Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, Senior Preferred Stock and Warrant for information on the related dividend obligation and liquidation preference) 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-4 

Financial Statements | Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 

 FANNIE MAE 
 (In conservatorship) 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest income: Investments in securities Mortgage loans Other Total interest income Interest expense: Short-term debt ) ) ) Long-term debt ) ) ) Total interest expense ) ) ) Net interest income Benefit (provision) for credit losses ) ) Net interest income after benefit (provision) for credit losses Investment gains (losses), net ) Fair value gains (losses), net ) Fee and other income Non-interest income (loss) ) Administrative expenses: Salaries and employee benefits ) ) ) Professional services ) ) ) Other administrative expenses ) ) ) Total administrative expenses ) ) ) TCCA fees ) ) ) Credit enhancement expense ) ) ) Change in expected credit enhancement recoveries ) Other expenses, net ) ) ) Total expenses ) ) ) Income before federal income taxes Provision for federal income taxes ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Total comprehensive income Net income Dividends distributed or amounts attributable to senior preferred stock ) ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-5 

Financial Statements | Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 FANNIE MAE 
 (In conservatorship) 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Dollars in millions) For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities: Net income Reconciliation of net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Amortization of cost basis adjustments ) ) ) Net impact of hedged mortgage assets and debt ) ) Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Valuation (gains) losses ) ) Current and deferred federal income taxes ) Net gains related to the disposition of acquired property and preforeclosure sales, including credit enhancements 
 ) ) ) Net change in accrued interest receivable ) ) ) Net change in servicer advances ) ) Other, net ) ) Net change in trading securities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows provided by investing activities: Purchases of loans held for investment ) ) ) Proceeds from repayments of loans acquired as held for investment of Fannie Mae Proceeds from sales of loans acquired as held for investment of Fannie Mae 
 Proceeds from repayments and sales of loans acquired as held for investment of consolidated trusts 
 Advances to lenders ) ) ) Proceeds from disposition of acquired property and preforeclosure sales Net change in federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell ) Other, net 
 ) Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of debt of Fannie Mae Payments to redeem debt of Fannie Mae ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of debt of consolidated trusts Payments to redeem debt of consolidated trusts ) ) ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes Non-cash activities: Mortgage loans acquired by assuming debt or advances to lenders Net transfers from mortgage loans of Fannie Mae to mortgage loans of consolidated trusts Transfers from advances to lenders to loans held for investment of consolidated trusts Net transfers from mortgage loans to acquired property 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-6 

Financial Statements | Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Deficit) 

FANNIE MAE 
 (In conservatorship) 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Deficit) 
 (Dollars and shares in millions) 
 
 Fannie Mae Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Shares Outstanding Senior Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Common Stock Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Treasury Stock Total Equity (Deficit) Senior Preferred Preferred Common Balance as of December 31, 2019 
 ) ) Transition impact, net of tax, from the adoption of the current expected credit loss standard ) ) Balance as of January 1, 2020, adjusted 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax effect: Changes in net unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities (net of taxes of 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income (net of taxes of 
 ) ) Other (net of taxes of 
 Total comprehensive income Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income: Other comprehensive income, net of tax effect: Changes in net unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities (net of taxes of 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income (net of taxes of 
 ) ) Other (net of taxes of 
 ) ) Total comprehensive income Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax effect: Changes in net unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities (net of taxes of 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income (net of taxes of 
 Other (net of taxes of 
 Total comprehensive income Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 FANNIE MAE 
 (In conservatorship) 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 
 reportable business segments: Single-Family and Multifamily. The Single-Family business operates in the secondary mortgage market relating to loans secured by properties containing four or fewer residential dwelling units. The Multifamily business operates in the secondary mortgage market relating primarily to loans secured by properties containing five or more residential units. We describe the management reporting and allocation process used to generate our segment results in Note 10, Segment Reporting. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

shares of senior preferred stock and a warrant to purchase shares of our common stock. The senior preferred stock purchase agreement and the dividend and liquidation provisions of the senior preferred stock were amended in January 2021 pursuant to a letter agreement between Fannie Mae, through FHFA in its capacity as conservator, and Treasury. The changes include the following: 
 The dividend provisions of the senior preferred stock were amended to permit us to retain increases in our net worth until our net worth exceeds the amount of adjusted total capital necessary for us to meet the capital requirements and buffers under the enterprise regulatory capital framework discussed in Note 12, Regulatory Capital Requirements. After the capital reserve end date, which is defined as the last day of the second consecutive fiscal quarter during which we have had and maintained capital equal to, or in excess of, all of the capital requirements and buffers under the enterprise regulatory capital framework, the amount of quarterly dividends to Treasury will be equal to the lesser of any quarterly increase in our net worth and a 10 annual rate on the then-current liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock. 
 At the end of each fiscal quarter, through and including the capital reserve end date, the liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock will be increased by an amount equal to the increase in our net worth, if any, during the immediately prior fiscal quarter. 
 We may issue and retain up to billion in proceeds from the sale of common stock without Treasury s prior consent, provided that (1) Treasury has already exercised its warrant in full, and (2) all currently pending significant litigation relating to the conservatorship and to an amendment to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement made in August 2012 has been resolved, which may require Treasury s assent. 
 FHFA may release us from conservatorship without Treasury s consent after (1) all currently pending significant litigation relating to the conservatorship and to the August 2012 amendment to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement has been resolved, and (2) our common equity tier 1 capital, together with any other common stock that we may issue in a public offering, equals or exceeds 3 of our adjusted total assets (as defined in the enterprise regulatory capital framework). 
 New restrictive covenants were added relating to our single-family and multifamily business activities. 
 On September 14, 2021, Fannie Mae, through FHFA acting in its capacity as Fannie Mae s conservator, entered into a letter agreement with Treasury temporarily suspending certain of the restrictive business covenants that were added in the January 2021 letter agreement amending the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. Under the terms of the September 2021 letter agreement, the suspension of these provisions will terminate six months after Treasury so notifies us. 
 Treasury has made a commitment under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement to provide funding to us under certain circumstances if we have a net worth deficit. Pursuant to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, we have received a total of billion from Treasury as of December 31, 2022, and the amount of remaining funding available to us under the agreement is billion. We have not received any funding from Treasury under this commitment since the first quarter of 2018. 
 The aggregate liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock increased to billion as of December 31, 2022 and will further increase to billion as of March 31, 2023 due to the billion increase in our net worth during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Both the January and September 2021 letter agreements have been accounted for as modifications of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. As a result, there is no change in the carrying value of the senior preferred stock. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 of the total common stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis on the date the warrant is exercised. The warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at any time on or before September 7, 2028. We recorded the warrant at fair value in our stockholders equity as a component of additional paid-in-capital. The fair value of the warrant was calculated using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. Since the warrant has an exercise price of per share, the model is insensitive to the risk-free rate and volatility assumptions used in the calculation and the share value of the warrant is equal to the price of the underlying common stock. We estimated that the fair value of the warrant at issuance was billion based on the price of our common stock on September 8, 2008, which was after the dilutive effect of the warrant had been reflected in the market price. Subsequent changes in the fair value of the warrant are not recognized in our financial statements. If the warrant is exercised, the stated value of the common stock issued will be reclassified as Common stock in our consolidated balance sheets. Because the warrant s exercise price per share is considered non-substantive (compared to the market price of our common stock), the warrant was determined to have characteristics of non-voting common stock, and thus is included in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share. The weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding for 2022, 2021 and 2020 included shares of common stock that would be issuable upon full exercise of the warrant issued to Treasury. 
 Impact of U.S. Government Support 
 We continue to rely on support from Treasury to eliminate any net worth deficits we may experience in the future, which would otherwise trigger our being placed into receivership. Based on consideration of all the relevant conditions and events affecting our operations, including our reliance on the U.S. government, we continue to operate as a going concern and in accordance with FHFA s provision of authority. 
 In addition to MBS issuances and retained earnings, we fund our business through the issuance of short-term and long-term debt securities in the domestic and international capital markets. Accordingly, we are subject to roll over, or refinancing, risk on our outstanding debt. Our ability to issue long-term debt has been strong primarily due to actions taken by the federal government to support our business and our debt securities. 

of the total number of shares of Fannie Mae common stock, we and Treasury are deemed related parties. As of December 31, 2022, Treasury held an investment in our senior preferred stock with an aggregate liquidation preference of billion. See Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, Senior Preferred Stock and Warrant above for additional information on transactions under this agreement. 
 FHFA s control of both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac has caused Fannie Mae, FHFA and Freddie Mac to be deemed related parties. Additionally, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac jointly own Common Securitization Solutions, LLC CSS ), a limited liability company created to operate a common securitization platform; as a result, CSS is deemed a related party. As a part of our joint ownership, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and CSS are parties to a limited liability company agreement that sets forth the overall framework for the joint venture, including Fannie Mae s and Freddie Mac s rights 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-10 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Transactions with Treasury 
 Treasury Making Home Affordable Program 
 Our administrative expenses were reduced by million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, due to reimbursements from Treasury and Freddie Mac for expenses incurred as program administrator for Treasury s Home Affordable Modification Program HAMP and other initiatives under Treasury s Making Home Affordable Program. 
 Obligation to Pay TCCA Fees to Treasury 
 In December 2011, Congress enacted the Temporary Payroll Cut Continuation Act of 2011 TCCA which, among other provisions, required that we increase our single-family guaranty fees by at least basis points and remit this increase to Treasury. basis points in April 2012. The resulting fee revenue and expense are recorded in Interest income: Mortgage loans and TCCA fees, respectively, in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 basis points in guaranty fees on single-family residential mortgages delivered to us and pay the associated revenue to Treasury. In January 2022, FHFA advised us to continue to pay these TCCA fees to Treasury with respect to all single-family loans acquired by us before October 1, 2032, and to continue to remit these amounts to Treasury on and after October 1, 2032 with respect to loans we acquired before this date until those loans are paid off or otherwise liquidated. 
 We recognized billion, billion and billion in TCCA fees during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which million and million had not been remitted as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Treasury Interest in Affordable Housing Allocations 
 The GSE Act requires us to set aside certain funding obligations, a portion of which is attributable to Treasury s Capital Magnet Fund. These funding obligations are measured as the product of basis points and the unpaid principal balance of our total new business purchases for the respective period, with of this amount payable to Treasury s Capital Magnet Fund. We recognized million, million and million in Other expenses, net in connection with Treasury s Capital Magnet Fund for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We paid million and million to Treasury s Capital Magnet Fund in 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2023, we expect to pay million to Treasury s Capital Magnet Fund based on our new business purchases in 2022. 
 Transactions with FHFA 
 The GSE Act authorizes FHFA to establish an annual assessment for regulated entities, including Fannie Mae, which is payable on a semi-annual basis (April and October), for FHFA s costs and expenses, as well as to maintain FHFA s working capital. We recognized FHFA assessment fees, which are recorded in Administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-11 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These contributions are recorded in Other expenses, net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-12 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-13 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-14 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-15 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any securities classified as held-to-maturity. 
 Mortgage Loans 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-16 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-17 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-18 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 days and earn a short-term market rate of interest. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-19 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

billion and billion of acquired property, net as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We initially measure foreclosed property at its fair value less its estimated costs to sell. We treat any excess of our amortized cost in the loan over the fair value less estimated costs to sell the property as a write-off to the Allowance for loan losses in our consolidated balance sheets. Any excess of the fair value less estimated costs to sell the property over our amortized cost in the loan is recognized first to recover any previously written-off amounts, then to recover any forgone, contractually due interest, and lastly to Other expenses, net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 We classify foreclosed properties as HFS when we intend to sell the property and the following conditions are met at either acquisition or within a relatively short period thereafter: we are actively marketing the property and it is available for immediate sale in its current condition such that the sale is reasonably expected to take place within one year. We report these properties at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less estimated selling costs. We do not depreciate these properties. 
 We recognize a loss for any subsequent write-down of the property to its fair value less its estimated costs to sell through a valuation allowance with an offsetting charge to Other expenses, net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. We recognize a recovery for any subsequent increase in fair value less estimated costs to sell up to the cumulative loss previously recognized through the valuation allowance. We recognize gains or losses on sales of foreclosed property through Other expenses, net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 Properties that do not meet the criteria to be classified as HFS are classified as held for use. These properties are depreciated and are evaluated for impairment when circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the property is no longer recoverable. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-20 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-21 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-22 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Weighted average common shares includes billion shares for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, that would be issued upon the full exercise of the warrant issued to Treasury from the date the warrant was issued through December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Our diluted EPS weighted-average shares outstanding includes million shares of convertible preferred stock for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. During periods in which a net loss attributable to common stockholders has been incurred, potential common equivalent shares outstanding are not included in the calculation because it would have an anti-dilutive effect. 
 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-23 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

2. 
 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-24 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Consolidations and Transfers of Financial Assets 

We continually assess whether we are the primary beneficiary of the VIEs with which we are involved and therefore may consolidate or deconsolidate a VIE through the duration of our involvement. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the unpaid principal balance of portfolio securitizations was billion, billion and billion, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unpaid principal balance of retained interests was million and its related fair value was billion. The unpaid principal balance of retained interests was billion and its related fair value was billion as of December 31, 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the principal, interest and other fees received on retained interests was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-25 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Consolidations and Transfers of Financial Assets 

We recognize assets obtained and liabilities incurred in qualifying sales of portfolio securitizations at fair value. Proceeds from the initial sale of securities from portfolio securitizations were million for the year ended December 31, 2020. We had proceeds from the initial sale of securities from portfolio securitizations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our continuing involvement in the form of guaranty assets and guaranty liabilities with assets that were transferred into unconsolidated trusts is not material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Other assets Other liabilities ) ) Net carrying amount 
 
 Our maximum exposure to loss generally represents the greater of our carrying value in the entity or the unpaid principal balance of the assets covered by our guaranty. Our involvement in unconsolidated resecuritization trusts may give rise to additional exposure to loss depending on the type of resecuritization trust. Fannie Mae non-commingled resecuritization trusts are backed entirely by Fannie Mae MBS. These non-commingled single-class and multi-class resecuritization trusts are not consolidated and do not give rise to any additional exposure to loss as we already consolidate the underlying collateral. 
 Fannie Mae commingled resecuritization trusts are backed in whole or in part by Freddie Mac securities. The guaranty that we provide to these commingled resecuritization trusts may increase our exposure to loss to the extent that we are providing a guaranty for the timely payment and interest on the underlying Freddie Mac securities that we have not previously guaranteed. Our maximum exposure to loss for these unconsolidated trusts is measured by the amount of Freddie Mac securities that are held in these resecuritization trusts. 
 Our maximum exposure to loss related to unconsolidated securitization and resecuritization trusts, which includes but is not limited to our exposure to these Freddie Mac securities, was approximately billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total assets of our unconsolidated securitization and resecuritization trusts were approximately billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The maximum exposure to loss for our unconsolidated limited partnerships and similar legal entities, which consist of LIHTC, community investments and other entities, was million and the related net carrying value was million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the maximum exposure to loss was million and the related net carrying value was million. The total assets of these limited partnership investments were billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The maximum exposure to loss related to our involvement with unconsolidated SPVs that transfer credit risk represents the unpaid principal balance and accrued interest payable of obligations issued by the CAS and MCAS SPVs. The maximum exposure to loss related to these unconsolidated SPVs was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total assets related to these unconsolidated SPVs were billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The unpaid principal balance of our multifamily loan portfolio wa s billion as of December 31, 2022. As our lending relationship does not provide us with a controlling financial interest in the borrower entity, we do not consolidate these borrowers regardless of their status as either a VIE or a voting interest entity. We have excluded these entities from our VIE disclosures. However, the disclosures we have provided in Note 3, Mortgage Loans, Note 4, Allowance for Loan Losses and Note 6, Financial Guarantees with respect to this population are consistent with the FASB s stated objectives for the disclosures related to unconsolidated VIEs. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-26 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Mortgage Loans 

 3. 

For purposes of the single-family mortgage loan disclosures below, we display loans by class of financing receivable type. Financing receivable classes used for disclosure consist of: 20- and 30-year or more, amortizing fixed-rate, 15-year or less, amortizing fixed-rate, Adjustable-rate and Other. The Other class primarily consists of reverse mortgage loans, interest-only loans, negative-amortizing loans and second liens. 
 Multifamily Total unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans Cost basis and fair value adjustments, net Allowance for loan losses for HFI loans ) ) Total mortgage loans (1) 
 
 (1) Excludes billion and billion of accrued interest receivable, net of allowance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The following table displays information about our purchase of HFI loans, redesignation of loans and the sales of mortgage loans during the period. For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in millions) Purchase of HFI loans: Single-family unpaid principal balance Multifamily unpaid principal balance Single family loans redesignated from HFI to HFS: Amortized cost Lower of cost or fair value adjustment at time of redesignation (1) 
 ) ) ) Allowance reversed at time of redesignation Single family loans redesignated from HFS to HFI: Amortized cost Single-family loans sold: Unpaid principal balance Realized gains, net 
 (1) Consists of the write-off against the allowance at the time of redesignation. 
 The amortized cost of single-family mortgage loans for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As a result of our various loss mitigation and foreclosure prevention efforts, we expect that a portion of the loans in the process of formal foreclosure proceedings will not ultimately foreclose. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-27 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Mortgage Loans 

 15-year or less, amortizing fixed-rate Adjustable-rate Other (2) 
 Total single-family 
 Multifamily (3) 
 N/A Total 
 As of December 31, 2021 30 - 59 Days 
 Delinquent 
 60 - 89 Days Delinquent 
 Seriously Delinquent (1) 
 Total Delinquent 
 Current 
 Total 
 Loans 90 Days or More Delinquent and Accruing Interest 
 Nonaccrual Loans with No Allowance 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Single-family: 
 20- and 30-year or more, amortizing fixed-rate 
 15-year or less, amortizing fixed-rate 
 Adjustable-rate 
 Other (2) 
 Total single-family 
 Multifamily (3) 
 N/A Total 
 
 (1) Single-family seriously delinquent loans are loans that are days or more past due or in the foreclosure process. Multifamily seriously delinquent loans are loans that are days or more past due. 
 (2) Reverse mortgage loans included in Other are not aged due to their nature and are included in the current column. 
 (3) Multifamily loans - days delinquent are included in the seriously delinquent column. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-28 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Mortgage Loans 

 As of December 31, 2022, by Year of Origination (1) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 2019 
 2018 
 Prior 
 Total 
 (Dollars in millions) Estimated mark-to-market LTV ratio: (2) 
 20- and 30-year or more, amortizing fixed-rate: Less than or equal to 80 Greater than 80 and less than or equal to 90 Greater than 90 and less than or equal to 100 Greater than 100 Total 20- and 30-year or more, amortizing fixed-rate 15-year or less, amortizing fixed-rate: Less than or equal to 80 Greater than 80 and less than or equal to 90 Greater than 90 and less than or equal to 100 Greater than 100 Total 15-year or less, amortizing fixed-rate Adjustable-rate: Less than or equal to 80 Greater than 80 and less than or equal to 90 Greater than 90 and less than or equal to 100 Greater than 100 Total adjustable-rate Other: Less than or equal to 80 Greater than 80 and less than or equal to 90 Greater than 90 and less than or equal to 100 Greater than 100 Total other Total Total for all classes by LTV ratio: (2) 
 Less than or equal to 80 Greater than 80 and less than or equal to 90 Greater than 90 and less than or equal to 100 Greater than 100 Total 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-29 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Mortgage Loans 

 Greater than 80 and less than or equal to 90 
 Greater than 90 and less than or equal to 100 
 Greater than 100 
 Total 20- and 30-year or more, amortizing fixed-rate 
 15-year or less, amortizing fixed-rate: 
 Less than or equal to 80 
 Greater than 80 and less than or equal to 90 
 Greater than 90 and less than or equal to 100 
 Greater than 100 
 Total 15-year or less, amortizing fixed-rate 
 Adjustable-rate: 
 Less than or equal to 80 
 Greater than 80 and less than or equal to 90 
 Greater than 90 and less than or equal to 100 
 Greater than 100 
 Total adjustable-rate 
 Other: 
 Less than or equal to 80 
 Greater than 80 and less than or equal to 90 
 Greater than 90 and less than or equal to 100 
 Greater than 100 
 Total other 
 Total 
 Total for all classes by LTV ratio: (2) 
 Less than or equal to 80 
 Greater than 80 and less than or equal to 90 
 Greater than 90 and less than or equal to 100 
 Greater than 100 
 Total 
 
 (1) Excludes billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, of mortgage loans guaranteed or insured, in whole or in part, by the U.S. government or one of its agencies, which represents primarily reverse mortgages for which we do not calculate an estimated mark-to-market LTV ratio. 
 (2) The aggregate estimated mark-to-market LTV ratio is based on the unpaid principal balance of the loan divided by the estimated current value of the property as of the end of each reported period, which we calculate using an internal valuation model that estimates periodic changes in home value. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-30 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Mortgage Loans 

 Classified (2) 
 Total 
 As of December 31, 2021, by Year of Origination 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior 
 Total 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Internally assigned credit risk rating: 
 Non-classified (1) 
 Classified (2) 
 Total 
 
 (1) A loan categorized as Non-classified is current or adequately protected by the current financial strength and debt service capability of the borrower. 
 (2) Represents loans classified as Substandard or Doubtful. Loans classified as Substandard have a well-defined weakness that jeopardizes the timely full repayment. We had loans in our seniors housing portfolio with an amortized cost of billion as of December 31, 2022 and billion as of December 31, 2021 classified as substandard. Doubtful refers to a loan with a weakness that makes collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable based on existing conditions and values. We had loans with an amortized cost of million as of December 31, 2022 and less than million as of December 31, 2021 classified as doubtful. 
 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-31 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Mortgage Loans 

 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-32 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Mortgage Loans 

 15-year or less, amortizing fixed-rate Adjustable-rate Other Total single-family Multifamily Total (3) 
 
 Represents less than 0.5 of total by financing class. 
 (1) Represents loans that received a contractual modification. 
 (2) Based on the amortized cost basis as of period end, divided by the period end amortized cost basis of the corresponding class of financing receivable. 
 (3) Excludes billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 for loans that received a loss mitigation activity during the period that paid off, repurchased or sold prior to period end. Also excludes loans that liquidated either through foreclosure, deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, or a short sale. Loans may move from one category to another, as a result of the restructuring(s) they received during the period. 
 Our estimate of future credit losses uses a lifetime methodology, derived from modeled loan performance based on the extensive historical experience of loans with similar risk characteristics, adjusted to reflect current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The historical loss experience used in our single-family and multifamily credit loss models includes the impact of the loss mitigation options provided to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty, and also includes the impact of projected loss severities as a result of a loan default. 
 15-year or less, amortizing fixed-rate Adjustable-rate 
 Other 
 
 (1) Represents the average amount of delinquency-related amounts that were capitalized as part of the loan balance. Amounts are in whole dollars. 
 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-33 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Mortgage Loans 

 15-year or less, amortizing fixed-rate Adjustable-rate Other Total single-family Multifamily Total loans that subsequently defaulted (1) 
 
 (1) Represents amortized cost as of period end. Excludes loans that liquidated either through foreclosure, deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, or a short sale. 
 15-year or less, amortizing fixed-rate Adjustable-rate Other Total single-family loans modified Multifamily N/A Total loans restructured (2) 
 
 (1) Multifamily loans - days delinquent are included in the seriously delinquent column. 
 (2) Represents the amortized cost basis as of period end. 
 Troubled Debt Restructuring Disclosures Prior to Our Adoption of ASU 2022-02 
 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-34 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Mortgage Loans 

 See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in this report for more information on our adoption of ASU 2022-02. 
 The substantial majority of the loan modifications accounted for as TDRs resulted from a payment delay, term extension, interest rate reduction or a combination thereof. The average term extension of a single-family modified loan was months and months for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The average interest rate reduction was and percentage points for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 15-year or less, amortizing fixed rate Adjustable-rate Other Total single-family Multifamily Total TDRs 
 For loans that defaulted in the period presented and that were classified as a TDR in the twelve months prior to the default, the following table displays the number of loans and the amortized cost of these loans at the time of payment default. For purposes of this disclosure, we define loans that had a payment default as: single-family and multifamily loans with completed modifications that liquidated during the period, either through foreclosure, deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, or a short sale; single-family loans with completed modifications that are two or more months delinquent during the period; or multifamily loans with completed modifications that are one or more months delinquent during the period. For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Number of Loans Amortized Cost Number of Loans Amortized Cost (Dollars in millions) Single-family: 20- and 30-year or more, amortizing fixed rate 15-year or less, amortizing fixed rate Adjustable-rate Other Total single-family Multifamily Total TDRs that subsequently defaulted 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-35 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Mortgage Loans 

 Multifamily 
 The table below includes the amortized cost of and interest income recognized on our HFI single-family and multifamily loans on nonaccrual status by class, excluding loans for which we have elected the fair value option. 
 As of December 31, For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2022 2021 2020 Amortized Cost Total Interest Income Recognized (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) Single-family: 20- and 30-year or more, amortizing fixed-rate 15-year or less, amortizing fixed-rate Adjustable-rate Other Total single-family Multifamily Total nonaccrual loans 
 (1) Interest income recognized includes amortization of any deferred cost basis adjustments while the loan is performing and that is not reversed when the loan is placed on nonaccrual status. For loans negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, also includes amounts accrued but not collected prior to the loan being placed on nonaccrual status. For single-family, interest income recognized includes payments received on nonaccrual loans held as of period end. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-36 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Allowance for Loan Losses 

 4. 
 ) ) Transition impact of the adoption of the CECL standard ) Benefit (provision) for loan losses ) Write-offs Recoveries ) ) ) Other ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) Multifamily allowance for loan losses: Beginning balance ) ) ) Transition impact of the adoption of the CECL standard ) Benefit (provision) for loan losses ) ) Write-offs Recoveries ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) Total allowance for loan losses: Beginning balance ) ) ) Transition impact of the adoption of the CECL standard ) Benefit (provision) for loan losses ) ) Write-offs Recoveries ) ) ) Other ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-37 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Allowance for Loan Losses 

T he primary factors that contributed to our single-family provision for loan losses for 2022 were: 
 Net provision from actual and forecasted home prices. Provision from home price changes was primarily driven by our home price forecast, which estimates home price declines in 2023 and 2024. Lower forecasted home prices increase the likelihood that loans will default and increase the amount of credit loss on loans that do default, which increases our estimate of loss reserves and provision for loan losses. 
 Provision from changes in loan activity, which includes provision on newly acquired loans. The portion of our single-family acquisitions consisting of purchase loans increased in 2022 compared with 2021. As we shift to more purchase loans, the credit profile of our acquisitions weakens as purchase loans generally have higher origination LTV ratios than refinance loans. This drove a higher estimated risk of default and loss severity in the allowance and therefore a higher loan loss provision for those loans at the time of acquisition. In addition, in 2022, our loan loss provision also increased as our more negative home price forecast increased our estimate of losses on newly acquired loans. 
 Provision from higher actual and projected interest rates. As mortgage rates increase, we expect a decrease in future prepayments on single-family loans, including modified loans accounted for as TDRs. Lower expected prepayments extend the expected lives of these loans resulting in an increase in expected losses. For TDR loans, longer expected lives also increase the expected impairment relating to economic concessions provided on them, resulting in a provision for loan losses. 
 T he primary factors that contributed to our single-family benefit for loan losses for 2021 were: 
 Benefit from actual and forecasted home prices. In 2021, actual home price growth was at record levels. Higher home prices decrease the likelihood that loans will default and reduce the amount of credit loss on loans that do default, which impacts our estimate of losses and ultimately reduces our loss reserves and provision for loan losses. 
 Benefit from the redesignation of loans from HFI to HFS. We redesignated certain nonperforming and reperforming single-family loans from HFI to HFS, as we no longer intended to hold them for the foreseeable future or to maturity. Upon redesignation of these loans, we recorded the loans at the lower of cost or fair value with a write-off against the allowance for loan losses. Amounts recorded in the allowance related to these loans exceeded the amounts written off, resulting in a net benefit for loan losses. 
 Benefit from changes in assumptions regarding COVID-19 forbearance and loan delinquencies. During the first half of 2021, management used its judgment to supplement the loss projections developed by our credit loss model to account for uncertainty arising from the COVID-19 pandemic that was not represented in historical data or otherwise captured by our credit model. For the second half of 2021, management removed the remaining non-modeled adjustment as the effects of the government s economic stimulus, the vaccine rollout, and the effectiveness of COVID-19-related loss mitigation strategies were much less uncertain. 
 The impact of these factors was partially offset by provision for higher actual and projected interest rates, which reduced our single-family benefit for loan losses recognized in 2021. 
 The increase in single-family write-offs in 2022 compared with 2021 was primarily driven by higher lower-of-cost-or-market adjustments at the time of loan redesignation due to price declines on our HFS loans as interest rates rose during the year. In addition, we had higher write-offs on single-family loans that went into foreclosure in 2022. 
 The primary factors that contributed to our multifamily provision for loan losses in 2022 were: 
 Provision relating to our multifamily seniors housing portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, our estimate of credit losses reflected an increased probability of default and greater expected severity of loss on our seniors housing portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, nearly all of the seniors housing loans in our guaranty book of business were current on their payments. However, our seniors housing portfolio has been disproportionately impacted by recent market conditions, which has resulted in higher expected losses on this portfolio. 
 Seniors housing has been negatively impacted by elevated vacancy rates and higher operating costs, which have been exacerbated by recent inflation pressures. This has reduced the net operating income on many seniors housing properties, which in turn has led to lower estimated property values. These factors, combined 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-38 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Allowance for Loan Losses 

 billion, of which were adjustable-rate mortgages. 
 Provision for higher actual and projected interest rates. Rising interest rates may reduce the ability of multifamily borrowers to refinance their loans, which often have balloon balances at maturity, increasing our provision for loan losses. Additionally, rising interest rates increase the chance that multifamily borrowers with adjustable-rate mortgages may default due to higher payments if the property net operating income is not increasing at a similar pace. 
 The primary factors that contributed to our multifamily benefit for loan losses in 2021 were: 
 Benefit from actual and projected economic data. In 2021, property value forecasts increased due to continued demand for multifamily housing. In addition, improved job growth led to an increase in projected average property net operating income, which reduced the probability of loan defaults, resulting in a benefit for credit losses. 
 Benefit from lower expected credit losses as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Similar to our single-family benefit for credit losses described above, for the first half of 2021 management used its judgment to supplement the loss projections developed by our credit loss model to account for uncertainty arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. For the second half of 2021, management removed the remaining non-modeled adjustment as the effects of the economic stimulus, the vaccine rollout, and the effectiveness of COVID-19-related loss mitigation strategies were much less uncertain. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-39 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Investments in Securities 

5. 
 
 million and million, respectively, related to consolidated trusts) 
 Non-mortgage-related securities (includes billion and billion, respectively, pledged as collateral) (1) 
 Total trading securities 
 ) Net trading gains (losses) recognized in the period related to securities still held at period end ) ) 

) Other mortgage-related securities ) ) Total ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2021 Total Amortized Cost 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Gross Unrealized Gains in AOCI Gross Unrealized Losses in AOCI 
 Total Fair Value (Dollars in millions) 
 Agency securities (1) 
 ) Other mortgage-related securities ) Total ) 
 s 
 Total allowance for credit losses is less than million as of December 31, 2021. 
 (1) Agency securities consist of securities issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-40 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Investments in Securities 

) ) ) Other mortgage-related securities ) ) Total ) ) ) ) 
 Total proceeds (excludes initial sale of securities from new portfolio securitizations)) Net unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities for which we have recorded an allowance for credit losses ) Other 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-41 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Investments in Securities 

Other mortgage-related securities Total Weighted-average interest rate (2) 
 
 (1) Net carrying amount consists of amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses on AFS securities but does not include any unrealized fair value gains or losses. 
 (2) Weighted-average interest rate includes the effects of discounts, premiums and other cost basis adjustments. 
 
 6. 
 
 The maximum remaining contractual term of our guarantees is years; however, the actual term of each guaranty may be significantly less than the contractual term based on the prepayment characteristics of the related mortgage loans. 
 As the guarantor of structured securities backed in whole or in part by Freddie Mac-issued securities, we extend our guaranty to the underlying Freddie Mac securities in our resecuritization trusts. However, Freddie Mac continues to guarantee the payment of principal and interest on the underlying Freddie Mac securities that we have resecuritized. When we began issuing UMBS, we entered into an indemnification agreement under which Freddie Mac agreed to indemnify us for losses caused by its failure to meet its payment or other specified obligations under the trust agreements pursuant to which the underlying resecuritized securities were issued. As a result, and due to the funding commitment available to Freddie Mac through its senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury, we have concluded that the associated credit risk is negligible. Accordingly, we exclude from the following table Freddie Mac securities backing unconsolidated Fannie Mae-issued structured securities of billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Other guaranty arrangements (2) 
 Total 
 (1) Recoverability of such credit enhancements and recourse is subject to, among other factors, the ability of our mortgage insurers and the U.S. government, as a financial guarantor, to meet their obligations to us. For information on our mortgage insurers, see Note 13, Concentrations of Credit Risk. 
 (2) Primarily consists of credit enhancements and long-term standby commitments. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-42 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Short-Term and Long-Term Debt 

7. 

(1) Includes the effects of discounts, premiums and other cost basis adjustments. 
 
 2022 - 2030 Medium-term notes (3) 
 2023 - 2031 2022 - 2031 Other (4) 
 2023 - 2038 2023 - 2038 Total senior fixed 
 Senior floating: Medium-term notes (3) 
 N/A 2022 Connecticut Avenue Securities (5) 
 2023 - 2031 2023 - 2031 Other (6) 
 2037 2037 Total senior floating 
 Total long-term debt of Fannie Mae (7) 
 Debt of consolidated trusts 2023 - 2062 2022 - 2061 Total long-term debt 
 billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-43 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Short-Term and Long-Term Debt 

billion and billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had zero-coupon debt with a face amount of billion, which had an effective interest rate of . As of December 31, 2021, we had zero-coupon debt with a face amount of billion, which had an effective interest rate of . 
 We issue callable debt instruments to manage the duration and prepayment risk of expected cash flows of the mortgage assets we own. Our outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 included billion and billion, respectively, of callable debt that could be redeemed, in whole or in part, at our option on or after a specified date. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total long-term debt of Fannie Mae (1) 
 Debt of consolidated trusts (2) 
 Total long-term debt 
 (1) Includes unamortized discounts and premiums, fair value adjustments, hedge-related cost basis adjustments, and other cost basis adjustments. 
 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-44 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Derivative Instruments 

8. 
 
 See Note 15, Fair Value for additional information on derivatives recorded at fair value. 
 Fair Value Hedge Accounting 
 As discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, we implemented a fair value hedge accounting program in January 2021. The objective of our fair value hedges is to reduce GAAP earnings volatility related to changes in benchmark interest rates. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-45 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Derivative Instruments 

Receive-fixed Total risk management derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 Risk management derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 
 Swaps: (1) 
 Pay-fixed Receive-fixed ) ) Basis Foreign currency ) ) Swaptions: (1) 
 Pay-fixed ) ) Receive-fixed ) ) Total risk management derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) ) Netting adjustment (2) 
 ) ) Total risk management derivatives portfolio 
 ) ) Mortgage commitment derivatives: Mortgage commitments to purchase whole loans 
 ) ) Forward contracts to purchase mortgage-related securities 
 ) ) Forward contracts to sell mortgage-related securities 
 ) ) Total mortgage commitment derivatives 
 ) ) Credit enhancement derivatives ) ) Derivatives at fair value ) ) 
 (1) Centrally cleared derivatives have no ascribable fair value because the positions are settled daily. 
 (2) The netting adjustment represents the effect of the legal right to offset under legally enforceable master netting arrangements to settle with the same counterparty on a net basis, including cash collateral posted and received. Cash collateral posted was billion and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash collateral received was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-46 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Derivative Instruments 

) Receive-fixed ) ) Basis ) ) Foreign currency ) ) Swaptions: Pay-fixed ) Receive-fixed ) ) Futures ) ) Net contractual interest income (expense) on interest-rate swaps ) ) Total risk management derivatives fair value gains (losses), net ) Mortgage commitment derivatives fair value gains (losses), net ) Credit enhancement derivatives fair value gains (losses), net ) ) Total derivatives fair value gains (losses), net ) 
 
 ) ) Gains (losses) from fair value hedging relationships: 
 Mortgage loans HFI and related interest-rate contracts: 
 Hedged items 
 ) Discontinued hedge-related basis adjustment amortization 
 ) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 ) Interest accruals on derivative hedging instruments 
 ) Debt of Fannie Mae and related interest-rate contracts: 
 Hedged items 
 Discontinued hedge-related basis adjustment amortization 
 ) ) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 ) ) Interest accruals on derivative hedging instruments 
 ) Gains (losses) recognized in net interest income on fair value hedging relationships 
 ) ) 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-47 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Derivative Instruments 

) ) Debt of Fannie Mae ) N/A N/A 
 As of December 31, 2021 Carrying Amount Assets (Liabilities) 
 Cumulative Amount of Fair Value Hedging Basis Adjustments Included in the Carrying Amount 
 Closed Portfolio of Mortgage Loans Under Last-of-Layer Method 
 Total Basis Adjustments (1)(2) 
 Remaining Adjustments - Discontinued Hedge Total Amortized Cost 
 Designated UPB 
 (Dollars in millions) Mortgage loans HFI 
 Debt of Fannie Mae ) N/A N/A 
 (1) No basis adjustment associated with open hedges, as all hedges are designated at the close of business, with a one-day term. 
 (2) Based on the unamortized balance of the hedge-related cost basis. 
 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-48 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Income Taxes 

9. ) ) Deferred income tax benefit (provision) (1) 
 ) Provision for federal income taxes ) ) ) 
 
 Research tax credits ) Equity investments in affordable housing projects ) ) ) Valuation allowance Other ) ) Effective tax rate 
 
 Our effective tax rate is the provision for federal income taxes expressed as a percentage of income or loss before federal income taxes. Our effective tax rates for the years 2022, 2021, and 2020 were impacted by the benefits of our investments in housing projects eligible for low-income housing tax credits. Our effective tax rate for 2022 was also impacted by the benefit of the research tax credits claimed on current year and amended prior year returns, and the valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset relating to capital loss carryforwards. 

As of December 31, 2022, we continued to conclude that the positive evidence in favor of the recoverability of our deferred tax assets, except the deferred tax asset relating to capital loss carryforwards, outweighed the negative evidence and that it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized. For the deferred tax asset relating to capital loss carryforwards, we concluded that the negative evidence outweighed the positive evidence, and it is more likely than not that these capital loss carryforwards will not be utilized during the allowable five-year carryforward period, which will expire in 2027 if unused. Therefore, a valuation allowance has been recorded against our capital loss carryforward deferred tax asset, which is included in Other, net in the table below. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-49 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Income Taxes 

Allowance for loan losses and basis in acquired property, net Derivative instruments Partnership and other equity investments Interest-only securities Other, net Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Debt instruments Other, net Total deferred tax liabilities Valuation allowance ) Deferred tax assets, net 
 
 million of unrecognized tax benefits for the year ended December 31, 2022. If these positions were to resolve favorably, our effective tax would be reduced in future periods by million. We had unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 Our tax years 2019 through 2021 remain open to examination by the IRS. 
 
 10. 
 reportable business segments, which are based on the type of business activities each perform: Single-Family and Multifamily. Results of our business segments are intended to reflect each segment as if it were a stand-alone business. The sum of the results for our business segments equals our consolidated results of operations. 
 The section below provides a discussion of our business segments. 
 Single-Family Business Segment 
 Works with lenders to acquire and securitize single-family mortgage loans delivered to us by lenders into Fannie Mae MBS. 
 Issues structured Fannie Mae MBS backed by single-family mortgage assets and provides other services to single-family lenders. 
 Prices and manages the credit risk on loans in our single-family guaranty book of business. Also enters into transactions that transfer a portion of the credit risk on some of the loans in our single-family guaranty book of business to third parties. 
 Works to reduce costs of defaulted single-family loans through home retention solutions and foreclosure alternatives, management of foreclosures and our REO inventory, selling nonperforming loans and pursuing contractual remedies from lenders, servicers and providers of credit enhancements. 
 Multifamily Business Segment 
 Works with lenders to acquire and securitize multifamily mortgage loans delivered to us by lenders into Fannie Mae MBS. 
 Issues structured multifamily Fannie Mae MBS through our Fannie Mae Guaranteed Multifamily Structures Fannie Mae GeMS TM program and provides other services to our multifamily lenders. 
 Prices and manages the credit risk on loans in our multifamily guaranty book of business. Lenders retain a portion of the credit risk in most multifamily transactions. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-50 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Segment Reporting 

Multifamily Total assets 
 
 We operate our business solely in the United States and its territories, and accordingly, we generate no revenue from and have no long-lived assets, other than financial instruments, in geographic locations other than the United States and its territories. 
 Fee and other income (2) 
 Net revenues Investment losses, net (3) 
 ) ) ) Fair value gains (losses), net (4)(9) 
 ) Administrative expenses ) ) ) Provision for credit losses (5) 
 ) ) ) TCCA fees (6) 
 ) ) Credit enhancement expense (7) 
 ) ) ) Change in expected credit enhancement recoveries (8) 
 Other expenses, net ) ) ) Income before federal income taxes Provision for federal income taxes ) ) ) Net income 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-51 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Segment Reporting 

Fee and other income (2) 
 Net revenues Investment gains (losses), net (3) 
 ) Fair value gains (losses), net (4)(9) 
 ) Administrative expenses ) ) ) Benefit for credit losses (5) 
 TCCA fees (6) 
 ) ) Credit enhancement expense (7) 
 ) ) ) Change in expected credit enhancement recoveries (8) 
 ) ) ) Other expenses, net ) ) ) Income before federal income taxes Provision for federal income taxes ) ) ) Net income 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Single-Family Multifamily Total (Dollars in millions) Net interest income (1)(9) 
 Fee and other income (2) 
 Net revenues Investment gains, net (3) 
 Fair value gains (losses), net (4)(9) 
 ) ) Administrative expenses ) ) ) Provision for credit losses (5) 
 ) ) ) TCCA fees (6) 
 ) ) Credit enhancement expense (7) 
 ) ) ) Change in expected credit enhancement recoveries (8) 
 Other expenses, net ) ) ) Income before federal income taxes Provision for federal income taxes ) ) ) Net income 
 (1) Net interest income primarily consists of guaranty fees received as compensation for assuming and managing the credit risk on loans underlying Fannie Mae MBS held by third parties for the respective business segment, and the difference between the interest income earned on the respective business segment s mortgage assets in our retained mortgage portfolio and the interest expense associated with the debt funding those assets. Revenues from single-family guaranty fees include revenues generated by the 10 basis point increase in guaranty fees pursuant to the TCCA, the incremental revenue from which is remitted to Treasury and not retained by us. Also includes yield maintenance revenue we recognized on the prepayment of multifamily loans. 
 (2) Single-family fee and other income primarily consists of compensation for engaging in structured transactions and providing other lender services. Multifamily fee and other income consists of fees associated with Multifamily business activities, including credit enhancements for tax-exempt multifamily housing revenue bonds. 
 (3) Single-family investment gains and losses primarily consist of gains and losses on the sale of mortgage assets. Multifamily investment gains and losses primarily consist of gains and losses on resecuritization activity. 
 (4) Single-family fair value gains and losses primarily consist of fair value gains and losses on risk management and mortgage commitment derivatives, trading securities, fair value option debt, and other financial instruments associated with our single-family guaranty book of business. Multifamily fair value gains and losses primarily consist of fair value gains and losses on MBS commitment derivatives, trading securities and other financial instruments associated with our multifamily guaranty book of business. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-52 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Segment Reporting 

11. 
 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 During conservatorship, the rights and powers of shareholders are suspended. Accordingly, our common shareholders have no ability to elect directors or to vote on other matters during the conservatorship unless FHFA elects to delegate this authority to them. The senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury prohibits the payment of dividends on common stock without the prior written consent of Treasury. The conservator also has eliminated common stock dividends. In addition, we issued a warrant to Treasury that provides Treasury with the right to purchase for a nominal price shares of our common stock equal to of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis on the date of exercise, which would substantially dilute the ownership in Fannie Mae of our common stockholders at the time of exercise. Refer to the Senior Preferred Stock and Common Stock Warrant section of this note for more information. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-53 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Equity 

(1) 
 N/A (2) 
 N/A (3) 
 Preferred Stock Series D September 30, 1998 September 30, 1999 Series E April 15, 1999 April 15, 2004 Series F March 20, 2000 (4) 
 March 31, 2002 (5) 
 Series G August 8, 2000 (6) 
 September 30, 2002 (5) 
 Series H April 6, 2001 April 6, 2006 Series I October 28, 2002 October 28, 2007 Series L April 29, 2003 April 29, 2008 Series M June 10, 2003 June 10, 2008 Series N September 25, 2003 September 25, 2008 Series O December 30, 2004 (7) 
 December 31, 2007 Convertible Series 2004-I (8) 
 December 30, 2004 January 5, 2008 Series P September 28, 2007 (9) 
 September 30, 2012 Series Q October 4, 2007 September 30, 2010 Series R (10) 
 November 21, 2007 November 21, 2012 Series S December 11, 2007 (11) 
 December 31, 2010 (12) 
 Series T (13) 
 May 19, 2008 May 20, 2013 Total 
 (1) Initial stated value per share was . Based on our draws of funds under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury, the stated value per share on December 31, 2022 was . 
 (2) Dividends on the senior preferred stock are currently calculated based on our net worth as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter less an applicable capital reserve amount. The capital reserve amount, starting with the quarterly dividend period ending on December 31, 2020, increased to the amount of adjusted total capital necessary for us to meet the capital requirements and buffers set forth in the enterprise regulatory capital framework described in Note 12, Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
 (3) Any liquidation preference of our senior preferred stock in excess of billion may be repaid through an issuance of common or preferred stock, which would require the consent of the conservator and Treasury. The initial billion liquidation preference may be repaid only in conjunction with termination of Treasury s funding commitment under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. 
 (4) Rate effective March 31, 2022. Variable dividend rate resets every two years at a per annum rate equal to the two-year Constant Maturity U.S. Treasury Rate CMT minus with a cap of per year. 
 (5) Represents initial call date. Redeemable every years thereafter. 
 (6) Rate effective September 30, 2022. Variable dividend rate resets every two years at a per annum rate equal to the two-year CMT rate minus with a cap of per year. 
 (7) Rate effective December 31, 2022. Variable dividend rate resets quarterly thereafter at a per annum rate equal to the greater of or 10-year CMT rate plus . 
 (8) Issued and outstanding shares were as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (9) Rate effective December 31, 2022. Variable dividend rate resets quarterly thereafter at a per annum rate equal to the greater of or 3-Month LIBOR plus . 
 (10) On November 21, 2007, we issued million shares of preferred stock in the amount of million. Subsequent to the initial issuance, we issued an additional million shares in the amount of million on December 14, 2007 under the same terms as the initial issuance. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-54 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Equity 

or 3-Month LIBOR plus . 
 (12) Represents initial call date. Redeemable every years thereafter. 
 (13) On May 19, 2008, we issued million shares of preferred stock in the amount of billion. Subsequent to the initial issuance, we issued an additional million shares in the amount of million on May 22, 2008 and million shares in the amount of million on June 4, 2008 under the same terms as the initial issuance. 
 As described under Senior Preferred Stock and Common Stock Warrant below, we issued senior preferred stock that ranks senior to all other series of preferred stock as to both dividends and distributions upon dissolution, liquidation or winding down of the company. The senior preferred stock purchase agreement with Treasury also prohibits the payment of dividends on preferred stock (other than the senior preferred stock) without the prior written consent of Treasury. The conservator also has eliminated preferred stock dividends, other than dividends on the senior preferred stock. 
 Each series of our preferred stock has no par value, is non-participating, is non-voting and has a liquidation preference equal to the stated value per share. None of our preferred stock is convertible into or exchangeable for any of our other stock or obligations, with the exception of the Convertible Series 2004-1. 
 Shares of the Convertible Series 2004-1 Preferred Stock are convertible at any time, at the option of the holders, into shares of Fannie Mae common stock at a conversion price of per share of common stock (equivalent to a conversion rate of shares of common stock for each share of Series 2004-1 Preferred Stock). The conversion price is adjustable, as necessary, to maintain the stated conversion rate into common stock. Events which may trigger an adjustment to the conversion price include certain changes in our common stock dividend rate, subdivisions of our outstanding common stock into a greater number of shares, combinations of our outstanding common stock into a smaller number of shares and issuances of any shares by reclassification of our common stock. No such events have occurred. 
 Holders of preferred stock (other than the senior preferred stock) are entitled to receive non-cumulative, quarterly dividends when, and if, declared by our Board of Directors, but have no right to require redemption of any shares of preferred stock. Payment of dividends on preferred stock (other than the senior preferred stock) is not mandatory but has priority over payment of dividends on common stock, which are also declared by the Board of Directors. If dividends on the preferred stock are not paid or set aside for payment for a given dividend period, dividends may not be paid on our common stock for that period. There were no dividends declared or paid on preferred stock for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 After a specified period, we have the option to redeem preferred stock (other than the senior preferred stock) at its redemption price plus the dividend (whether or not declared) for the then-current period accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption. The redemption price is equal to the stated value for all issues of preferred stock except Series O, which has a redemption price of to depending on the year of redemption and Convertible Series 2004-1, which has a redemption price of per share. 
 Our preferred stock is traded in the over-the-counter market. 
 Senior Preferred Stock and Common Stock Warrant 
 On September 8, 2008, we issued to Treasury shares of Variable Liquidation Preference Senior Preferred Stock, Series 2008-2, with an aggregate stated value and initial liquidation preference of billion. On September 7, 2008, we issued a warrant to purchase common stock to Treasury. The warrant gives Treasury the right to purchase shares of our common stock equal to of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis on the date of exercise. The senior preferred stock and the warrant were issued to Treasury as an initial commitment fee in consideration of the commitment from Treasury to provide funds to us under the terms and conditions set forth in the senior preferred stock purchase agreement. We did not receive any cash proceeds as a result of issuing these shares or the warrant. We have assigned a value of billion to Treasury s commitment, which was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in-capital at the time of the issuance and was partially offset by the aggregate fair value of the warrant. There was no impact to the total balance of stockholders equity as a result of the issuance. 
 Variable Liquidation Preference Senior Preferred Stock, Series 2008-2 
 Dividend Provisions 
 As a result of the January 2021 letter agreement, the dividend rate and liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock depend on whether we have reached the capital reserve end date, which is defined in the January 2021 letter agreement as the last day of the second consecutive fiscal quarter during which we have had and maintained capital equal to, or in excess of, all of the capital requirements and buffers under the enterprise regulatory capital framework discussed in Note 12, Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-55 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Equity 

per share, for an aggregate initial liquidation preference of billion. 
 Under the terms that currently govern the senior preferred stock, the aggregate liquidation preference will be increased by the following: 
 any amounts Treasury pays to us pursuant to its funding commitment under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement (as of the date of this filing, the cumulative amount Treasury has paid to us under its funding commitment is billion); 
 any quarterly commitment fees that are payable but not paid in cash (no such fees have become payable, nor will such fees be set until the capital reserve end date); 
 any dividends that are payable but not paid in cash to Treasury, regardless of whether or not they are declared; and 
 at the end of each fiscal quarter through and including the capital reserve end date, an amount equal to the increase in our net worth, if any, during the immediately prior fiscal quarter. 
 The aggregate liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock was billion as of December 31, 2022 and will further increase to billion as of March 31, 2023, due to the billion increase in our net worth during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The senior preferred stock ranks ahead of our common stock and all other outstanding series of our preferred stock, as well as any capital stock we issue in the future, as to both dividends and rights upon liquidation. As a result, if we are liquidated, the holder of the senior preferred stock is entitled to its then current liquidation preference before any distribution is made to the holders of our common stock or other preferred stock. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-56 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Equity 

billion in aggregate gross cash proceeds from the issuance of common stock, must be used to pay down the liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock; however, the liquidation preference of each share of senior preferred stock may not be paid down below per share prior to the termination of Treasury s funding commitment. Following the termination of Treasury s funding commitment, we may pay down the liquidation preference of all outstanding shares of senior preferred stock at any time, in whole or in part. 
 Limitations on Dividends, Distributions, etc. 
 The senior preferred stock provides that we may not declare or pay dividends on, make distributions with respect to, or redeem, purchase or acquire, or make a liquidation payment with respect to, any common stock or other securities ranking junior to the senior preferred stock unless (1) full cumulative dividends on the outstanding senior preferred stock (including any unpaid dividends added to the liquidation preference) have been declared and paid in cash; and (2) all amounts required to be paid with the net proceeds of any issuance of capital stock for cash (as described in the preceding paragraph) have been paid in cash. 
 Common Stock Warrant 
 The warrant gives Treasury the right to purchase shares of our common stock equal to of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis on the date the warrant is exercised. The warrant may be exercised in whole or in part at any time on or before September 7, 2028, by delivery to Fannie Mae of: 
 a notice of exercise; 
 payment of the exercise price of per share; and 
 the warrant. 
 If the market price of one share of common stock is greater than the exercise price, in lieu of exercising the warrant by payment of the exercise price, Treasury may elect to receive shares equal to the value of the warrant (or portion thereof being canceled) pursuant to the formula specified in the warrant. Upon exercise of the warrant, Treasury may assign the right to receive the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise to any other person. If the warrant is exercised, the stated value of the common stock issued will be reclassified as Common stock in our consolidated balance sheets. As of February 14, 2023, Treasury has not exercised the warrant. 
 Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with Treasury 
 Funding Commitment 
 Under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement, Treasury made a commitment to provide funding, under certain conditions, to eliminate deficits in our net worth. As of December 31, 2022, Treasury has provided us with a total of billion under its senior preferred stock purchase agreement funding commitment, and the amount of funding remaining available to us under the agreement was billion. 
 If we were to have a net worth deficit in a future period, we would be required to obtain additional funding from Treasury pursuant to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement to avoid being placed into receivership. If we were to draw additional funds from Treasury under the agreement with respect to a future period, the amount of remaining funding under the agreement would be reduced by the amount of our draw. 
 The senior preferred stock purchase agreement provides that the deficiency amount will be calculated differently if we become subject to receivership or other liquidation process. The deficiency amount may be increased above the otherwise applicable amount upon our mutual written agreement with Treasury. In addition, if the Director of FHFA determines that the Director will be mandated by law to appoint a receiver for us unless our capital is increased by receiving funds under the commitment in an amount up to the deficiency amount (subject to the maximum amount that may be funded under the agreement), then FHFA, in its capacity as our conservator, may request that Treasury provide funds to us in such amount. The senior preferred stock purchase agreement also provides that, if we have a deficiency amount as of the date of completion of the liquidation of our assets, we may request funds from Treasury in an amount up to the deficiency amount (subject to the maximum amount that may be funded under the agreement). Any amounts 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-57 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Equity 

billion in aggregate gross cash proceeds from the issuance of common stock, must be used to pay down the liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock; 
 terminating or seeking to terminate our conservatorship, other than through a receivership, except that, as revised by the January 2021 letter agreement, FHFA can terminate our conservatorship without the prior consent of Treasury if several conditions are met, including (1) all currently pending significant litigation relating to the conservatorship and the August 2012 amendment to the senior preferred stock purchase agreement has been resolved, and (2) for two or more consecutive quarters, our common equity tier 1 capital (as defined in the enterprise regulatory capital framework), together with any stockholder equity that would result from a firm commitment public underwritten offering of common stock which is fully consummated concurrent with the termination of conservatorship, equals or exceeds at least 3 of our adjusted total assets (as defined in the enterprise regulatory capital framework); 
 selling, transferring, leasing or otherwise disposing of any assets, except for dispositions for fair market value in limited circumstances including if (a) the transaction is in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice or (b) the assets have a fair market value individually or in the aggregate of less than million; 
 issuing subordinated debt; 
 entering into a corporate reorganization, recapitalization, merger, acquisition or similar event; and 
 engaging in transactions with affiliates other than on arm s-length terms or in the ordinary course of business. 
 Covenants in the senior preferred stock purchase agreement also subject us to limits on the amount of mortgage assets that we may own and the total amount of our indebtedness. 
 Mortgage Asset Limit. The senior preferred stock purchase agreement limits the amount of mortgage assets we are permitted to own to billion. We are currently managing our business to a billion mortgage asset cap pursuant to instructions from FHFA. Our mortgage assets as of December 31, 2022 were billion, which includes 10 of the notional value of interest-only securities we hold. This adjustment is based on instruction from FHFA for the purpose of measuring mortgage assets against the cap. 
 Debt Limit. Our debt limit under the senior preferred stock purchase agreement is set at of the amount of mortgage assets we were allowed to own under the agreement on December 31 of the immediately preceding calendar year. This debt limit is currently billion. As calculated for this purpose, our indebtedness as of December 31, 2022 was billion. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-58 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Equity 

Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-59 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Equity 

12. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-60 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Regulatory Capital Requirements 

billion) and other amounts specified in footnote 2 to the table below. Because of these exclusions, we had a deficit in available capital as of December 31, 2022, even though we had positive net worth under GAAP of billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a billion shortfall of our available capital (deficit) to the adjusted total capital requirement (including buffers) of billion under the standardized approach of the rule as shown in the table below. As of December 31, 2022, our risk-based adjusted total capital requirement (including buffers) represented the amount of capital needed to be fully capitalized under the standardized approach to the rule. Risk-weighted assets Amounts Ratios Available 
 Capital (Deficit) (2) 
 Minimum Capital Requirement Total Capital Requirement (including Buffers) (4) 
 Available Capital (Deficit) Ratio (3) 
 Minimum Capital Ratio Requirement Total Capital Requirement Ratio (including Buffers) Risk-based capital: Total capital (statutory) (5) 
 ) ) Common equity tier 1 capital ) ) Tier 1 capital ) ) Adjusted total capital ) ) Leverage capital: Core capital (statutory) (6) 
 ) ) Tier 1 capital ) ) 
 billion). Available capital (deficit) for all line items except total capital and core capital also deducts a portion of deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences between GAAP and tax requirements are deducted from capital to the extent they exceed 10 of common equity. As of December 31, 2022, this resulted in the full deduction of deferred tax assets billion) from our available capital (deficit). Available capital (deficit) for common equity tier 1 capital also excludes the value of the non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock billion). 
 (3) Ratios are negative because we had a deficit in available capital for each tier of capital. 
 (4) The applicable buffer for common equity tier 1 capital, tier 1 capital, and adjusted total capital is the PCCBA, which is composed of a stress capital buffer, a stability capital buffer, and a countercyclical capital buffer. The applicable buffer for tier 1 capital (leverage based) is the PLBA. The stress capital buffer and countercyclical capital buffer are each calculated by multiplying prescribed factors by adjusted total assets as of the last day of the previous calendar quarter. The 2022 stability capital buffer is calculated by multiplying a factor determined based on our share of mortgage debt outstanding by adjusted total assets as of December 31, 2020. The prescribed leverage buffer for 2022 is set at 50 of the 2022 stability buffer. Going forward the stability buffer and the prescribed leverage buffer will be updated with an effective date that depends on whether the stability capital buffer increases or decreases relative to the previously calculated value. 
 (5) The sum of (a) core capital (see definition in footnote 6 below); and (b) a general allowance for foreclosure losses, which (i) shall include an allowance for portfolio mortgage losses, an allowance for non-reimbursable foreclosure costs on government claims, and an allowance for liabilities reflected on the balance sheet for estimated foreclosure losses on mortgage-backed securities; and (ii) shall not include any reserves made or held against specific assets; and (c) any other amounts from sources of funds available to absorb losses that the Director of FHFA by regulation determines are appropriate to include in determining total capital. 
 (6) The sum of (a) the stated value of our outstanding common stock (common stock less treasury stock); (b) the stated value of our outstanding perpetual non-cumulative preferred stock; (c) our paid-in capital; and (d) our retained earnings (accumulated deficit). Core capital does not include: (a) accumulated other comprehensive income or (b) senior preferred stock. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-61 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Regulatory Capital Requirements 

. While it is not applicable until the date of termination of our conservatorship, our maximum payout ratio represents the percentage of eligible retained income that we are permitted to pay out in the form of distributions or discretionary bonus payments under the enterprise regulatory capital framework. The maximum payout ratio for a given quarter is the lowest of the payout ratios determined by our capital conservation buffer and our leverage buffer. 
 Restrictions on Capital Distributions and Dividends 
 Statutory Restrictions. Under the GSE Act, FHFA has authority to prohibit capital distributions, including payment of dividends, if we fail to meet our capital requirements. If FHFA classifies us as significantly undercapitalized, the approval of the Director of FHFA is required for any dividend payment. Under the Charter Act and the GSE Act, we are not permitted to make a capital distribution if, after making the distribution, we would be undercapitalized. The Director of FHFA, however, may permit us to repurchase shares if the repurchase is made in connection with the issuance of additional shares or obligations in at least an equivalent amount and will reduce our financial obligations or otherwise improve our financial condition. 
 Restrictions Relating to Conservatorship. Our conservator announced on September 7, 2008 that we would not pay any dividends on the common stock or on any series of preferred stock, other than the senior preferred stock. In addition, FHFA s regulations relating to conservatorship and receivership operations prohibit us from paying any dividends while in conservatorship unless authorized by the Director of FHFA. The Director of FHFA has directed us to make dividend payments on the senior preferred stock on a quarterly basis for every dividend period for which dividends were payable. 
 Restrictions Under Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement and Senior Preferred Stock. The senior preferred stock purchase agreement prohibits us from declaring or paying any dividends on Fannie Mae equity securities (other than the senior preferred stock) without the prior written consent of Treasury. In addition, the provisions of the senior preferred stock provide for dividends each quarter through and including the capital reserve end date in the amount, if any, by which our net worth as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter exceeds an applicable capital reserve amount. Starting with the quarterly dividend period ending on December 31, 2020, the applicable capital reserve amount is the amount of adjusted total capital necessary for us to meet the capital requirements and buffers set forth in the enterprise regulatory capital framework. The capital reserve end date is defined as the last day of the second consecutive fiscal quarter during which we have had and maintained capital equal to, or in excess of, all of the capital requirements and buffers under the enterprise regulatory capital framework. After the capital reserve end date, the amount of quarterly dividends to Treasury will be equal to the lesser of any quarterly increase in our net worth and a 10 annual rate on the then-current liquidation preference of the senior preferred stock. As a result, our ability to retain earnings in excess of the capital requirements and buffers set forth in the enterprise regulatory capital framework will be limited. For more information on the terms of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement and senior preferred stock, see Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 11, Equity. 
 Additional Restrictions Relating to Preferred Stock. Payment of dividends on our common stock is also subject to the prior payment of dividends on our preferred stock and our senior preferred stock. Payment of dividends on all outstanding preferred stock, other than the senior preferred stock, is also subject to the prior payment of dividends on the senior preferred stock. 
 While not currently applicable, our payment of dividends and capital distributions will be subject to the following restrictions under the enterprise regulatory capital framework effective on the date of termination of our conservatorship: 
 Restrictions Under Enterprise Regulatory Capital Framework. During a calendar quarter, we will not be permitted to pay dividends or make any other capital distributions (or create an obligation to make such distributions) that, in the aggregate, exceed the amount equal to our eligible retained income for the quarter multiplied by our maximum payout ratio. The maximum payout ratio for a given quarter is the lowest of the payout ratios determined by our capital conservation buffer and our leverage buffer. We will not be subject to this limitation on distributions if we have a capital conservation buffer that is greater than our prescribed capital conservation buffer amount and a leverage buffer that is greater than our prescribed leverage buffer amount. Notwithstanding the above-described limitations, FHFA may permit us to make a distribution upon our request, if FHFA determines that the distribution would not be contrary to the purposes of this section of the enterprise regulatory capital framework or to our safety and soundness. We will not be permitted to make any distributions during a quarter if our eligible retained income is negative and either (a) our capital conservation buffer is less than our stress capital buffer or (b) our leverage buffer is less than our prescribed leverage buffer amount. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-62 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Concentrations of Credit Risk 

13. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-63 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Concentrations of Credit Risk 

Northeast Southeast Southwest West Total 
 (1) Midwest consists of IL, IN, IA, MI, MN, NE, ND, OH, SD and WI. Northeast consists of CT, DE, ME, MA, NH, NJ, NY, PA, PR, RI, VT and VI. Southeast consists of AL, DC, FL, GA, KY, MD, MS, NC, SC, TN, VA and WV. Southwest consists of AZ, AR, CO, KS, LA, MO, NM, OK, TX and UT. West consists of AK, CA, GU, HI, ID, MT, NV, OR, WA and WY. 
 
 We report the delinquency status of our single-family and multifamily guaranty book of business below. We report loans receiving COVID-19-related payment forbearance as delinquent according to the contractual terms of the loans. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-64 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Concentrations of Credit Risk 

days or more past due or in the foreclosure process, and loans that have higher risk characteristics, such as high mark-to-market LTV ratios. 
 Percentage of single-family conventional loans based on loan count 
 90.01 to 100 Greater than 100 Geographical distribution: California Florida Illinois New Jersey New York All other states Vintages: 2008 and prior 2009-2022 
 Represents less than 0.5 of single-family conventional book of business. 
 (1) Based on loan count, consists of single-family conventional loans that were days or more past due or in the foreclosure process as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-65 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Concentrations of Credit Risk 

days or more past due, and loans with other higher risk characteristics to determine our overall credit quality of our multifamily book of business. Higher risk characteristics include, but are not limited to, current DSCR below and original LTV ratios greater than 80 . We stratify multifamily loans into different internal risk categories based on the credit risk inherent in each individual loan. 
 
 Less than or equal to 80 Current DSCR below 1.0 (4) 
 
 (1) 
 days or more past due as of the dates indicated. 
 (3) Calculated based on the unpaid principal balance of multifamily loans that were seriously delinquent divided by the aggregate unpaid principal balance of multifamily loans for each category included in our multifamily guaranty book of business. 
 (4) For 2022, our estimates of current DSCRs are based on the latest available income information from quarterly and annual statements for these properties including the related debt service. For 2021, our estimates of current DSCRs are based on the latest available annual statements. 
 
 Pool mortgage insurance Total mortgage insurance risk in force 
 Mortgage insurance only covers losses that are realized after the borrower defaults and title to the property is subsequently transferred, such as after a foreclosure, short-sale, or a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. Also, mortgage insurance does not protect us from all losses on covered loans. For example, mortgage insurance does not cover 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-66 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Concentrations of Credit Risk 

Arch Capital Group Ltd. Radian Guaranty, Inc. Enact Mortgage Insurance Corp. (2) 
 Essent Guaranty, Inc. National Mortgage Insurance Corp. Others Total 
 (1) Insurance coverage amounts provided for each counterparty may include coverage provided by affiliates and subsidiaries of the counterparty. 
 (2) Genworth Mortgage Insurance Corp. was renamed Enact Mortgage Insurance Corp. effective February 7, 2022. 
 We have counterparty credit risk relating to the potential insolvency of, or non-performance by, monoline mortgage insurers that insure single-family loans we purchase or guarantee. There is risk that these counterparties may fail to fulfill their obligations to pay our claims under insurance policies. On at least a quarterly basis, we assess our mortgage insurer counterparties respective abilities to fulfill their obligations to us. Our assessment includes financial reviews and analyses of the insurers portfolios and capital adequacy. If we determine that it is probable that we will not collect all of our claims from one or more of our mortgage insurer counterparties, it could increase our loss reserves, which could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and net worth. 
 When we estimate the credit losses that are inherent in our mortgage loans and under the terms of our guaranty obligations, we also consider the recoveries that we expect to receive from primary mortgage insurance, as mortgage insurance recoveries reduce the severity of the loss associated with defaulted loans if the borrower defaults and title to the property is subsequently transferred. Mortgage insurance does not cover credit losses that result from a reduction in mortgage interest paid by the borrower in connection with a loan modification, forbearance of principal, or forbearance of scheduled loan payments. We evaluate the financial condition of our mortgage insurer counterparties and adjust the contractually due recovery amounts to ensure that expected credit losses as of the balance sheet date are included in our loss reserve estimate. As a result, if our assessment of one or more of our mortgage insurer counterparties ability to fulfill their respective obligations to us worsens, it could increase our loss reserves. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our estimated benefit from mortgage insurance, which is based on estimated credit losses as of period end, reduced our loss reserves by billion and million, respectively. 
 We had outstanding receivables of million recorded in Other assets in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021 related to amounts claimed on insured, defaulted loans excluding government-insured loans. We assessed these outstanding receivables for collectability, and established a valuation allowance of million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021, which reduced our claim receivable to the amount considered probable of collection. 
 Mortgage Servicers and Sellers. Mortgage servicers collect mortgage and escrow payments from borrowers, pay taxes and insurance costs from escrow accounts, monitor and report delinquencies, and perform other required activities, including loss mitigation, on our behalf. Our mortgage servicers and sellers may also be obligated to repurchase loans or foreclosed properties, reimburse us for losses or provide other remedies under certain circumstances, such as if it is determined that the mortgage loan did not meet our underwriting or eligibility requirements, if certain loan 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-67 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Concentrations of Credit Risk 

Remaining top five depository servicers Top five non-depository servicers Total 
 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (together with its affiliates) Remaining top five servicers Total 
 Multifamily Lenders with Risk Sharing. We enter into risk sharing agreements with lenders pursuant to which the lenders agree to bear all or some portion of the credit losses on the covered loans. Our maximum potential loss recovery from lenders under these risk sharing agreements on both DUS and non-DUS multifamily loans was billion as of December 31, 2022, compared with billion as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, of our maximum potential loss recovery on multifamily loans was from five DUS lenders, as compared with as of December 31, 2021. 
 Derivatives Counterparties. For information on credit risk associated with our derivative transactions and repurchase agreements see Note 8, Derivative Instruments and Note 14, Netting Arrangements. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-68 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Netting Arrangements 

14. 
 ) Cleared risk management derivatives 
 Mortgage commitment derivatives 
 ) ) Total derivative assets ) (4) 
 ) ) Securities purchased under agreements to resell (5) 
 ) Total assets ) ) )) ) ) Cleared risk management derivatives Mortgage commitment derivatives 
 ) ) ) Total liabilities ) ) (4) 
 ) 
 As of December 31, 2021 Gross Amount Offset (1) 
 Net Amount Presented in our Consolidated Balance Sheets Amounts Not Offset in our Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amount Financial Instruments (2) 
 Collateral (3) 
 Net Amount (Dollars in millions) Assets: OTC risk management derivatives 
 ) Cleared risk management derivatives 
 Mortgage commitment derivatives 
 ) Total derivative assets ) (4) 
 ) Securities purchased under agreements to resell (5) 
 ) Total assets ) ) ) Liabilities: OTC risk management derivatives 
 ) ) ) Cleared risk management derivatives ) ) Mortgage commitment derivatives 
 ) ) ) Total liabilities ) ) (4) 
 ) 
 (1) Represents the effect of the right to offset under legally enforceable master netting arrangements to settle with the same counterparty on a net basis, including cash collateral posted and received and accrued interest. 
 (2) Mortgage commitment derivative amounts reflect where we have recognized both an asset and a liability with the same counterparty under an enforceable master netting arrangement but we have not elected to offset the related amounts in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-69 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Netting Arrangements 

billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value of non-cash collateral received was billion and billion, of which billion and billion could be sold or repledged as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. of the underlying collateral was sold or repledged as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (4) Excludes derivative assets recognized in our consolidated balance sheets of million as of December 31, 2022, and derivative liabilities recognized in our consolidated balance sheets of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, that were not subject to enforceable master netting arrangements. We had derivative assets recognized in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021 that were not subject to enforceable master netting arrangements. 
 (5) Includes billion and billion of securities purchased under agreements to resell classified as Cash and cash equivalents in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Includes billion and billion in securities purchased under agreements to resell classified as Restricted cash and cash equivalents in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The following is a description, under various agreements, of the nature of those rights and their effect or potential effect on our financial position. 
 The terms of the majority of our contracts for OTC risk management derivatives are governed under master agreements of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. ISDA ). These agreements provide that all transactions entered into under the agreement with the counterparty constitute a single contractual relationship. An event of default by the counterparty allows the early termination of all outstanding transactions under the same ISDA agreement and we may offset all outstanding amounts related to the terminated transactions including collateral posted or received. 
 The terms of our contracts for cleared derivatives are governed under the rules of the clearing organization and the agreement between us and the clearing member of that clearing organization. In the event of a clearing organization default, all open positions at the clearing organization are closed and a net position (on a clearing member by clearing member basis) is calculated. Unless otherwise transferred, in the event of a clearing member default, all open positions cleared through that clearing member are closed and a net position is calculated. 
 The terms of our contracts for mortgage commitment derivatives are primarily governed by the Fannie Mae Single-Family Selling Guide Selling Guide ), for Fannie Mae-approved lenders, or Master Securities Forward Transaction Agreements MSFTA ), for counterparties that are not Fannie Mae-approved lenders. In the event of default by the counterparty, both the Selling Guide and the MSFTA allow us to terminate all outstanding transactions under the applicable agreement and offset all outstanding amounts related to the terminated transactions including collateral posted or received. Under the Selling Guide, upon a lender event of default, we generally may offset any amounts owed to a lender against any amounts a lender may owe us under any other existing agreement, regardless of whether or not such other agreements are in default or payments are immediately due. 
 The terms of our contracts for securities purchased under agreements to resell are governed by Master Repurchase Agreements, which are based on the guidelines prescribed by the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. Master Repurchase Agreements provide that all transactions under the agreement constitute a single contractual relationship. An event of default by the counterparty allows the early termination of all outstanding transactions under the same agreement and we may offset all outstanding amounts related to the terminated transactions including collateral posted or received. 
 In addition to these contractual relationships, we are also a clearing member of two divisions of Fixed Income Clearing Corporation FICC ), a central counterparty CCP ). One FICC division clears our trades involving securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and other non-mortgage related securities. The other division clears our forward purchase and sale commitments of mortgage-related securities, including dollar roll transactions. As a result of these trades, we are required to post initial and variation margin payments as well as settle certain positions daily in cash. As a clearing member of FICC, we are exposed to the risk that the FICC or one or more of the CCP s clearing members fails to perform its obligations as described below. 
 A default by or the financial or operational failure of FICC would require us to replace contracts cleared through FICC, thereby increasing operational costs and potentially resulting in losses. 
 We may also be exposed to losses if a clearing member of FICC defaults on its obligations as each clearing member is required to absorb a portion of those fellow-clearing member losses. As a result, we could lose the margin that we have posted to FICC. Moreover, our exposure could exceed the amount of margin that we 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-70 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Netting Arrangements 

15. 
 
 Recurring Changes in Fair Value 
 Non-mortgage-related (3) 
 Total trading securities Available-for-sale securities: Agency (4) 
 Other mortgage-related Total available-for-sale securities Mortgage loans Derivative assets ) Total assets at fair value ) Liabilities: Long-term debt: Of Fannie Mae Of consolidated trusts Total long-term debt Derivative liabilities ) Total liabilities at fair value ) 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-71 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Fair Value 

 Trading securities: Mortgage-related Non-mortgage-related (3) 
 Total trading securities Available-for-sale securities: Agency (4) 
 Other mortgage-related Total available-for-sale securities Mortgage loans Derivative assets ) Total assets at fair value ) Liabilities: Long-term debt: Of Fannie Mae Of consolidated trusts Total long-term debt Derivative liabilities ) Total liabilities at fair value ) 
 (1) Derivative contracts are reported on a gross basis by level. The netting adjustment represents the effect of the legal right to offset under legally enforceable master netting arrangements to settle with the same counterparty on a net basis, including cash collateral posted and received. 
 (2) Cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents are composed of U.S. Treasury securities that have a maturity at the date of acquisition of three months or less. 
 (3) Primarily includes U.S. Treasury securities. 
 (4) Agency securities consist of securities issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-72 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Fair Value 

Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in OCI Related to Assets and Liabilities Still Held as of December 31, 2022 (1) 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 Included in Total OCI (Loss) (1) 
 Purchases (2) 
 Sales (2) 
 Issues (3) 
 Settlements (3) 
 Transfers out of Level 3 Transfers into 
 Level 3 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in millions) Trading securities: Mortgage-related ) (5)(6) 
 ) ) ) Available-for-sale securities: Agency ) ) ) Other mortgage-related ) ) ) ) ) Total available-for-sale securities ) (6)(7) 
 ) ) ) ) Mortgage loans ) (5)(6) 
 ) ) ) ) Net derivatives ) (5) 
 ) ) Long-term debt: Of Fannie Mae ) (5) 
 ) Of consolidated trusts ) (5)(6) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Total Gains (Losses) 
 (Realized/Unrealized) 
 
 Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in OCI Related to Assets and Liabilities Still Held as of December 31, 2021 (1) 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 
 Included in Total OCI (Loss) (1) 
 Purchases (2) 
 Sales (2) 
 Issues (3) 
 Settlements (3) 
 Transfers out of Level 3 Transfers into 
 Level 3 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 (Dollars in millions) Trading securities: Mortgage-related ) (5)(6) 
 ) Available-for-sale securities: Agency 
 ) ) ) Other mortgage-related ) ) ) Total available-for-sale securities (6)(7) 
 ) ) ) Mortgage loans (5)(6) 
 ) ) ) Net derivatives ) (5) 
 ) Long-term debt: Of Fannie Mae ) (5) 
 ) Of consolidated trusts ) ) (5)(6) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-73 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Fair Value 

Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in OCI Related to Assets and Liabilities Still Held as of December 31, 2020 (1) 
 Balance, December 31, 2019 
 
 Included in Total OCI (Loss) (1) 
 Purchases (2) 
 Sales (2) 
 Issues (3) 
 Settlements (3) 
 Transfers out of Level 3 Transfers into 
 Level 3 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 (Dollars in millions) Trading securities: Mortgage-related ) (5)(6) 
 ) ) ) ) Available-for-sale securities: Agency ) ) ) Other mortgage-related ) ) Total available-for-sale securities ) (6)(7) 
 ) ) ) Mortgage loans (5)(6) 
 ) ) ) Net derivatives (5) 
 ) Long-term debt: Of Fannie Mae ) ) (5) 
 ) ) Of consolidated trusts ) ) (5)(6) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Gains (losses) are included in Other comprehensive loss in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 (2) Purchases and sales include activity related to the consolidation and deconsolidation of assets of securitization trusts. 
 (3) Issues and settlements include activity related to the consolidation and deconsolidation of liabilities of securitization trusts. 
 (4) Amount represents temporary changes in fair value. Amortization, accretion and the impairment of credit losses are not considered unrealized and are not included in this amount. 
 (5) Gains (losses) are included in Fair value gains (losses), net i n our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 (6) Gains (losses) included in Net interest income in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income includes amortization of cost basis adjustments. 
 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-74 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Fair Value 

 Various Available-for-sale securities: Agency (3) 
 Consensus Other mortgage-related Discounted Cash Flow Spreads (bps) - Single Vendor Various Total other mortgage-related 
 Total available-for-sale securities Net derivatives Dealer Mark ) Discounted Cash Flow Total net derivatives ) 
 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2021 
 Fair Value Significant Valuation Techniques Significant Unobservable Inputs (1) 
 Range (1) 
 Weighted - Average (1)(2) 
 (Dollars in millions) Recurring fair value measurements: Trading securities: Mortgage-related (3) 
 Various Available-for-sale securities: Agency (3) 
 Consensus 
 Various 
 Total Agency Other mortgage-related Discounted Cash Flow 
 Spreads (bps) 
 - Single Vendor Spreads (bps) - Various 
 Total other mortgage-related 
 Total available-for-sale securities Net derivatives Dealer Mark 
 ) Discounted Cash Flow 
 Total net derivatives 
 (1) Valuation techniques for which no unobservable inputs are disclosed generally reflect the use of third-party pricing services or dealers, and the range of unobservable inputs applied by these sources is not readily available or cannot be reasonably estimated. Where we have disclosed unobservable inputs for consensus and single vendor techniques, those inputs are based on our validations performed at the security level using discounted cash flows. 
 (2) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the instruments. 
 (3) Includes Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac securities. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-75 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Fair Value 

 We held Level 1 assets or liabilities that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. We held million and million in Level 2 assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, composed of mortgage loans held for sale that were impaired. We had Level 2 or Level 3 liabilities that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Single Vendor Total mortgage loans held for sale, at lower of cost or fair value Single-family mortgage loans held for investment, at amortized cost Internal Model Multifamily mortgage loans held for investment, at amortized cost Appraisal Broker Price Opinion Internal Model Total multifamily mortgage loans held for investment, at amortized cost Acquired property, net: Single-family Accepted Offer Appraisal Internal Model Walk Forward Various Total single-family Multifamily Various Total nonrecurring assets at fair value 
 (1) When we measure impairment, including recoveries, based on the fair value of the loan or the underlying collateral and impairment is recorded on any component of the mortgage loan, including accrued interest receivable and amounts due from the borrower for advances of taxes and insurance, we present the entire fair value measurement amount with the corresponding mortgage loan. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-76 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Fair Value 

Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-77 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Fair Value 

Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-78 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Fair Value 

Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-79 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Fair Value 

 The disclosure excludes all non-financial instruments; therefore, the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities does not represent the underlying fair value of our total consolidated assets and liabilities. 
 As of December 31, 2022 Carrying Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets 
 (Level 1) 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs 
 (Level 2) 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 (Level 3) 
 Netting Adjustment Estimated 
 Fair Value 
 (Dollars in millions) Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash and cash equivalents Securities purchased under agreements to resell Trading securities Available-for-sale securities Mortgage loans held for sale Mortgage loans held for investment, net of allowance for loan losses Advances to lenders Derivative assets at fair value ) Guaranty assets and buy-ups Total financial assets ) Financial liabilities: Short-term debt: Of Fannie Mae Long-term debt: Of Fannie Mae Of consolidated trusts Derivative liabilities at fair value ) Guaranty obligations Total financial liabilities ) 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-80 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Fair Value 

 Securities purchased under agreements to resell Trading securities Available-for-sale securities Mortgage loans held for sale Mortgage loans held for investment, net of allowance for loan losses Advances to lenders Derivative assets at fair value ) Guaranty assets and buy-ups Total financial assets ) Financial liabilities: Short-term debt: Of Fannie Mae Long-term debt: Of Fannie Mae Of consolidated trusts Derivative liabilities at fair value ) Guaranty obligations Total financial liabilities ) 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-81 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Fair Value 

Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-82 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Fair Value 

 Unpaid principal balance 
 (1) Includes nonaccrual loans with a fair value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Includes loans that are days or more past due with a fair value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Changes in Fair Value under the Fair Value Option Election 
 We recorded losses of million and gains of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, from changes in the fair value of loans recorded at fair value in Fair value gains (losses), net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 We recorded gains of billion and million and losses of million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, from changes in the fair value of long-term debt recorded at fair value in Fair value gains (losses), net in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 
 16. 
 We are often unable to estimate the possible losses or ranges of losses, particularly for proceedings that are in their early stages of development, where plaintiffs seek indeterminate or unspecified damages, where there may be novel or unsettled legal questions relevant to the proceedings, or where settlement negotiations have not occurred or progressed. Given the uncertainties involved in any action or proceeding, regardless of whether we have established an accrual, the ultimate resolution of certain of these matters may be material to our operating results for a particular period, depending on, among other factors, the size of the loss or liability imposed and the level of our net income or loss for that period. 
 In addition to the matters specifically described below, we are involved in a number of legal and regulatory proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business that we do not expect will have a material impact on our business or financial condition. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-83 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Commitments and Contingencies 

million in damages from Fannie Mae and prejudgment interest on the amount of any damages. We estimate that prejudgment interest, if awarded in the new trial, would be calculated at a rate of and expect plaintiffs to seek such interest from August 17, 2012. Prejudgment interest calculated from August 17, 2012 through December 31, 2022 based on the amount of damages plaintiffs requested would be approximately million. The ultimate amount of prejudgment interest awarded, if any, would be impacted by the amount of damages awarded, the date from and through which interest is calculated, and other determinations by the court. At this time, we do not believe the likelihood of loss is probable; therefore, we have not established an accrual in connection with these lawsuits. However, it is reasonably possible that the plaintiffs could ultimately prevail in this matter and, if so, we may incur a loss up to the amount of damages discussed above and any related interest. 
 Unconditional Purchase and Lease Commitments 
 
 We lease certain premises and equipment under agreements that expire at various dates through August 31, 2037. Some of these leases provide for payment by the lessee of property taxes, insurance premiums, cost of maintenance and other costs. Rent expenses for operating leases were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 (1) Primarily includes mortgage commitment derivatives. 
 (2) Includes amounts related to office buildings and equipment leases. 
 (3) Includes purchase commitments for certain telecommunications services, computer software and services, and other agreements and commitments. 
 Fannie Mae (In conservatorship) 2022 Form 10-K 
 F-84 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 fnma12312022ex41.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 

 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Section 303(a) of the Fannie Mae Charter Act, which we refer to as the Charter Act, provides that Fannie Mae shall have common stock, without par value. The Charter Act also provides that Fannie Mae may have preferred stock on such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors shall prescribe. 
 
 The Charter Act contains no limitation on the amount of common stock that we may issue, and we are currently authorized under our Bylaws to issue 700,000,000 shares of preferred stock, having no par value. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our issued and outstanding capital stock consists of both common and preferred stock, as follows 
 
 1,158,087,567 shares of common stock and 
 3,000,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock 
 3,000,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock 
 13,800,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock 
 5,750,000 shares of Series G Preferred Stock 
 8,000,000 shares of Series H Preferred Stock 
 6,000,000 shares of Series I Preferred Stock 
 6,900,000 shares of Series L Preferred Stock 
 9,200,000 shares of Series M Preferred Stock 
 4,500,000 shares of Series N Preferred Stock 
 50,000,000 shares of Series O Preferred Stock 
 24,922 shares of Series 2004-1 Preferred Stock 
 40,000,000 shares of Series P Preferred Stock 
 15,000,000 shares of Series Q Preferred Stock 
 21,200,000 shares of Series R Preferred Stock 
 280,000,000 shares of Series S Preferred Stock 
 89,000,000 shares of Series T Preferred Stock. 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 The following description of our common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. This description is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, the Charter Act and Fannie Mae s Bylaws, which are filed as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference herein. As discussed in greater detail in our Bylaws, pursuant to Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA regulation, Fannie Mae follows the applicable corporate governance practices and procedures of the Delaware General Corporation Law to the extent not inconsistent with the Charter Act and other Federal law, rules, and regulations. 
 Fully Paid and Non-assessable 
 All outstanding shares of Fannie Mae common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Voting Rights 
 The holders of shares of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted on by such holders. Holders of shares of common stock are not entitled to cumulative voting rights. 
 Note that FHFA, acting as conservator, has suspended the voting rights of our common shareholders during conservatorship. 
 Dividend Rights 
 The holders of shares of common stock are entitled to receive such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our Board of Directors in its discretion out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. 
 FHFA, as conservator, announced in September 2008 that we would not pay any dividends on the common stock while we are in conservatorship. In addition, under the terms of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement between us and the U.S. Department of Treasury Treasury ), dividends may not be paid on the common stock without the prior written consent of Treasury, regardless of whether we are in conservatorship, see Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Treasury Agreements in Fannie Mae s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 Form 10-K ), incorporated by reference herein. 
 1 

Liquidation Rights 
 Subject to any preferential rights of any other series of outstanding preferred stock, holders of common stock will share ratably in all assets legally available for distribution to stockholders in the event we are liquidated or wound down pursuant to applicable law. 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 Common stock has no preemptive or other subscription rights, and there are no conversion or exchange rights or redemption or sinking fund provisions with respect to the common stock. 
 Free Transferability 
 Our Charter Act provides that the free transferability of the company s stock at all times to any person or entity shall not be restricted, except that, as to Fannie Mae, stock may be transferable only on our books. 
 Limitation on Rights 
 The rights of holders of common stock are limited by the rights granted to the holder of our senior preferred stock, see Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Treasury Agreements Senior Preferred Stock in our Form 10-K. 
 Listing 
 Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB market of OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the trading symbol FNMA. 
 Description of Preferred Stock 
 Fannie Mae has sixteen outstanding series of preferred stock registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (collectively, the Preferred Stock ). The rights of holders of each series of Preferred Stock are set forth in the Certificate of Designation of Terms for such series. The terms of the various series of Preferred Stock are substantially similar to one another, and the following description summarizes the rights applicable to all series of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock, unless otherwise noted. 
 The following summary description is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, the Charter Act, Fannie Mae s Bylaws, the applicable Certificate of Designation of Terms for each series of preferred stock. As discussed in greater detail in our Bylaws, pursuant to FHFA regulation, Fannie Mae follows the applicable corporate governance practices and procedures of the Delaware General Corporation Law to the extent not inconsistent with the Charter Act and other Federal law, rules, and regulations. 
 Fully Paid and Non-assessable 
 All outstanding shares of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Voting Rights 
 Holders of Fannie Mae Preferred Stock are not entitled to any voting rights, either general or special. 
 Holders of shares of a series of Preferred Stock are entitled to one vote per share on amendments to the Certificate of Designation of Terms for such series of Preferred Stock, and the consent of the holders of two-thirds of the shares of a series of Preferred Stock is required to effectuate any such amendment. 
 Dividend Rights 
 The holders of shares of a series of Preferred Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as are set forth in the applicable Certificate of Designation of Terms as may be declared from time to time by our Board of Directors, in its discretion, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. Each series of Preferred Stock provides for quarterly dividends, with the quarterly dividend payment being calculated by applying a dividend rate to the stated value of the Preferred Stock. 
 All of the outstanding series of Preferred Stock have an equal priority and preference as to dividends. To the extent dividends are declared or set aside on one series of Preferred Stock for a quarterly dividend period, they must be declared or set aside on all series of Preferred Stock on a pro rata basis. Dividends may not be declared and paid on the common stock for a given dividend period unless the dividends for each series of Preferred Stock for such dividend period have been declared and paid in full. However, the Board of Directors may declare or set aside dividends on the Preferred Stock without the declaration and payment of dividends on the common stock. 
 Dividends on each outstanding series of Preferred Stock are non-cumulative. To the extent a dividend is not declared or set aside for a series of Preferred Stock for a designated quarterly dividend period, then the holder of such series of Preferred Stock will have no claim or right to such dividend payment in the future. 
 2 

FHFA, as conservator, announced in September 2008 that we would not pay any dividends on the Preferred Stock while we are in conservatorship. In addition, under the terms of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement between us and Treasury, dividends may not be paid on the Preferred Stock without the prior written consent of Treasury, regardless of whether we are in conservatorship, see Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Treasury Agreements in our Form 10-K. 
 The dividend payment terms for each series of Preferred Stock are as follows 
 Series Dividend Type Stated Value Liquidation Preference Dividend Rate Series D Fixed 50 5.25 per annum Series E Fixed 50 5.10 per annum Series F Variable 50 One-week average yield on 2-year U.S. Treasury Securities at constant maturity as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, less 0.16 , Series G Variable 50 One-week average yield on 2-year U.S. Treasury Securities at constant maturity as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, less 0.18 Series H Fixed 50 5.81 per annum Series I Fixed 50 5.375 per annum Series L Fixed 50 5.125 per annum Series M Fixed 50 4.75 per annum Series N Fixed 50 5.50 per annum Series O Variable 50 The greater of (i) 7.00 and (ii) the sum of the published one-week average yield on 10-year U.S. Treasury Securities at constant maturity as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, plus 2.375 Series 2004-1 Fixed 100,000 5.375 per annum Series P Variable 25 The greater of (i) 4.50 and (ii) the sum of 3-month LIBOR plus 0.75 Series Q Fixed 25 6.75 per annum Series R Fixed 25 7.625 per annum Series S Variable 25 The greater of (i) 7.75 and (ii) the sum of 3-month LIBOR plus 4.23 , Series T Fixed 25 8.25 per annum 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Subject to the preferential rights of our senior preferred stock, holders of the Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, out of the assets legally available for distribution to stockholders in the event we are liquidated or wound down pursuant to applicable law, an amount equal to the liquidation preference for such series of Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to the dividend (whether or not declared) for the then-current quarterly dividend period. 
 In the event the assets legally available for distribution to stockholders are insufficient to pay the liquidation preference of all Preferred Stock in full, the assets available for distribution will be divided among all holders of Preferred Stock on a pro rata basis, based on the value of the liquidation preference of each series of Preferred Stock. 
 The liquidation preference for each series of Preferred Stock is listed in the table above. 
 No Preemptive or Subscription Rights 
 The Preferred Stock has no preemptive or other subscription rights. 
 3 

Exchange or Conversion Rights 
 The Preferred Stock has no exchange or conversion rights, except for the Series 2004-1 preferred stock. 
 The Series 2004-1 preferred stock is convertible, at the option of the holder, into shares of Fannie Mae common stock. Each share of Series 2004-1 preferred stock is convertible into 1,060.3 shares of common stock, the equivalent to a conversion price of 94.31 per share of common stock. 
 Redemption Provisions 
 The Preferred Stock may generally be redeemed at the option of Fannie Mae, in whole or in part, subject to any restrictions detailed below. 
 In order to redeem one or more series of Preferred Stock, Fannie Mae must pay the redemption price for such series, plus an amount equal to the dividend (whether or not declared) for the then-current dividend period accrued to the date of redemption. 
 The redemption price for each series of Preferred Stock is equal to its stated value, except for the Series 2004-1 preferred stock, which has a redemption price of 105,000. 
 Our Preferred Stock is redeemable at any time, except for three series of Preferred Stock listed below Series Next Redemption Date Subsequent Redemption Dates Series F March 31, 2024 On the second anniversary following the last redemption date. Series G September 30, 2024 On the second anniversary following the last redemption date. Series S December 31, 2025 On the fifth anniversary following the last redemption date. 
 The Preferred Stock is not subject to mandatory redemption or sinking fund provisions. 
 Under the terms of the senior preferred stock purchase agreement between us and Treasury, we may not redeem any Preferred Stock without the prior written consent of Treasury, regardless of whether we are in conservatorship. 
 Free Transferability 
 Our Charter Act provides that the free transferability of the company s stock at all times to any person or entity shall not be restricted, except that, as to Fannie Mae, stock may be transferable only on our books. 
 Limitation on Rights 
 The rights of holders of Preferred Stock are limited by the rights granted to the holder of our senior preferred stock, see Business Conservatorship and Treasury Agreements Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement. 
 4 

Listing 
 Certain series of our Preferred Stock are quoted on the OTCQB market of OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the following trading symbols 
 Series Trading Symbol Series E FNMFM Series F FNMAP Series G FNMAO Series H FNMAM Series I FNMAG Series L FNMAN Series M FNMAL Series N FNMAK Series O FNMFN Series 2004-1 FNMFO Series P FNMAH Series Q FNMAI Series R FNMAJ Series S FNMAS Series T FNMAT 

5 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.11>
 3
 fnma12312022ex1011.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.11 

 AMENDMENT TO 
 FANNIE MAE SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT SAVINGS PLAN 

Pursuant to Section 9.2 of the Fannie Mae Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan (the Plan and as approved by the Fannie Mae Board of Directors on July 14, 2022 and as approved by the Federal Housing Finance Agency on December 20, 2022, Fannie Mae hereby amends the Plan, effective January 1, 2023, as follows 
 1. By amending the last sentence of Section 4.4 to read as follows 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, no Nondiscretionary Credit shall be added to the Account of any Participant with respect to Compensation for any Plan Year beginning January 1, 2021 and January 1, 2022. 
 2. By amending Section 5.2 to add the following sentence to the end of the paragraph 
 The preceding sentence shall not apply to any Executive who commences employment with the Company on or after January 1, 2023. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Fannie Mae has caused this Amendment to be executed in its name and on its behalf as of the date set forth herein by an officer or a duly authorized delegate. 
 
 FANNIE MAE 
 
 By s Jeffery Hayward 
 Jeffery Hayward 
 Chief Administrative Officer -EVP 
 
 Date 12 20 2022 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.22>
 4
 fnma12312022ex10_22.htm
 EX-10.22

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.22 
 
 Prepared, Date 

 20XX Covered Employee Statement Related to Employee Name , 
 Under Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement 
 
 This 20XX Statement is issued pursuant to Section 14 Compensation Forfeiture, Claw back, and other Action of my Confidential and Proprietary Rights Agreement Agreement ). I agree and acknowledge that my 20XX At-Risk Deferred Salary under the 20XX Executive Compensation Program Executive Compensation Program is part of the at-risk compensation incentives referred to in the Agreement. 
 I understand that I must timely execute this 20XX Statement by no later than Thirty Days after document is received, Format Month DD, YYYY , otherwise I will be ineligible to earn 20XX At-Risk Deferred Salary (and any associated interest) under the Executive Compensation Program and may be subject to other appropriate disciplinary action under the Standard (as defined in the Agreement). 
 In addition, if I am or become a Section 16 Executive Officer and or SEC Executive Officer 1 , I agree and acknowledge that my compensation earned while a Section 16 Executive Officer and or SEC Executive Officer, including, without limitation, compensation under the Executive Compensation Program, is subject to the terms of the Fannie Mae Repayment Provisions for SEC Executive Officers , as they may be amended and or restated from time to time. 
 All terms and conditions of the Agreement continue to apply to me whether I execute this 20XX Statement or not, and if any aspect of this 20XX Statement conflicts with the Agreement, the Agreement governs. 
 20XX At-Risk Deferred Salary If eligible, 20XX At-Risk Deferred Salary (which is 30 of Target Total Compensation refer to your Executive Compensation Program term sheet) is earned in bi-weekly installments during 20XX while you are employed by Fannie Mae and is subject to reduction based on individual and corporate performance. Payments of At-Risk Deferred Salary are subject to the terms of the Executive Compensation Program (including a quarterly payment schedule with a mandatory two-year deferral and forfeiture of unpaid amounts in the event of a termination for cause), as well as FHFA s authority as conservator and regulator. 

_______________________ 
 Date 
 
 _____________________________ ____________________ _______________ 
 
 Employee Name Employee ID # Employee ID 
 
 1 - Section 16 Executive Officer has the meaning in Exchange Act Rule 16a-1(f) and includes Fannie Mae s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or, if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice-president of the company in charge of a principal business unit, division or function (such as sales, administration or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person who performs similar policy-making functions for the company. SEC Executive Officer has the meaning under Rule 3b-7 promulgated pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 fnma12312022ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 
 
 I, Priscilla Almodovar, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Fannie Mae (formally, the Federal National Mortgage Association) 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. s Priscilla Almodovar Priscilla Almodovar 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date February 14, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 fnma12312022ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 
 I, Chryssa C. Halley, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Fannie Mae (formally, the Federal National Mortgage Association) 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. s Chryssa C. Halley Chryssa C. Halley Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date February 14, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 fnma12312022ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fannie Mae (formally, the Federal National Mortgage Association) for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Priscilla Almodovar, Chief Executive Officer of Fannie Mae, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Fannie Mae. 
 s Priscilla Almodovar Priscilla Almodovar 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date February 14, 2023 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 fnma12312022ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fannie Mae (formally, the Federal National Mortgage Association) for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Chryssa C. Halley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fannie Mae, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Fannie Mae. 
 
 s Chryssa C. Halley Chryssa C. Halley Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date February 14, 2023 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 fnm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 fnm-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 fnm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 fnm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 fnm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

