<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1820566_0001558370-23-003885.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10027444</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>432368</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1601939</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3574017</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1694560</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2478183</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-003885.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315162859
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-003885
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Inspirato Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001820566
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39791
		FILM NUMBER:		23735605

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1544 WAZEE STREET
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-586-7771

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1544 WAZEE STREET
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Thayer Ventures Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200806

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-003885.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 ispo-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: 

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

 Not applicable (Former name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered at an exercise price of 11.50 per share Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of Class A common stock, held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million (based on the closing sales price of the registrant s common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market on that date). Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each officer and director and by each other person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of the registrant have been excluded from this computation. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose. As of March 1, 2023, the registrant had shares of Class A Common Stock, shares of Class V Common Stock, and Warrants outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement relating to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 

Table of Contents Page PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 55 Item 2. Properties 55 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 55 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 56 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 57 Item 6. [Reserved] 58 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 58 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 73 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 73 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 102 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 102 Item 9B. Other Information 104 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 104 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 104 Item 11. Executive Compensation 104 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 104 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 104 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 104 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 105 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 107 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our and our management team s hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future or our future events or our future financial or operating performance. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, will, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: Changes in our strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenue and losses, projected costs, prospects and plans; The implementation, market acceptance and success of our business model and growth strategy; Our expectations and forecasts with respect to the size and growth of the travel and hospitality industry; The ability of our services to meet customers needs; Our ability to compete with others in the luxury travel and hospitality industry; Our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and management; Our ability to adapt to changes in consumer preferences, perception and spending habits and develop and expand our destination or other product offerings and gain market acceptance of our services, including in new geographies; Our ability to develop and maintain our brand and reputation; Developments and projections relating to our competitors and industry; The impact of health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, on our business and the actions we may take in response thereto; The impact of health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, on customer demands for travel and hospitality services; Expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act Our future capital requirements and sources and uses of cash; 
 The impact of our reduction in workforce on our expenses; 
 The impact of market conditions on our financial condition and operations, including fluctuations in interest rates and inflation; Our ability to obtain funding for our operations and future growth; Our business, expansion plans and opportunities; and Other factors detailed under the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 We caution you that the foregoing list does not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. Moreover, the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. You should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make. In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and such statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business Inspirato Incorporated and its subsidiaries (the Company or Inspirato is an innovative luxury travel subscription company on a mission to inspire lasting memories and relationships by changing the way family and friends experience the world. Inspirato is a subscription-based luxury travel company that provides unique solutions for (i) affluent travelers seeking superior service and certainty across a wide variety of accommodations and experiences and (ii) hospitality suppliers who want to solve pain points that include monetizing excess inventory and efficiently outsourcing the hassle involved in managing rental properties. For travelers, we offer access to a diverse portfolio of curated luxury vacation options that, as of December 31, 2022, included 523 private luxury vacation homes available to our subscribers, and accommodations at 350 luxury hotel and resort partners in more than 225 destinations around the world. Our portfolio also includes Inspirato Only, featuring one-of-a-kind luxury safaris, cruises, and other experiences, and Bespoke, which offers custom-designed bucket list itineraries. Every Inspirato trip comes with our personalized service envelope including pre-trip planning, on-site concierge, and daily housekeeping designed to meet the needs of affluent travelers and drive exceptional customer satisfaction. Our portfolio of luxury vacation options is accessed through our subscription platform, which creates a frictionless booking journey for discerning travelers seeking accommodations and experiences that they know will meet their high standards. We currently offer three subscriptions, Inspirato Club, Inspirato Pass, and Inspirato Select. All three offer travelers (i) the ability to book trips of their choice within our luxury vacation portfolio up to one year in advance, (ii) the full Inspirato service experience, and (iii) access to Inspirato benefits such as member events, luxury travel agent services, and partner benefits. Importantly, Inspirato Pass subscribers enjoy the additional benefit of being able to book trips from the Inspirato Pass trip list, which is a constantly updated selection that, as of December 31, 2022, was comprised of approximately 2.1 million vacations, with no fees required beyond their subscription payments. Inspirato Select subscribers may book a set number of trips each year from the Inspirato Select trip list, which is a constantly updated selection that, as of December 31, 2022, was comprised of more than 555 thousand vacations, with no additional fees required beyond their original payments. In addition to offering a better way to travel, Inspirato also solves critical pain points for hospitality suppliers, including luxury vacation homeowners seeking to monetize their property with rental income. For example, because Inspirato Pass does not show nightly rates, it provides an opaque distribution channel through which luxury hotels, resorts, and vacation homeowners can generate revenue from their excess inventory unoccupied hotel rooms or vacation rentals without undercutting rates on their own website and other brand assets, which can lead to customer complaints, refund requests, and harm to their overall brand reputations. We also have arrangements with hotels and resort partners to lease rooms under long-term agreements, providing them with fixed income for excess inventory versus uncertain occupancy-based income. We provide luxury vacation homeowners with a simplified, hassle-free ownership experience by providing a fixed monthly lease payment, expert property management services, and flexible usage benefits in exchange for leasing their home to us for inclusion within our portfolio. Launched in 2021 as a new consumer-facing brand, Inspirato Real Estate offers an easy way to find, buy, own, and enjoy a luxury vacation home. Prospective buyers can explore a vetted collection of properties in dozens of top vacation destinations directly on the Inspirato Real Estate website. Once they decide where to buy, Inspirato Real Estate s expert team assists them every step of the way as they select the perfect vacation home, including connecting them to a local real estate professional. Prior to closing, they receive a personalized lease overview and financial return profile including a net income projection for their chosen property. At closing, they lease their new home to Inspirato, and enjoy benefits specifically designed to remove the worry and uncertainty of luxury vacation home ownership. In the third quarter 2022, the Company developed two new product offerings: Inspirato for Good and Inspirato for Business. Inspirato for Good is our turnkey solution for nonprofit fundraising; Through this new platform, the Company partners with nonprofit organizations to offer luxury travel packages (consisting of an Inspirato subscription and luxury vacation) at live and silent auctions, paddle raises, and other giving channels. Inspirato for Business represents a new business-to-business channel whereby the Company provides subscription and travel products directly to businesses seeking to provide luxury accommodations and services to their staff and business partners. We believe both Inspirato for Good and Inspirato for Business will significantly expand our target addressable market and accelerate growth at a lower customer acquisition cost. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Corporate History and Background Inspirato was incorporated in Delaware on July 31, 2020 as Thayer Ventures Acquisition Corporation Thayer a special purpose acquisition company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger with one or more operating businesses. On June 30, 2021, Inspirato LLC entered into the Business Combination Agreement dated June 30, 2021 and as amended September 15, 2021 (the Business Combination Agreement to become a publicly traded company through a business combination with Thayer. On February 11, 2022 (the Closing Date ), Thayer and Inspirato LLC consummated the transaction contemplated in the Business Combination Agreement whereby amongst other transactions, a subsidiary of Thayer merged within and into Inspirato LLC with Inspirato LLC as the surviving company (the Business Combination ), resulting in Inspirato LLC becoming a subsidiary of Thayer. Thayer changed its name to Inspirato Incorporated upon closing of the Business Combination (the Closing ). The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization whereby Inspirato LLC acquired Thayer for accounting purposes. As such, the consolidated financial statements presented herein represent the operating results, assets and liabilities of Inspirato LLC before and Inspirato Incorporated and its subsidiaries, including Inspirato LLC, after the Closing. See Note 3 Reverse Recapitalization in the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. Our Luxury Travel Subscriptions and Offerings We currently offer three luxury travel subscriptions, Inspirato Club, Inspirato Pass, and Inspirato Select. In the third quarter 2022, we developed two new product offerings: Inspirato for Good and Inspirato for Business. Subscriptions Inspirato Club Launched in 2011, Inspirato Club subscribers pay an enrollment fee and monthly or annual subscription for access to our portfolio of branded Inspirato luxury vacation homes, luxury hotels, and five-star resort partners, Inspirato Only experiences, and custom Bespoke itineraries. In addition to their monthly or annual subscription, subscribers pay members-only nightly rates to book the trips of their choice. Inspirato Club subscribers can book vacations up to one year in advance. Every Club trip includes first-class, personalized service from a team of hospitality experts, including pre-trip planning, on-site concierge, and daily housekeeping. We revenue manage these rates to achieve occupancy and average daily rate goals while also delivering value to drive subscriber satisfaction. Inspirato Pass Launched in 2019, Inspirato Pass subscribers pay an enrollment fee and a monthly or annual subscription that is inclusive of nightly rates, taxes, and fees for Pass trips. Inspirato Pass subscribers book Pass trips from the Inspirato Pass trip list, which is a constantly updated selection that, as of December 31, 2022 was comprised of more than 2.1 million vacations, ranging from Inspirato residences and hotel partners to custom experiences such as luxury cruises and safaris. Inspirato Pass subscribers have full access to all the benefits of Inspirato Club, including the ability to pay members-only nightly rates to book trips of their choice, access to our booking promotions, and personalized service on every trip. Inspirato Select Launched in 2022, Inspirato Select subscribers pay an enrollment fee and annual subscription. Inspirato Select s hallmark benefit is the ability to book and share Inspirato Select Trips at no additional cost. Subscribers can choose from more than 555 thousand trip options, including branded Inspirato luxury vacation homes, luxury hotels, and five-star resorts. The initial subscription comes with three Inspirato Select Trips; subscribers may then purchase packages of additional trips whenever they like. Inspirato Select also provides all the benefits of Inspirato Club, including access to book a la carte travel within Inspirato s exclusive portfolio at members-only nightly rates with five-star personalized service on every trip. Inspirato Select Trips are 100 transferrable and may be shared with others at no additional cost. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Other Offerings Inspirato for Good Inspirato for Good is an easy-to-use, no-commitment platform designed to help nonprofit organizations accelerate funding results. Through this new platform, we partner with nonprofit organizations to sell luxury travel packages (consisting of an Inspirato Club subscription and luxury vacation) at live and silent auctions, paddle raises, and other giving channels. Inspirato for Business Inspirato for Business is our new business-to-business channel through which we sell subscription and travel products directly to businesses seeking to leverage luxury accommodations to recruit, retain, and reward their employees. Our Value Proposition We provide exceptional vacations with outstanding value for luxury travelers (who drive demand) and attractive economics and certainty for hospitality suppliers including hotels, resorts and luxury vacation rental property owners (who drive supply). Value Proposition for Luxury Travelers Inspirato addresses the following core marketplace problems faced by luxury travelers: 
 Inconsistent quality of accommodations. Booking vacation residences through online platforms that are simply intermediaries for the actual property owner/manager, in contrast with booking with Inspirato where we directly manage and control the residence and deliver the experience, involves inherent uncertainty. Travelers cannot be certain of the quality of their accommodations until they enter the residence. This is an acute problem for luxury travelers who do not want to subject themselves to vacation roulette and a potentially poor experience that does not meet their expectations. Inconsistent quality of service. High-quality personal service is a primary expectation for luxury travelers. However, luxury vacation rental properties are typically available through online booking platforms acting as intermediaries for the actual property owner/manager, rather than true hospitality brands like Inspirato with deep service expertise. As a result, professional on-site service is often unpredictable, not standardized, or only available at additional cost, resulting in a disappointing experience. Anxiety regarding nightly rate value. With the proliferation of online booking sites and travel platforms, we believe it is increasingly difficult for travelers to feel confident that they obtained a good rate when booking luxury accommodations. In addition, real-time revenue management practices can drive rapidly changing pricing that create challenges for consumers seeking peace of mind about value. Together, these conditions can make the booking process stress-inducing, time-consuming, and ultimately an anxiety-driven and tedious comparison-shopping process. Frustration with unclear and undisclosed fees. Travelers continue to express frustration with high nightly hotel rates, high resort fees, and other additional costs. Consumers often click on digital ads featuring attractive nightly rates only to later find that the real rate is significantly higher than the advertised price. The frustration has resulted in multiple lawsuits against major hotel companies as well as pushes for legislation at the state and federal levels. Our subscription offerings are intended to solve these pain points by offering the following benefits to luxury travelers: 
 Certainty of luxury accommodations. All Inspirato subscriptions provide exclusive access to a high-quality portfolio of luxury properties that we directly manage to our high standards. For example, when we onboard luxury vacation homes into our portfolio, we typically outfit them with premium linens, kitchenware, technology, and other amenities and then refresh them at regular intervals to ensure they meet our standards. In addition, after each guest checks out from a stay, we perform a detailed walkthrough to ensure it is ready for the next arrival, thus ensuring a consistent quality experience for our members. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Certainty of high-quality personalized service. Inspirato is a hospitality company, rather than an online booking platform, with an expert team of dedicated professionals that offer personalized service comparable to the finest hotel and resort brands. Every Inspirato trip includes pre-trip itinerary planning, on-site concierge service, and daily housekeeping. In particular, our on-site staff are available to our subscribers to assist with their needs during their stay, to ensure we provide the level of confidence and assurance that luxury travelers expect. Confidence with regard to value. We believe our subscription model and partnerships with hospitality suppliers lead to reduced rates versus comparable luxury vacation alternatives, while saving our subscribers from the hassle of scouring travel websites to confirm whether they have found the best rate or value for their stay. Simple, transparent fee structure. Inspirato Pass subscribers pay a monthly subscription fee in exchange for their Pass travel and are not subject to per-trip taxes, resort fees, and other add-on charges imposed by certain hotels. This provides them with predictability and certainty regarding their travel costs and spares them the frustration of encountering unclear or undisclosed fees. Inspirato Club subscribers are charged a flat rate for taxes and fees for trips purchased a la carte. Safe, private luxury residences. We believe our portfolio of private luxury residences offers a level of safety and cleanliness that traditional hospitality companies are not able to offer since private residences do not expose travelers to shared amenities such as elevators, lounges, restaurants, gyms, and pools. Inventory Management and Expansion Overall Approach We are highly disciplined in our overall approach to growing and managing our luxury vacation portfolio. 
 We carefully choose new destinations, accommodations, and experiences based on market trends, booking results, subscriber feedback, and other factors to align our additions with demand. We only seek to partner with hotels and resorts that align well with the Inspirato luxury hospitality brand and offer service commensurate with our own, to ensure that every trip booked through our platform meets or exceeds our subscribers expectations. Managing our Residences Since our founding over ten years ago, we have developed a highly flexible, asset-light approach to controlling and managing our residences. The central tenet of this approach is that we lease our homes, paying the owners fixed rental income, rather than buying them. Our leases typically permit us to terminate within one years notice, giving us the ability to remove underperforming residences as well as curate the portfolio generally in response to market opportunities and travel demand trends. Many of our leases also have a force majeure clause in anticipation of impossible-to-predict disruptive market events. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we were able to collaborate with our landlord partners regarding these clauses to significantly reduce operating costs. In addition to traditional leases, we also use other flexible arrangements to secure less than approximately 10 of our residences. These include net rate and profit-sharing agreements whereby we pay the property owner based on occupancy and costs instead of fixed monthly payments. Competitive Strengths As an innovator within the luxury travel subscription market, we believe we have built significant barriers to entry for competitors with an array of differentiated strengths. 
 Managed and Controlled Residential Inventory. As of December 31, 2022, our selection of Inspirato residences included 523 private luxury vacation homes in 135 destinations. These residences include leased properties where we directly manage, maintain, and operate the asset, as well as resort-based properties where we work closely with resort partners to ensure an exceptional subscriber experience. By managing and controlling these assets directly, including staffing them with Inspirato team members, we are able to deliver a consistent experience comparable to top luxury hospitality resort brands, versus a vacation roulette experience that is dependent on the expertise and attention of the individual homeowner or a local property management company. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Rate and Calendar Control. We manage nightly rates and calendar availability for our residences and leased hotel inventory, without owner interference. This allows us to revenue-manage each inventory unit to (i) help maximize occupancy by ensuring our rates are competitive with comparable accommodations in the applicable market, (ii) help reduce spoilage, and (iii) leverage availability to increase subscriber engagement and retention through booking promotions, surprise and delight outreach, and other tactics. Control Over Bookings and Property Maintenance. We control the booking calendar for the majority of our Inspirato residences, giving us visibility into actionable metrics such as how often and what times of year homes are typically used. This provides us greater control over proactive property maintenance planning and necessary repairs and upgrades. For example, we are able to more precisely plan renovations and other significant activities such as painting, flooring, and furniture updates compared to companies that don t control the calendars for their properties. Flexible Cost Structure. Our leases and other inventory agreements, as well as our overall strategic property mix, provide us with flexibility to respond to changes in travel demand and events beyond our control. For example, as of December 31, 2022, 93 of our leases included a force majeure clause in the event of severe unexpected business disruption. Further, in addition to leasing individual luxury vacation homes, we also lease inventory from hotel and resort partners with flexible termination provisions. Together, these approaches enable us to tailor our overall inventory cost structure to meet changing demand. Expert Sales and Service Teams. We maintain an expert sales and service organization, including sales professionals to welcome new subscribers, relationship-driven Care teams to create the overall Inspirato experience, and on-site concierge teams to deliver memorable vacations. Each of these teams undergoes regular training to enrich their expertise as hospitality specialists and ambassadors of the Inspirato brand. We believe the high-quality service they deliver is a key differentiator separating Inspirato from other hospitality companies. Predictable Subscription Revenue. Our subscriber base provides predictable, consistent cash flow and stability relative to many traditional hospitality and revenue models. Subscription fees generate recurring revenue. Incentives for upfront prepayment of monthly subscription fees, typically in the form of a waived enrollment fee, travel credit or a free trip, ensure that new subscribers remain customers for a minimum period of time, and enhance retention. Multiple Customer Journeys. Inspirato trips can only be booked through our website, iOS application, or Care teams. They cannot be booked through online travel agencies or other third-party channels. In addition, our Care teams and on-site concierge staff help with trip planning, which is a service many hotel companies do not offer. As a result, we engage with our subscribers throughout the entire booking journey on every trip they take, from consideration, to booking, planning, in-residence, checkout, and post-trip feedback. We also engage with them through a parallel renewal journey, pro-actively marketing booking promotions, subscriber benefits, upgrade opportunities, and other aspects of our value proposition to maximize retention. We believe our deep involvement in these twin customer journeys gives us greater influence and impact over their customer experience than luxury hospitality companies that do not utilize our service approach or a subscription platform. Trusted Luxury Brand, Proprietary Database . Since 2011, we have made significant investments to build a one-of-a-kind luxury hospitality brand anchored by an innovative subscription platform. At the same time, we have used data-driven marketing to build a proprietary database of over 1.1 million affluent individuals who have demonstrated interest in Inspirato as of December 31, 2022. Network Effect. We believe Inspirato s growth trajectory will benefit from a business phenomenon referred to as the network effect. Network effects are typically positive, resulting in individual users deriving more value and utility from a product as other users join the same network. In our case, as we acquire more subscribers, we are able to more aggressively expand our portfolio, which in turn quickly improves the value proposition for subscribers by giving them access to more exceptional luxury vacation options. 
 Technology Our technology platform was built for the unique needs of our subscribers; it allows us to quickly adapt to what our subscribers require and delivers deep business intelligence insights to help us manage our platform. It was built to scale and operates through a patented algorithm, which can be adjusted depending on business needs. We believe that this algorithm will enable us to efficiently manage trips with scale to optimize profitability of the inventory. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Our subscriber experiences sit on a technology platform that has allowed for maximum flexibility in our product development strategy. Inspirato has invested significantly for many years in engineering, product, and design in order to build out the platform. We operate a modern technology stack that allows for rapid development and deployment as well as integrations. We have a dedicated engineering team responsible for development and the creation of new features to support our products and services across a full range of devices (desktop, mobile web and native mobile applications). Our engineering teams use an agile development process that allows us to deploy frequent iterative releases for product and service features. Design has been at the core of everything we do, and it has enabled us to create an intuitive and attractive user interface. Inspirato uses customer feedback to optimize the platform and have employees dedicated to supporting subscribers through the booking process. Our subscribers vary in age and technological sophistication, and we believe that our user interface is built for a broad subscriber base. Sales and Marketing Our sales and marketing strategy is designed to support new subscriber acquisition, subscriber upgrades, subscriber bookings, and subscriber retention. We rely on a mix of tactics to generate demand for each of these revenue lines, using a full-funnel approach to reach its audiences at multiples stages within each consideration process. These include print, digital, video and television buys to build general brand awareness; performance marketing tactics such as direct mail, paid digital media, and paid search; multiple brand urgency campaigns each year to help drive predictable results; and a highly trained team of Sales and Care team professionals. With all of our performance marketing programs for new subscriber acquisition, we use iterative data-driven models developed in partnership with leading data providers to help us target high net worth individuals as potential new customers. We have also made significant investment in leading marketing technology such as Salesforce Marketing Cloud, as well as leading marketing customer relationship management practices designed to drive sales and marketing alignment. Human Capital Our People and Culture Inspirato s culture is embodied by our three core values: We Care. We Inspire. We Dream Big. By staying true to these values, we have created a company where talented people can do great work and drive value for all of our stakeholders. These values guide us in everything we do, from individual everyday tasks to high-level strategic planning. They foster a culture of dialogue, collaboration, recognition, achievement, and sense of family that contributes to our long-term success. We engage and empower our team with ongoing career and learning and development opportunities. Fostering a growth mindset facilitates a culture where all voices are heard and team members can take informed risks, make mistakes, ask questions, and seek creative solutions to tough problems. This approach helps us build a strong bench of leaders for tomorrow s business challenges. Continued growth and success will depend on the performance of our current and future employees, including certain key employees. Recruitment and retention of these individuals is vital to growing our business and meeting our business plans. We espouse the principal that all Inspirato team members can bring their whole selves to work and thrive. As of December 31, 2022, we employed a total of approximately 900 team members globally. These employees are highly concentrated in Operations (470 employees) and Sales and Marketing (189 employees). Our focus on customer-facing employees helps us to provide luxury service to our subscribers that we believe is industry-leading. Importantly, our values and the culture they inspire extend to our relationships with every Inspirato subscriber. Led by our Sales and Care team professionals, we foster a long-term, personal rapport with each Inspirato family, not only to promote our customer satisfaction and retention goals, but also to fulfill our mission of inspire lasting memories and relationships by changing the way family and friends experience the world. We believe our culture is real, valued, deeply ingrained, and sustained in part by robust and scalable training that helps create consistently positive subscriber interactions and experiences. We are committed to hiring a diverse workforce. We seek to foster an inclusive environment where everyone feels welcome to be their authentic selves and all voices are heard an environment that is aligned with our values and that reflects our global community. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Our culture is also one of inclusion. We actively work to dismantle inequities within our policies, systems, programs and services to ensure that Inspirato is a space where everyone feels welcome and comfortable with their identity. We continuously aspire to be a more equitable, safe, and welcoming work environment for all of our team members, and a better advocate to the communities we serve. Seasonality Our travel revenues are seasonal, reflecting typical travel behavior patterns of travelers over the course of the calendar year. While results were less predictable as a result of COVID-19 and related travel restrictions, in a typical year, the first, third, and fourth quarters have higher travel revenues than the second quarter. Our subscription services are seasonal to the extent that interest from potential new subscribers tends to also follow travel revenue, however revenues from existing subscribers are not impacted by seasonality. Our key metrics, including total revenues, Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow, are also impacted by the timing of holidays and other events. Holidays and other events generally increase the rates we are able to charge for travel which results in higher gross margin. The majority of our costs are relatively fixed across quarters. Intellectual Property Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain, maintain, protect, defend, and enforce our intellectual property. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws in the United States and certain other jurisdictions, as well as contractual restrictions, to protect our intellectual property rights. We also license certain software and other intellectual property from third parties for integration into our product solutions, including open-source software and other software available on commercially reasonable terms. We cannot assure you that any of our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of a patent or whether the examination process will require us to narrow our claims. Our existing patents and any patents that are issued in the future may be contested, circumvented, found unenforceable, narrowed in scope or invalidated, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating them or any of our other intellectual property rights. Furthermore, our competitors or other third-parties may also claim that our technology infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates their intellectual property rights. With regard to our brand, we have registered Inspirato as a trademark in the United States, Canada and certain other countries. In addition to trademark protection, we reserve and registers domain names when and where deemed appropriate and are the registered holder of more than 176 domain names, including inspirato.com. As of December 31, 2022, we have two U.S. patents issued covering our subscription-based booking and service tailoring technology. We control access to, and use of, our solutions and other confidential and proprietary information through the use of internal and external controls, including contractual protections with employees, contractors, customers, partners, and other third parties. Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets and proprietary rights through intellectual property rights, licenses, contractual provisions, and confidentiality and invention assignment agreements, unauthorized parties may still copy or otherwise obtain and use our software, technology, trade secrets, or proprietary or confidential information, and such risks may increase as we attempt to expand into jurisdictions where such rights are less easily enforced, or are more subject to reverse engineering or misappropriation due to local legal requirements. For more information, see the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. Regulatory Compliance Our overall business approach and strategy includes rigorous attention to regulatory compliance, as our operations are subject to regulations in the following principal areas, across a wide variety of jurisdictions. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Property and Accommodations Regulation Our business is subject to U.S. and foreign federal, state and local laws and regulations that vary widely by city, country and property type. In many cities, local regulations affect our ability to offer accommodations for specified durations or in certain neighborhoods. Hospitality and transient accommodations operations are also subject to compliance with the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act and other laws and regulations relating to accessibility, and to laws, regulations and standards in other areas such as zoning and land use, licensing, permitting and registrations, fire and life safety, environmental and other property condition matters, staffing and employee training, cleaning protocols and other COVID-19 requirements, and property star ratings where required. Additionally, our real estate owners are also responsible for their own compliance with laws, including with respect to their employees, property maintenance and operations, environmental laws and other matters. Before signing any new leases in a new market, we engage local legal counsel to help identify relevant regulatory requirements. This research includes analysis on licensing and zoning, building code, accessibility and operations requirements, fire and life safety regulations, tax compliance, and local employment laws. Every leased property has unique characteristics, requiring further due diligence and regulatory analysis before each new lease signing. We monitor regulatory changes in each existing market on an ongoing basis. To facilitate growth and compliance work in each city, we also proactively establish relationships with local regulatory agencies, elected officials, business and community groups to build trust and improve understanding of our business model. Privacy and Data Protection Regulation In processing travel transactions and information about guests and their stays, we receive and store a large volume of data, including a large volume of personal information. The collection, storage, processing, transfer, use, disclosure, protection, and other processing of this information are increasingly subject to laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions around the world, such as the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and variations and implementations of that regulation in the member states of the European Union, the UK General Data Protection Regulation and UK Data Protection Act, the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act PIPEDA and Canadian provincial legislation, as well as privacy and data protection laws and regulations in various U.S. states and other jurisdictions, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act), and similar legislation in other states. The scope of many of these laws and regulations are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions or conflict with other laws and regulations. It is possible that these laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other laws and regulations or our practices. For more information, see the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Data Privacy If we fail to comply with federal, state and foreign laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and information security, we may face potentially significant liability, negative publicity and an erosion of trust, and increased regulation could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Employment We are also subject to laws governing our relationship with employees, including laws governing wages and hours, benefits, immigration, workplace safety and health, and hotel-specific ordinances. Other Regulation Our business is subject to various other laws and regulations, involving matters such as income tax and other taxes, consumer protection, online messaging, advertising and marketing, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other laws governing bribery and other corrupt business activities, and regulations aimed at preventing money laundering or prohibiting business activities with specified countries or persons. As we expand into additional markets, we will be subject to additional laws and regulations. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 The regulatory environment in each market is often complex and evolving, and can be subject to significant change. Some relevant laws and regulations are inconsistent and ambiguous, and could be interpreted by regulators and courts in ways that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Moreover, certain laws and regulations have not historically been applied to an innovative hospitality provider such as us, which often makes their application to our business uncertain. For additional information regarding the laws and regulations that affect our business, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . Competition The market to provide hospitality services is very competitive and highly fragmented. In addition, the barriers to entry are low and new competitors may enter. Our competitors may adopt aspects of our business model or may introduce new business models or services that we may need to adopt or otherwise adapt to in order to compete, which could reduce our ability to differentiate our business or services from those of our competitors. Increased competition could result in a reduction in revenue, fewer attractive properties, higher lease rates, higher costs or reduced market share. We believe we compete primarily on the basis of the quality of our residences, the variety and attractiveness of our residences, and our high-quality subscriber experience that is a result of the luxe services provided by our care teams, concierges and planners. Our current or potential competitors include: 
 global hotel chains such as Hyatt Hotels Corporation, Intercontinental Hotel Group, Marriott International, Radisson Hotel Group and Wyndham Hotels Resorts as well as boutique hotel chains and independent hotels; online travel agencies such as Booking Holdings and Expedia Group; and home-sharing and rental services and short-term vacation rentals such as Airbnb, Vacasa, Sonder, AvantStay, Evolve, and Awaze. Corporate Information Our principal executive offices are located at 1544 Wazee Street, Denver, CO 80202. The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock and the warrant agent for our warrants is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. Available Information Our website address is www.inspirato.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act are also available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information contained on the websites referenced in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, our references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. We announce material information to the public through filings with the SEC, the investor relations page on our website, press releases, public conference calls, and webcasts in order to achieve broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information to the public and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. We encourage investors, the media, and others to follow the channels listed above and to review the information disclosed through such channels. Any updates to the list of disclosure channels through which we will announce information will be posted on the investor relations page on our website. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and in our other public filings before deciding whether to invest in our securities. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our Class A Common Stock (as defined below) and Warrants could decline. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we face. In that event, the market price of our Class A Common Stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risk Factor Summary Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should fully consider before investing in our Company, as fully described below. The principal factors and uncertainties that make investing in our Company risk include, among others: The COVID-19 pandemic and the impact of actions to mitigate the COVID-19 pandemic have materially adversely impacted our business and may adversely impact our business in the future, including our results of operations and financial condition. We have a history of net losses and may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. If we fail to retain existing subscribers or add new subscribers, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially adversely affected. Our revenue growth may not increase at the rates we anticipate in the future or at all. Any financial or economic crisis, or perceived threat of such a crisis, including a significant decrease in consumer confidence and disruptions to the global supply chain, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The hospitality market is highly competitive, and we may be unable to compete successfully with our current or future competitors. We may be unable to effectively manage our growth. Our subscriber support function is critical to the success of our business, and any failure to provide high-quality service could affect our reputation and ability to retain our existing subscribers and attract new subscribers. We may not be able to obtain sufficient new and recurring supply of luxury accommodations and experiences or to renew our existing supply of luxury accommodations and experiences. We have limited experience with our pricing models, particularly for Inspirato Pass, Inspirato for Good, Inspirato for Business and Inspirato Select, and may not accurately predict the long-term rate of subscriber adoption or renewal or the impact these will have on our revenue or results of operations. We depend on our key personnel and other highly skilled personnel, and if we fail to attract, retain, motivate or integrate our personnel, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our business depends on our reputation and the strength of our brand, and any deterioration could adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. As a result of recognizing revenue in accordance with GAAP, our consolidated financial statements may not immediately reflect changes in customer bookings, cancellations and other operating activities. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 The failure to successfully execute and integrate acquisitions could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We rely on consumer discretionary spending and any decline or disruption in the travel or hospitality industries or economic downturn would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The subscription travel market and the market for our subscription offerings is still relatively new, and if it does not continue to grow, grows more slowly than expected or fails to grow as large as expected, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. If we are unable to manage the risks presented by our international business model, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially adversely affected. We have experienced and may continue to experience significant fluctuations in our results of operations, which makes it difficult to forecast our future results. The hospitality industry is subject to seasonal and cyclical volatility, which may contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations and financial condition. Our management has identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls or effective disclosure controls and procedures, which may result in material misstatements of our consolidated financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. We face risks related to our intellectual property. Our storage, use, disclosure and other processing of personal data exposes us to risks of internal or external security breaches and incidents and could give rise to liabilities and/or damage to reputation. Unfavorable changes in, or interpretations or enforcement of, government regulations or taxation of the evolving hospitality, Internet and e-commerce industries could harm our operating results. Due to errors in our consolidated financial statements related to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we restated our previously issued condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, which resulted in unanticipated costs and may have adversely affected investor confidence, our stock price, our ability to raise capital in the future and our reputation, and may result in regulatory actions. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to our Business and Industry The COVID-19 pandemic and the impact of actions to mitigate the COVID-19 pandemic have materially adversely impacted our business and may adversely impact our business in the future, including our results of operations and financial condition. The COVID-19 pandemic caused severe economic disruptions around the world and is continuing to have a negative effect on the global hospitality and travel industries. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been and continues to be a complex and evolving situation. Governments, public institutions and other organizations have and may continue to impose or recommend, at various times and degrees, that businesses and individuals implement restrictions on a wide array of activities to combat its spread, such as restrictions and bans on travel or transportation (including border closures), limitations on the size of in-person gatherings, closures of, or occupancy or other operating limitations on, work facilities, hospitality facilities, schools, public buildings and businesses, cancellation of events and meetings, mandatory vaccination requirements, and quarantines and lock-downs. COVID-19 and efforts to mitigate its spread, as well as declines in overall willingness to travel due to the risk of COVID-19 transmission, dramatically reduced travel and demand for accommodations at the outset of the pandemic, and the subsequent emergence of new variants of the virus have also negatively affected our business. Similar effects may occur in the future. While vaccines, booster shots, and treatments are now available in many countries, the ability of vaccination and treatment programs to curtail the impacts of the pandemic are uncertain. These factors may contribute to delays in economic recovery and continued reluctance to travel. The COVID-19 pandemic had a materially adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. Revenues declined as a result of reduced travel and management undertook cost reduction methods in response. While COVID-19 continues to impact the world, through December 31, 2022 as restrictions were lifted across travel destinations, revenues recovered to pre-pandemic levels due to pent-up demand. To the extent the increase in revenue in 2022 is attributable to pent-up demand, we may not see this trend continue. In addition, we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to have on our business partners and third-party vendors and service providers. We may continue to be materially adversely impacted as a result of the material adverse impacts our business partners and third-party vendors suffered previously and may suffer now and in the future. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic continues to materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risk factors described herein. We have a history of net losses and may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. We incurred net losses of 0.5 million, 22 million and 24 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 234 million. Our accumulated deficit and net losses historically resulted primarily from the substantial investments required to grow our business. We have invested significantly in efforts to grow our subscriptions, introduce new or expanded offerings, increase our marketing spend, expanded our operations and hire additional employees. In 2021 and thereafter, we incurred significant costs related to the Business Combination and operating as a public company after the consummation of the Business Combination. We expect to continue making significant investments in our business in the future. These efforts may prove more expensive than currently anticipated, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenue sufficiently to offset these higher expenses. In particular, the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business have also contributed to the losses incurred during 2020, 2021 and 2022, and we expect the ongoing economic impact from the COVID-19 pandemic to have an impact on our revenue and financial results for 2023, though we cannot estimate to what extent the impact will be. Adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions have impacted our business and may continue to impact us in future periods. These conditions include but are not limited to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, inflation, labor shortages, fluctuations in energy prices, changes in governmental regulations, foreign currency fluctuations, rising interest rates, and reduced consumer confidence resulting in lower consumer spending. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 If we fail to retain existing subscribers or add new subscribers, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially adversely affected. We have experienced significant subscriber growth over the past several years, particularly with respect to Inspirato Pass. Our continued business and revenue growth is dependent on our ability to retain existing subscribers and add new subscribers, and we cannot be sure that we will be successful in these efforts or that subscriber retention levels will not materially decline. There are a number of factors that could lead to a decline in subscribers or that could prevent us from increasing our subscribers, including: our failure to deliver offerings that subscribers find attractive; our ability to achieve and sustain market acceptance, particularly with respect to Inspirato Pass; harm to our brand and reputation; pricing and perceived value of our offerings; subscribers engaging with competitive products and services; problems affecting subscribers experiences; a decline in the public s interest in luxury travel; deteriorating general economic conditions or a change in consumer discretionary spending preferences or trends , including inflation and increases to federal interest rates in response; political, social or economic instability, such as the ongoing geopolitical tensions related to Russia s actions in Ukraine, resulting sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries and retaliatory actions taken by Russia in response to such sanctions; and events beyond our control such as the COVID-19 pandemic, other pandemics and health concerns, increased or continuing restrictions on travel, immigration, trade disputes and the impact of climate change on travel, including fires, floods, severe weather and other natural disasters and the impact of climate change on seasonal destinations. 
 In addition, if our platform is not easy to navigate; subscribers have an unsatisfactory sign-up, search, booking or payment experience on our platform; the content on our platform is not displayed effectively to subscribers; we are not effective in engaging subscribers across our various offerings and tiers; or we fail to provide an experience in a manner that meets rapidly changing demand, we could fail to acquire first-time subscribers and fail to retain our existing subscribers. As a result of these factors, we cannot be sure that our subscriber levels will be adequate to maintain or permit the expansion of our operations. A decline in subscriber levels could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Our revenue growth may not increase at the rates we anticipate in the future or at all. We have experienced significant revenue growth in the past; however, there is no assurance that historic growth rates will continue. From the years ended December 31, 2020 to 2022, our revenue increased significantly, primarily due to the increased demand for travel due to easing COVID-19 pandemic restriction and pent-up demand for travel. Our future revenue growth depends on the growth of supply and demand for our offerings, and our business is affected by general economic and business conditions worldwide as well as trends in the global travel and hospitality industries. In addition, we believe that our revenue growth depends upon a number of factors, including: the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the travel and accommodations industries; our ability to retain and grow our number of subscribers; 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 our ability to retain and grow the number of luxury accommodations and experiences we offer; events beyond our control such as pandemics and other health concerns, increased or continuing restrictions on travel and immigration, trade disputes, economic downturns and the impact of climate change on travel, including fires, floods, severe weather and other natural disasters and the impact of climate change; political, social or economic instability, such as the ongoing geopolitical tensions related to Russia s actions in Ukraine, resulting sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries, and retaliatory actions taken by Russia in response to such sanctions and current adverse macroeconomic conditions including inflation, fluctuations in fuel prices, rising interest rates and reduced consumer confidence; competition; the legal and regulatory landscape and changes in the application of existing laws and regulations or adoption of new laws and regulations that impact our business, and/or subscribers, including changes in tax, short-term occupancy and other laws; the attractiveness of our offerings to current and prospective subscribers, including the degree to which we correctly anticipate trends in consumer travel preferences; the level of consumer awareness and perception of our brand; the level of spending on sales and marketing to attract subscribers; our ability to grow new offering tiers, such as Inspirato Pass, Inspirato Select, Inspirato for Good and Inspirato for Business, and to deepen our presence in certain geographies; timing, effectiveness and costs of expansion and upgrades to our platform and infrastructure; and other risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 A softening of demand, whether caused by events outside of our control, such as COVID-19, rising interest rates, reduced consumer confidence, changes in subscriber preferences or any of the other factors described above or in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, will result in decreased revenue. If our revenue does not continue to improve at the rates we expect, we may not achieve profitability and our business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially adversely affected. Any financial or economic crisis, or perceived threat of such a crisis, including a significant decrease in consumer confidence and disruptions to the global supply chain, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In recent years, the United States and global economies suffered dramatic downturns as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, a deterioration in the credit markets and related financial crisis as well as a variety of other factors including, among other things, extreme volatility in security prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, ratings downgrades of certain investments and declining valuations of others. The United States and certain foreign governments have taken unprecedented actions in an attempt to address and rectify these extreme market and economic conditions by providing liquidity and stability to the financial markets. If the actions taken by these governments are not successful, the current adverse economic conditions may negatively impact the demand for our offerings and may negatively impact our ability to raise capital, if needed, on a timely basis and on acceptable terms or at all. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Additionally, on February 24, 2022, the Russian Federation commenced a military invasion of Ukraine. Russian actions with respect to Ukraine have resulted in certain sanctions and export controls being imposed by the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom and other jurisdictions. The conflict between Russia and Ukraine, including related economic sanctions, has lead, and may continue to lead, to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets and industries that could negatively impact our business. We cannot predict the impact of these ongoing sanctions and heightened military conflict or geopolitical instability, heightened inflation and cyber disruptions or attacks. Any such disruptions or resulting sanctions may adversely affect our business, but as we do no business with Russia and/or Ukraine, no such disruptions as a result of Russia s military invasion of Ukraine have yet to directly do so. The hospitality market is highly competitive, and we may be unable to compete successfully with our current or future competitors. The market to provide hospitality services is very competitive and highly fragmented. In addition, the barriers to entry are low and new competitors may enter. Our current or potential competitors include global hotel brands, regional hotel chains, independent hotels, online travel agencies and home-sharing and rental services and short term/vacation rental. Our competitors may adopt aspects of our business model, which could reduce our ability to differentiate our offerings. Additionally, current or new competitors may introduce new business models or services that we may need to adopt or otherwise adapt to in order to compete, which could reduce our ability to differentiate our business or services from those of our competitors. Increased competition could result in a reduction in revenue, fewer attractive properties, higher lease rates, higher costs or reduced market share. We believe we compete primarily on the basis of the quality of our residences, the variety and attractiveness of our residences, and our high quality subscriber experience that is a result of the luxe services provided by our care teams, concierges, and planners. Competitive factors in our industry are subject to change, such as the increased emphasis on cleaning and social distancing due to the COVID-19 pandemic. If subscribers choose to use other competitive offerings in lieu of ours, our revenue could decrease, and we could be required to incur additional expenditures to compete more effectively. Any of these events or results could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, some of our current or potential competitors, such as major hotel brands, are larger and have more resources than we do. Many of our current and potential competitors enjoy substantial competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition in their markets, well-established loyalty programs, longer operating histories and larger marketing budgets, as well as substantially greater financial, technical and other resources. Moreover, the hospitality services industry has experienced significant consolidation, and we expect this trend may continue as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in a highly competitive industry. Consolidation amongst our competitors will give them increased scale and may enhance their capacity, abilities and resources, as well as lower their cost structures. In addition, our current or potential competitors may have access to larger developer, landlord or customer bases. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or landlord or customer requirements. Furthermore, because of these advantages, existing and potential landlords and subscribers might accept our competitors offerings, even if our offerings are superior in other regards. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors. We may be unable to effectively manage our growth. We have experienced rapid growth, and we continue to pursue rapid growth in existing and new markets throughout the world. Our business is becoming increasingly complex due in part to the continued rapid evolution of the hospitality industry, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, our expansion into new markets, the increasing number of residences and hotels within our portfolio and changing local and national regulatory requirements. This increased complexity and rapid growth have demanded, and will continue to demand, substantial resources and attention from our management. We may need to increase headcount and hire additional specialized personnel in the future as we pursue our growth objectives. For example, we may need to hire, train and manage additional qualified data scientists, website and app developers, software engineers, financial operations and accounting personnel and sales and marketing staff to properly manage our growth. When we enter or expand operations in a particular city, we may also need to hire a substantial number of staff to effectively manage the new operations, including staff to research local laws and regulations and monitor legal compliance. If our new hires are not available when needed or perform poorly, or if we are unsuccessful in hiring, training, managing and integrating new employees or if we are unsuccessful in retaining existing employees, we may not be able to meet our business and growth objectives. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Our subscriber support function is critical to the success of our business, and any failure to provide high-quality service could affect our reputation and ability to retain our existing subscribers and attract new subscribers. Our ability to provide high-quality support to our subscribers is important for the growth of our business and any failure to maintain such standards of subscriber support, or any perception that we do not provide high-quality service, could affect our ability to retain and attract subscribers. Meeting the support expectations of our subscribers requires significant time and resources from our support team and significant investment in staffing and technology. In particular, many travel reservations made through us include planning assistance, daily housekeeping, related property services and a local concierge to assist subscribers during their travel. If we or our third-party services providers fail to provide these services in a high-quality manner, or these services are not commensurate with those offered by other luxury travel providers such as hotel brands, our brand would be harmed. In addition, as we expand the destinations offered to our subscribers, particularly outside of North America and Europe, we need to be able to provide effective support that meets subscribers expectations in a variety of countries and languages. Our local support is performed by a combination of our internal teams and third-party service providers. We rely on our internal teams and these third parties to provide timely, responsive and high-quality service to our subscribers. Reliance on these third parties requires that we provide proper guidance for their employees, maintain proper controls and procedures for interacting with our subscribers, and ensure acceptable levels of quality and subscriber satisfaction are achieved. We rely on information provided by subscribers and are at times limited in our ability to provide adequate support or help subscribers resolve issues due to our lack of information or control of local third-party staff. To the extent that subscribers are not satisfied with the timeliness, responsiveness or quality of our support, we may not be able to retain subscribers, and our reputation and brand, as well as our business, results of operations and financial condition, could be materially adversely affected. Providing support that is timely, responsive and high-quality is costly, and we expect such cost to continue to rise in the future as we grow our business. We may not be able to obtain sufficient new and recurring supply of luxury accommodations and experiences or to renew our existing supply of luxury accommodations and experiences. We continually pursue entering into additional leases, adding residences to existing leases, and renewing and extending current leases as well as other occupancy arrangements with property owners, resorts, hotels and developers. If we fail to secure or renew leases or other occupancy arrangements for attractive luxury properties, resorts and hotels, we will not be able to expand our portfolio of locations and may not achieve our growth and financial forecasts. We may not be able to add sufficient properties that meet our brand standards at an acceptable cost to meet our strategic goals and financial forecasts. Due to the number of properties that we have already secured under leases or other occupancy arrangements in many locations and our emphasis on providing a luxury travel experience, we may find it more difficult to find additional attractive properties in those markets. In certain international markets, we have less experience and fewer real estate staff, and local regulations and real estate industry practices (including customary lease provisions and governing law) may make it more difficult to identify properties that are consistent with our brand and standards. Even where we identify suitable properties, we may not be able to negotiate leases or other occupancy arrangements on commercially reasonable terms or at all or may incur additional expenses engaging local counsel to assist with lease or other occupancy arrangement negotiations. Our leases and other occupancy arrangements are often complex and require substantial time to negotiate, which makes forecasting our revenue from new properties more difficult. Even where we succeed in signing a lease for a new property, the landlord or developer may be unable or unwilling to deliver the property at the time provided for, or we may encounter other unforeseen delays, such as constructions delays in the case of new developments or in preparing the property for initial subscriber stays. Many newly leased properties become available for subscriber stays only after a considerable period of time, which increases the risk of unforeseen delays in recognizing revenue from such properties. In addition, the success of any new property will depend on our ability to integrate it into existing operations and successfully market it to our subscribers. Newly leased properties could be more difficult or expensive to onboard, have undisclosed conditions that result in unanticipated expenses or claims against us for which we may have little or no effective recourse against the landlord or otherwise may not provide their anticipated benefits. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 In addition to providing luxury accommodations, our business also depends on our ability to provide high-quality, personalized service including travel planning, on-site concierges, daily housekeeping and unique travel experiences. If we are not successful in providing high-quality, luxury experiences to our subscribers, the perceived benefits of subscriptions may decrease and our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely impacted. We have limited experience with our pricing models, particularly for Inspirato Pass, Inspirato for Good, Inspirato for Business and Inspirato Select, and may not accurately predict the long-term rate of subscriber adoption or renewal or the impact these will have on our revenue or results of operations. We generate revenue primarily from travel bookings and subscriptions to our Inspirato Club and Inspirato Pass offerings. Our subscriptions provide varying degrees of travel booking rights, and additional bookings and travel-related services are available on an ad-hoc basis. We have limited experience with respect to determining the optimal prices and pricing models for our subscription plans and other travel-related services, particularly with respect to our newer offerings such as Inspirato Pass, which launched in 2019 and experienced significant disruption in 2020 and 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and our new selections that launched in 2022, Inspirato for Good, Inspirato for Business, and Inspirato Select. As the markets for our offerings mature, as we create new offerings or as new competitors introduce competing offerings, we may be unable to attract new subscribers or retain existing subscribers at the same price or based on the same pricing model as we have used historically. We also have limited experience in determining complementary offerings to provide in conjunction with our subscription plans and which to offer as add-on offerings. Our limited experience in determining the optimal manner in which to bundle our various offerings could reduce our ability to capture the value delivered by our offerings, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. We depend on our key personnel and other highly skilled personnel, and if we fail to attract, retain, motivate or integrate our personnel, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our success depends to a significant degree on the retention of our founders, senior management team, key technical, financial and operations employees and other highly skilled personnel. Our success also depends on our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, retain and integrate highly qualified and diverse personnel for all areas of our organization. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel to fulfill our current or future needs, and future governmental or regulatory orders related to COVID-19, which remain uncertain and cannot be predicted, may also impact our employee retention. Members of our management team or other key employees may terminate their employment with us at any time, and it may be difficult to find suitable replacements on a timely basis, on competitive terms or at all. If we are unable to attract and retain the necessary personnel, particularly in critical areas of our business, we may not achieve our strategic goals. We face intense competition for highly skilled personnel, especially in Denver, Colorado, where we maintain our headquarters. To attract and retain qualified personnel, we have had to offer, and we believe we will need to continue to offer, competitive compensation and benefits packages. Job candidates and existing personnel often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, it may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel. We may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract and retain new employees and expend significant time and resources to identify, recruit, train and integrate such employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. If we are unable to effectively manage our hiring needs or successfully integrate new hires, our efficiency, ability to meet forecasts and employee morale, productivity and retention could suffer, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Our business depends on our reputation and the strength of our brand, and any deterioration could adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our business depends on our reputation and the strength of our brand as a provider of luxury accommodations and experiences. We believe that the strength of our brand is particularly important to our ability to attract and retain subscribers and to compete for attractive new properties. Many factors can affect our reputation and the value of our brand, including our level of service, safety of our subscribers, our approach to health and cleanliness, publicized incidents in or around our properties, ability to protect and use our brand and trademarks, levels of marketing, and the prevalence of other luxury accommodations and experiences in the destinations we serve. In addition, our brand and reputation could be harmed if we fail to act responsibly or we are perceived as not acting responsibly or if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements as interpreted by certain governments or agencies thereof in a number of other areas such as safety and security, data security, privacy practices, provision of information about users and activities on our platform, sustainability, human rights, diversity, non-discrimination and support for employees and local communities. Reputational value is also based on perceptions, and broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of us, our brand and our properties and experiences. It may be difficult to control or effectively manage negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. Social media compounds the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated and the speed with which such negative publicity may spread. Our efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands may not be successful, and even if we are successful in our branding efforts, such efforts may not be cost-effective or as efficient as they have been historically, resulting in increased customer acquisition costs. Our brand and reputation may suffer as a result of any failure to provide service to our subscribers that is commensurate with their expectations. Subscriber complaints or negative publicity about our company, properties, experiences or services could diminish subscribers confidence in us or our brand and impair our relationships with landlords, regulators and other governmental authorities, third-party partners, and others that are important or impactful to our business. Effective subscriber service requires significant personnel and technology expense, and this expense, if not managed properly, could significantly impact our profitability. Failure to manage or train subscriber service representatives properly could compromise our ability to provide travel and experiences that are acceptable to our subscribers. We also rely on third-party companies to provide some subscriber services, including trip planning assistance, concierge services, daily housekeeping and related property services. We do not directly control these companies or their personnel. Negative publicity related to any of our third-party partners, including publicity related to quality standards or safety concerns, could adversely affect our reputation and brand and could potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure. We may also be the subject of blog, social media or forum postings that include inaccurate or negative statements about our properties or services or our business in general that create negative publicity. Any deterioration of our brand could adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. As a result of recognizing revenue in accordance with GAAP, our consolidated financial statements may not immediately reflect changes in customer bookings, cancellations and other operating activities. We experience a difference in timing between when a booking is made for travel and when we recognize revenue, which occurs over the period of stay commencing upon check-in. The effect of significant downturns in bookings in a particular quarter may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods because of this timing in revenue recognition. Our booking metrics are also not necessarily reflective of revenue in a specific time period as a result of potential cancellations and/or rebooking between the original booking and check-in date. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in cancellations of bookings and those bookings were not recognized as revenue until the trips were rebooked and subsequently taken. The failure to successfully execute and integrate acquisitions could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. One element of our growth strategy is to acquire businesses. We may expend significant cash or incur substantial debt to finance such acquisitions, which indebtedness could result in restrictions on our business and significant use of available cash to make payments of interest and principal. In addition, we may finance acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, which could result in further dilution to our stockholders. We may enter into negotiations for acquisitions that are not ultimately consummated. Those negotiations could result in diversion of management time and significant out-of-pocket costs. If we fail to evaluate and execute acquisitions successfully, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, we may not be successful in integrating acquisitions or the businesses we acquire may not perform as well as we expect. Any future failure to manage and successfully integrate acquired businesses could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including the following: difficulties in integrating and managing the combined operations, technology platforms or offerings of the acquired companies and realizing the anticipated economic, operational and other benefits in a timely manner, which could result in substantial costs and delays and failure to execute on the intended strategy and synergies; failure of the acquired businesses to achieve anticipated revenue, earnings or cash flow; diversion of management s attention or other resources from our existing business; our inability to maintain the business relationships of acquired businesses; uncertainty of entry into businesses or geographies in which we have limited or no prior experience or in which competitors have stronger positions; unanticipated costs associated with pursuing acquisitions or greater than expected costs in integrating the acquired businesses; responsibility for the liabilities of acquired businesses, including those that were not disclosed to us or exceed our estimates, such as liabilities arising out of the failure to maintain effective data protection, information security, and privacy controls, and liabilities arising out of the failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including short-term occupancy and tax laws; difficulties in or costs associated with assigning or transferring to us the acquired companies intellectual property or its licenses to third-party intellectual property; inability to maintain our culture and value, ethical standards, controls, procedures and policies; challenges in integrating the workforce of acquired companies and the potential loss of key employees of the acquired companies; challenges in integrating and auditing the financial statements of acquired companies that have not historically prepared financial statements in accordance with GAAP; and potential accounting charges to the extent goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with an acquisition, such as trademarks, business relationships or intellectual property, are later determined to be impaired and written down in value. 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 We rely on consumer discretionary spending and any decline or disruption in the travel and hospitality industries or economic downturn would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our business is particularly sensitive to trends in the travel, real estate and vacation rental markets and in the general economy, which are all unpredictable. Travel is significantly dependent on discretionary spending levels. As a result, sales of travel services tend to decline during general economic downturns, recessions and times of political or economic uncertainty as consumers engage in less discretionary spending, are concerned about unemployment or inflation, have reduced access to credit or experience other concerns or effects that reduce their ability or willingness to travel. Leisure travel in particular, which accounts for substantially all of our current business, is dependent on discretionary consumer spending levels. Downturns in worldwide or regional economic conditions, such as the downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the ongoing geopolitical tensions related to Russia s actions in Ukraine, and the current adverse macroeconomic conditions including inflation, fluctuations in energy prices, rising interest rates and reduced consumer confidence have led to some decrease in leisure travel and travel spending, and similar downturns in the future may materially adversely impact demand for our offerings. Such a shift in consumer behavior could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our operating results, to the extent they reflect changes in the broader travel, real estate and vacation rental industries, may be subject to significant fluctuations. The subscription travel market and the market for our subscription offerings is still relatively new, and if it does not continue to grow, grows more slowly than expected or fails to grow as large as expected, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. We offer a distinctive type of luxury travel service for which the market is still relatively new, and it is uncertain to what extent market acceptance will continue to grow, if at all. Our success will depend on the willingness of potential subscribers and the market at large to adopt our particular model of luxury travel, which differs from both traditional hotels and home-sharing or rental marketplaces. In many geographies, including geographies that we hope to enter in the future, the market for our subscription-based luxury travel is unproven, with little data or research available regarding the market and industry. If potential subscribers do not perceive our accommodations or experiences as compelling, or choose different accommodations due to concerns regarding safety, the availability of on-site staffing, amenities or services associated with traditional hotels, affordability or other reasons, then the market for our luxury travel may not further develop, may develop more slowly than expected or may not achieve our expected growth potential. Such outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, our ability to develop the market in which we operate will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness of landlords and property developers to enter into leases, property development or other occupancy arrangements with us, and our ability to operate in markets without clear or well-established regulations covering properties used in our business. Regulation of short-term occupancy is an evolving field, and in numerous localities, local regulations have been adopted in recent years that seek to discourage short-term occupancy. Moreover, homeowners associations and other associations in communities where our properties are located may seek to restrict the ability of landlords to enter into lease agreements with companies such as us. Additionally, a significant portion of our revenue is driven by our subscription offerings, and the adoption of subscription models in the travel industry is relatively new. For example, Inspirato Pass was first launched in 2019 and Inspirato Select was launched in 2022. If customers do not shift to subscription travel models and subscription travel services do not achieve widespread adoption, or if there is a reduction in demand for subscription travel services, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. For these and other reasons, we may be unable to accurately predict the demand for and the supply of potential units in certain markets, which could cause us to spend more in a certain market than is justified by the resulting revenues, or to miss our financial targets, and could otherwise harm our business. If we are unable to manage the risks presented by our international business model, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially adversely affected. We have leased properties, work with hotel and resort partners and offer Inspirato Only Experiences around the world and continue to expand our operations. Currently, we feature destinations in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Central and South America, the Caribbean and Oceania and plan to continue our efforts to expand internationally, including in jurisdictions where we do not currently operate to a significant degree, such as many countries in Europe, Asia, South America and Oceania. Operating in international markets also requires significant management attention and financial resources. Health epidemics, like the COVID-19 pandemic, may cause international travel restrictions and other regulations to change rapidly, resulting in disruptions to travel plans. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Expansion into new international emerging markets may have risks due to factors specific to those markets. Emerging markets are countries which have less developed economies and may be vulnerable to economic and political instability, such as significant fluctuations in gross domestic product, interest and currency exchange rates, civil disturbances, government instability, nationalization and expropriation of private assets, trafficking and the imposition of taxes or other charges by governments. The occurrence of any of these events in markets where we operate, and the resulting instability may adversely affect our business. We have expanded and expect to continue to expand our service to countries in the Caribbean and Latin America and possibly other jurisdictions throughout the world, some of which have less developed legal systems, financial markets and business and political environments than the U.S. and therefore present greater political, legal, regulatory, economic and operational risks. We have emphasized legal compliance and have implemented and continue to implement and refresh policies, procedures and certain ongoing training of employees with regard to business ethics and compliance, anti-corruption laws and policies and many other key legal requirements; however, there can be no assurance our employees or third party service providers in such locations will adhere to our code of business conduct, anti-corruption law and policies, other Company policies or other legal requirements. If we fail to enforce our policies and procedures properly or maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately record our transactions, we may be subject to sanctions. In the event we believe or have reason to believe our employees have or may have violated applicable laws or regulations, we may be subject to investigation costs, potential penalties and other related costs which in turn could negatively affect our reputation and our results of operations and cash flow. Managing a multinational organization is difficult, time consuming and expensive, and any international expansion efforts that we undertake may not be profitable in the near or long term or otherwise be successful. We have limited operating experience in many foreign jurisdictions and are making significant investments to build our international operations. Conducting international operations subjects us to risks that we generally do not face in the U.S. These risks include: costs, resources and uncertainties associated with tailoring our services in international jurisdictions as needed to better address the needs of subscribers; costs and risks associated with local and national laws and regulations governing zoning, hotels and other accommodations, accessibility, property development and rental, health and safety, climate change and sustainability and employment; differences in local real estate and hotel industry practices, including leasing and hotel transaction terms, that may make it difficult for us to add properties on satisfactory terms or that may require higher than expected upfront payments or other costs; operational and compliance challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences; costs and risks associated with compliance with international tax laws and regulations; costs and risks associated with compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other laws in the U.S. related to conducting business outside the U.S., as well as the laws and regulations of non-U.S. jurisdictions governing bribery and other corrupt business activities; being subject to other laws and regulations, including laws governing online advertising and other Internet activities, email and other messaging, collection, use and other processing of personal data and other content, ownership of intellectual property, taxation and other activities important to our online business practices; political, economic and social instability, war (including ongoing geopolitical tensions related to Russia s actions in Ukraine, resulting sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries, and retaliatory actions taken by Russia in response to such sanctions and the current adverse macroeconomic conditions including inflation, fluctuations in fuel prices, rising interest rates and reduced consumer confidence), armed conflict or terrorist activities; competition with companies that understand the local market better than we do or who have pre-existing relationships with landlords, property developers, regulators and travelers in those markets; and 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some countries. 
 We cannot guarantee that our international expansion efforts in any or multiple territories will be successful. The investment and additional resources required to establish operations and manage growth in other countries may not produce desired levels of revenue or profitability and could instead result in increased costs. We have experienced and may continue to experience significant fluctuations in our results of operations, which make it difficult to forecast our future results. Our results of operations have historically varied from period-to-period and we expect that our results of operations will continue to fluctuate for a variety of reasons, many of which are outside of our control and difficult to predict. We experience seasonal fluctuations in our financial results. Because our results of operations may vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, the results of any one period should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our revenue, expenses, operating results and cash flows, as well as our key operating metrics, have fluctuated from quarter-to-quarter in the past and are likely to continue to do so in the future. These fluctuations are due to, or may result from, many factors, including: the quantity of our accommodations; the timing and success of changes in amenities and services; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health crises on demand for our accommodations and on our operating expenses and capital requirements; the introduction and performance of new properties, experiences, amenities, technologies and services, including how quickly new properties are ready for booking by subscribers and the degree to which we correctly anticipates trends in consumer travel preferences; the timing, cost and success of advertising and marketing initiatives; the amount and timing of financing activities, operating expenses and capital expenditures; changes in prevailing lease rates for attractive properties and any adjustments in rental rates under existing leases; changes in cash flow due to lease renewals and amendments and new lease acquisitions and property onboardings; changes in cash flow due to the seasonal nature of vacation travel and the unpredictability of subscriber cancellations; economic instability in major markets, such as the current adverse macroeconomic conditions including inflation, fluctuations in fuel prices, rising interest rates, reduced consumer confidence and fluctuations in exchange rates; geopolitical uncertainty and instability, such as the ongoing geopolitical tensions related to Russia s actions in Ukraine, resulting sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries and retaliatory actions taken by Russia in response to such sanctions; the introduction of new properties, amenities or services by our competitors; declines or disruptions in the hospitality industry, particularly in cities or regions where we have significant operations; changes in the timing of holidays or other vacation events; unanticipated disruptions or costs due to regulatory issues, including changes in hospitality laws, hotel regulations or zoning or accessibility laws; 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 litigation and settlement costs, including unforeseen attorneys fees and costs; new accounting pronouncements and changes in accounting standards or practices; new laws or regulations, or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations, that harm our business or restrict the hospitality industry, travel, the Internet, e-commerce, online payments or online communications; and other risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Fluctuations in operating results may, particularly if unforeseen, cause us to miss projections we may have provided to the public. In addition, a significant portion of our expenses and investments are fixed and such fluctuations in operating results may cause us to face short-term liquidity issues, impact our ability to retain or attract key personnel or expand our portfolio of properties or cause other unanticipated issues. The hospitality industry is subject to seasonal and cyclical volatility, which may contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations and financial condition. The hospitality industry is seasonal in nature. The periods during which our properties experience higher occupancy vary from property to property, depending principally upon their location, type of property and competitive mix within the specific location and may change with changes in overall availability of lodging and hospitality options within a local market. Based on historical results, we generally expect our revenues to be lower in the second quarter of each year than in each of the three other quarters. In addition, the hospitality industry is cyclical, and demand generally follows the general economy on a lagged basis. The hospitality industry as a whole experienced a downturn driven by the COVID-19 pandemic but has entered into a recovery phase as vaccines and treatments became more widely available and travel restrictions abated. However, this recovery may not progress to the degree expected. The seasonality and cyclicality of our industry may contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations and financial condition. Our leases may be subject to premature termination, which can be disruptive and costly. Our leases or management contracts may be subject to premature termination in certain circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of a developer or landlord, noncompliance with underlying covenants governing the property, or, under some agreements, failure to meet specified financial or performance criteria, which we may fail or elect not to waive or cure, or, in certain leases, termination for convenience by a landlord by providing us prior notice (typically one year). Some of our leased properties have been pledged as collateral for mortgage loans entered into by the owners of the properties when those properties were purchased or refinanced. If those owners cannot repay or refinance maturing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all, such owners may declare bankruptcy and/or lenders could declare a default, accelerate the related debt and foreclose on the subject property. Such foreclosures or bankruptcies could in some cases result in the termination of our leases and eliminate our anticipated income and cash flows, which could have a significant negative effect on our results of operations. Landlords or other business partners may also assert the right to terminate leases or other significant contracts even where the agreements do not provide such a right. If terminations occur for these or other reasons, we may need to enforce our right to damages for breach of contract and related claims, which may cause us to incur significant legal fees and expenses. Any damages we ultimately collect could be less than the projected future value of the revenues and income we would have otherwise generated from the property. For example, if a landlord breaches a lease agreement by terminating without cause, we may choose not to or it may be financially impractical to enforce lease provisions requiring such landlord to pay an administrative fee plus the cost of relocating reservations, and we may choose to settle for a lower amount. Premature terminations of significant agreements could hurt our financial performance or our ability to grow our business. In addition, our ability to negotiate favorable terms to extend an expiring lease or to secure an alternate location will depend on then-prevailing conditions in the real estate market, such as overall rental cost increases, competition from other would-be tenants for desirable leased spaces, our relationships with current and prospective building owners and landlords and other potential factors that are not within our control. If we are not able to renew or replace an expiring lease, we will incur significant costs related to vacating that space and developing alternative space, if any. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 The relatively long-term and fixed-cost nature of our leases may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. We currently lease most of our properties. Our obligations to landlords under these agreements extend for periods that frequently significantly exceed the duration of customers subscriptions, often by many years. Our leases generally provide for fixed monthly payments that are not tied to occupancy rates or revenues, and our leases typically contain minimum rental payment obligations. As a result, if we are unable to maintain sufficient occupancy rates, our lease expenses may not be sufficiently offset by our revenue from subscribers. In addition, we may not be able to lower our fixed monthly payments under our leases in an amount sufficient to offset any revenue lost as a result of future prices that we charge our subscribers, which may also reduce our margins and cash flow. In any such event, we may not have the ability to reduce our rent under the lease or otherwise terminate the lease in accordance with our terms. Many of our leases provide us the ability to terminate leases with appropriate notice. We have limited flexibility to rapidly alter our portfolio of properties and our lease commitments in response to changing circumstances. Leases require substantial time to negotiate, and there is often a significant delay between a lease signing and the availability of a property to our subscribers. In addition, our leases generally require the landlord s consent to assign the lease or sublease the property, which may not be granted or may be granted only on unfavorable terms. Even if we are able to assign or sublease an unprofitable property, we may incur significant costs, including transaction costs associated with finding and negotiating with potential transferees, upfront payments or other inducements, costs to restore the property to our previous condition and other costs to exit the property. Moreover, our leases contain a variety of contractual rights and obligations that may be subject to interpretation. Our interpretations of our leases are sometimes disputed by landlords, which result in expensive and disruptive litigation in some instances. For example, certain landlords have asserted breach of contract for failure to maintain a property in substantially the same condition and in 2020, certain landlords disputed force majeure clauses in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic. Similar disputes may occur in the future. Our failure to satisfy our contractual obligations in these leases could result in defaults under the leases. Any default, claim or dispute regarding our leases or our other occupancy arrangements could result in litigation, damage to our reputation, disruption of operations and our subscribers experiences at the affected property, a requirement that we exit the property earlier than planned and damages or other legal remedies against us, any of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to adapt to changes in technology, our business could be harmed. Because the Inspirato website, custom applications supporting the Inspirato website, the Inspirato app and the algorithms we use to generate trip lists are critical to our business, and subscribers increasingly demand technology-driven features and amenities when they seek accommodations, we will need to continuously modify and enhance our services and business systems to keep pace with technological changes. We may not be successful in developing or obtaining from third parties necessary, functional and popular modifications and enhancements. Furthermore, uncertainties about the timing and nature of these necessary changes could result in unplanned research and development expenses. In addition, if our properties, website or app or internal systems fail to operate effectively with future technologies, we may experience subscriber dissatisfaction, lost revenue, difficulties in providing subscriber service or adding new properties to our portfolio, or other disruptions in our operations may result, any of which could harm our business. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Actions that we are taking to review and optimize our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated. We are shifting our near-term focus from expanding the supply of our portfolio of accommodations to portfolio optimization in order to adapt to a rapidly changing travel landscape. We have dedicated internal resources towards two new offerings, Inspirato for Good and Inspirato for Business, aimed at reducing long-term customer acquisition costs and sales and marketing expense by providing leads and subscriber conversion opportunities to the Inspirato sales pipeline. Further, we completed a 12 workforce reduction in January 2023 in order to further manage costs. While the shift in our business strategy and the workforce reduction are designed to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins, and return to profitability, we may encounter challenges in the execution of these efforts that could prevent us from recognizing the intended benefits of such efforts or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. As a result of the workforce reduction, we have incurred and may continue to incur additional costs in the short-term, including cash expenditures for severance payments, employee benefits and related facilitation costs, as well as non-cash expenditures related to vesting of share-based awards. These additional cash and non-cash expenditures could have the effect of reducing our operating margins. Our workforce reduction may result in other unintended consequences, including employee attrition beyond our intended reduction in force, which may also be further exacerbated by the actual or perceived declining value of our equity awards; damage to our corporate culture and decreased employee morale among our remaining employees, including as a result of reduced employee perks; diversion of management attention; damage to our reputation as an employer, which could make it more difficult for us to hire new employees in the future; and the loss of institutional knowledge and expertise of departing employees. If we experience any of these adverse consequences, our reductions in force and other restructuring efforts may not achieve or sustain their intended benefits, or the benefits, even if achieved, may not be adequate to meet our long-term profitability and operational expectations, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our workforce reduction and other shifts in our business strategy could lead us to fail to meet, or cause delays in meeting, our operational and growth targets. While positions have been eliminated, functions that they performed remain necessary to our operations, and we may be unsuccessful in effectively and efficiently distributing the duties and obligations of departed employees among our remaining employees. The workforce reduction could also prevent us from pursuing new opportunities and initiatives or require us to adjust our growth strategy. As we continue to identify areas of cost savings and operating efficiencies, we may consider implementing further measures to reduce operating costs and improve operating margins. We may not be successful in implementing such initiatives, including as a result of factors beyond our control. If we are unable to realize the anticipated savings and efficiencies from our reductions in force, other restructuring efforts and future strategic initiatives, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. We may become involved in claims, lawsuits and other proceedings that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are involved in various legal proceedings relating to matters incidental to the ordinary course of our business and may be subject to additional legal proceedings from time to time. Legal proceedings can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses or liabilities. The expense of litigation and the timing of this expense from period to period are difficult to estimate and subject to change and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In particular, the international nature of our operations and the number of countries in which we operate could subject us to increased risk of litigation in foreign jurisdictions, which may be lengthier, costlier or less predictable than comparable litigation in the U.S. Because of the potential risks, expenses and uncertainties of litigation, we may, from time to time, settle disputes even where we have meritorious claims or defenses. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Our properties are relatively concentrated in a limited number of travel destinations. Our operations are relatively concentrated in a limited number of travel destinations. Our accommodations and experiences are located in popular vacation destinations, some of which are more heavily utilized on a seasonal basis. As a result, our ability to realize a benefit from our properties in these regions is heavily dependent upon our ability to maintain occupancy during key seasonal periods. In addition, factors influencing the desirability of our properties in a particular city or region or during a specific season could adversely affect our ability to attract new subscribers and retain existing subscribers. Moreover, to the extent that consumer travel preferences change, we may not correctly anticipate these changes in a timely manner, or at all, which could adversely impact our ability to maintain occupancy in our properties. Geographic concentration magnifies the risk to us of localized economic, political, public health and other conditions. We expect that our operations will continue to be concentrated in a limited number of travel destinations. Civil unrest, public health crises, unusual weather, natural disasters or other factors affecting travel to these destinations or other markets in which we are expanding, as well as changes in local competitive conditions, may have a disproportionate effect on our revenue and on our ability to secure sufficient staffing, supplies or services for our largest markets. In addition, our property leasing and onboarding process can take substantial time, which may make it more difficult to compete for subscribers in a newly popular travel destination. We face possible risks associated with natural disasters and the physical effects of climate change, which may include more frequent, severe storms, hurricanes, flooding, rising sea levels, shortages of water, droughts and wildfires, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to the risks associated with natural disasters and the physical effects of climate change, which may include more frequent, severe storms, hurricanes, flooding, rising sea levels, shortages of water, droughts and wildfires, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. To the extent climate change causes changes in weather patterns, our coastal destinations could experience increases in storm intensity and rising sea-levels causing damage to our properties and result in a reduced number of properties in these areas. Climate change may also affect our business by increasing the cost of, or making unavailable, property insurance on terms we or our landlords find acceptable in areas most vulnerable to such events, increasing operating costs, including the cost of water or energy, and requiring us or our landlords to expend funds as they seek to repair and protect their properties in connection with such events. As a result of the foregoing and other climate-related issues, we may be unable to provide properties in certain areas due to climate change, and we may lose both landlords and guests, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available in a timely manner or on favorable terms. We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop or acquire new properties or experiences or enhance our existing properties or experiences, enhance our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If additional funds are raised through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities issued could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders our Inspirato Incorporated Class A common stock Class A Common Stock ). Any debt financing could involve restrictive covenants relating to financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions or strategic partnerships. In addition, we may not be able to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate or satisfactory financing when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 We are subject to risks associated with the employment of hospitality personnel and the use of third-party subscriber services contractors. Our hospitality employees and other subscriber services personnel are critical to our ability to add properties, maintain our properties, strengthen our reputation for subscriber service and attract and retain subscribers. If our relationship with employees in any city or key property, or within our central subscriber services function, deteriorates for any reason, our reputation, subscriber relationships and revenue may suffer, and we may incur costs to replace and retrain additional personnel or third-party contractors. In addition, many of our subscriber services representatives and housekeepers who provide services to us and our subscribers are employed by third-party agencies, that we do not control. Our business and reputation could be harmed in the event of any dispute with these agencies, whether by their staff or with us or if their staff fail to provide services that meet our or our subscribers standards and expectations. In addition, labor costs are a significant component of our operating expenses, and any increase in the cost of wages, benefits or other employee-related costs could cause our results of operations and cash flow to be lower than anticipated. Our costs associated with any future governmental or regulatory orders related to COVID-19 or the current economic or geopolitical instability related to Russia s actions in Ukraine, which remain uncertain and unpredictable, may also impact worker retention and increase costs associated with any re-training of newly hired or newly engaged workers. We may also incur increased legal costs and indirect labor costs because of disputes involving our workforce. The resolution of labor disputes or labor contracts could lead to increased labor costs, either by increases in wages or benefits or by changes in work rules that raise operating costs. Labor disputes and disruptions may also occur within landlords workforces at buildings we occupy, which could harm our subscribers experience and reduce bookings at the affected property. We incur costs relating to the preparation, maintenance, refurbishment and remediation of our luxury properties, which are typically high compared to other travel companies and may be higher than anticipated. We typically incur expenses to prepare a newly leased property for our initial subscribers and to keep our leased properties in an attractive condition. Although we attempt to have the landlord or developer bear some of the capital repair costs, we are often responsible for all or a significant portion of routine property care and maintenance. Even where landlords and developers are contractually responsible for some costs, they may dispute or fail to comply with their obligations. In addition, the terms of our leases generally require that we ensure that the spaces we occupy are kept in good repair throughout the term of the lease. Our leases may also require that we return the space to the landlord at the end of the lease term in essentially the same condition it was delivered to us, which may require removing all fixtures and improvements to the space and often requires repainting and other repair work. The costs associated with our onboarding, maintenance, removal and repair work are often significant and may vary from our forecasts. This is further exacerbated by interruptions to global supply chains and inflation. Because of our focus on providing unique, luxury accommodations, we may incur significantly greater expenses, with greater frequency, to maintain our accommodations in a condition that is satisfactory to our subscribers as compared to other companies in the travel industry. For example, we may expend significantly more on premium fixtures than other travel companies and may be unable to realize economies of scale available to larger hotel companies that utilize standard furniture across rooms in their properties. Accordingly, the costs incurred by us for refurbishing our properties may be less predictable than other travel companies. Any failure to provide luxury accommodations that are acceptable to our subscribers would harm our brand and reputation. If we do not effectively anticipate subscriber preferences and tastes, we may incur additional costs related to further refurbishment or may experience under-utilization of a given property, either of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Since we conduct a significant portion of our business outside the U.S. but report our results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure to adverse movements in currency exchange rates, which may cause our revenue and operating results to differ materially from expectations. In addition, fluctuation in our mix of U.S. and foreign currency denominated transactions may contribute to this effect as exchange rates vary. Moreover, as a result of these exchange rate fluctuations, revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses and other operating results may differ materially from expectations when translated from the local currency into U.S. dollars upon consolidation. For example, if the U.S. dollar weakens relative to foreign currencies, our non-U.S. expenses would be adversely affected when translated into U.S. dollars. Conversely, a rise in the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies would decrease our non-U.S. expenses when translated into U.S. dollars. As exchange rates vary, cost of revenue, operating expenses and other operating results, when translated, may differ materially from expectations. In addition, our operating results are subject to fluctuation if our mix of U.S. and foreign currency denominated transactions and expenses changes in the future. We may enter into hedging arrangements in order to manage foreign currency exposure, but such activity may not completely eliminate fluctuations in our operating results. We are subject to claims and liabilities associated with potential health and safety issues and hazardous substances at our properties. We and the owners of our leased properties are exposed to potentially significant liabilities and compliance costs as a result of any hazardous or unsafe conditions at our properties, including under environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These laws and regulations govern matters such as the release, use, storage and disposal of hazardous and toxic substances and unsafe or unhealthy conditions at hotels and other residential premises. Failure to comply with these laws, including any required permits or licenses, can result in substantial fines or possible revocation of the authority to conduct operations. Any impairment of our or our landlords authority to permit hospitality operations at our leased properties, due to these factors, could harm our reputation and revenue. We could also be liable under environmental, health and safety laws for the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances or unsafe or unhealthy conditions at our currently or formerly leased or managed properties, even if we did not know of or cause the presence or release of the substances or conditions and even where it is contractually the responsibility of our landlord. The presence or release of toxic, unhealthy or hazardous substances or conditions at our properties, such as asbestos, mold, radon gas or lead, could result in governmental investigations and third-party claims for personal injury, property or natural resource damages, business interruption or other losses and costly disputes with our landlords and subscribers. We may encounter claims, governmental investigations and potential enforcement actions about property conditions and related matters in the future. These claims and the need to investigate, remediate or otherwise address hazardous, toxic or unsafe conditions could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. Environmental, health and safety requirements have also become increasingly stringent, and our costs may increase as a result. New or revised laws and regulations or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, such as those related to climate change, could affect the operation of our properties or result in significant additional expense and restrictions on our business operations. We rely on our third-party landlords to deliver properties to us in a safe and suitable condition. We expect to continue to rely on landlords to disclose information about their properties, though such disclosures may be inaccurate or incomplete, and to keep the properties in a safe and compliant condition in accordance with the terms of our leases and applicable law. If unsafe or unhealthy conditions are present or develop at our properties, our subscribers may be harmed, we may be subject to expensive and disruptive claims, and our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Operating as a public company has and will require us to incur substantial costs and substantial management attention. In addition, key members of our management team have limited experience managing a public company. As a public company, we have and will continue to face increased legal, accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including the requirements of Section 404, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and the rules and regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder, the PCAOB and Nasdaq, impose additional reporting and other obligations on public companies. Compliance with public company requirements has and will continue to increase costs and make certain activities more time-consuming. Furthermore, if any issues in complying with those requirements are identified (see the risk factor below titled Our management has identified material weaknesses in their internal control over financial reporting and may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, which may result in material misstatements of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations . ), we could incur additional costs rectifying those issues, and the existence of those issues could harm our reputation or investor perceptions of us. It may also be more expensive to obtain Directors and Officers liability insurance. Risks associated with our status as a public company may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board or as executive officers. The additional reporting and other obligations imposed by these rules and regulations will increase legal and financial compliance costs and the costs of related legal, accounting and administrative activities. These increased costs will require us to divert a significant amount of money that could otherwise be used to expand the business and achieve strategic objectives. Advocacy efforts by stockholders and third parties may also prompt additional changes in governance and reporting requirements, which could further increase costs. In addition, we may be subject to shareholder or stockholder activism, which can lead to additional substantial costs, distract management and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways that we cannot currently anticipate. As a result of disclosure of information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition has become more visible, which may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors. Our executive officers have limited experience in the management of a publicly traded company. Our management team may not successfully or effectively manage our transition to a public company that will be subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under federal securities laws. Their limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies could be a significant disadvantage in that it is likely that an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities, which will result in less time being devoted to the management and growth of Inspirato. We may not have adequate personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal controls over financial reporting required of public companies in the U.S. The development and implementation of the standards and controls necessary for us to achieve the level of accounting standards required of a public company in the U.S. may require costs greater than expected. We are continuing to expand our employee base and hire additional employees to support our operations as a public company, which will increase our operating costs in future periods. Our management has identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls or effective disclosure controls and procedures, which may result in material misstatements of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. We have identified and are currently working to remediate material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting related to our financial closing and reporting process and to our information technology general controls ITGCs ). A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a public company, we are required to maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. As a private company, Inspirato LLC historically had limited accounting and financial reporting personnel and other resources with respect to its internal control over financial reporting. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 The following material weaknesses remain unremediated as of December 31, 2022: We identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as it relates to the implementation of new accounting standards. Specifically, deficiencies were identified relating to the Company s implementation of Accounting Standard Codification No, 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ASC 842 and the on-going accounting for the Company s controlled and managed properties under ASC 842. During 2022, the Company completed a restatement of the Company s balance sheets for the quarterly periods ending March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022 (collectively, the Non-Reliance Periods and its financial statements as of and for the Non-Reliance Periods due to errors relating to the material weakness identified over the Company s implementation and on-going accounting for the Company s controlled and managed properties under ASC 842. We further identified deficiencies in various aspects of our process level control activities related to various financial statement items and assertions and management concluded such deficiencies aggregated to a material weakness. We further identified a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting related to ineffective ITGCs in the areas of user access and segregation of duties related to administration of certain information technology IT systems that support the Company s financial reporting process. 
 We continue to remediate the material weaknesses identified. We are committed to continuing to improve our internal control over financial reporting and will continue to review and improve our internal control over financial reporting controls and ITGCs, as described above. We have hired a number of key appropriately qualified personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge and experience in the application of GAAP, including five Certified Public Accountants with one designated as the Lead Property Accountant and one designated the Vice President of Internal Audit. We have also engaged third party consultants to assist with the design and implementation of ITGCs, more specifically designing additional change management and access controls for our relevant IT applications to further restrict privileged access and implementing controls to review activities for those users who have privileged access. In addition, due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, we have also determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective. If the steps we are taking are insufficient to remediate the material weaknesses successfully and otherwise establish and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, the reliability of our financial reporting, investor confidence in Inspirato, and the value of our Common Stock could be materially and adversely affected. We can give no assurance that the implementation of this plan will remediate these deficiencies in internal control or that additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting will not be identified in the future. Our failure to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could result in further errors in our financial statements that could result in additional restatements of our financial statements and could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, any of which could diminish investor confidence in Inspirato and cause a decline in the price of our Class A Common Stock. Failure to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could also subject us to potential delisting from Nasdaq or any other stock exchange on which our stock is listed or to other regulatory investigations and civil or criminal sanctions. For example, as a result of the material weaknesses and related restatements due to the matters described above, we were not able to timely file our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2022 and received a delisting notice from Nasdaq. For more information, see the risk factor titled There can be no assurance that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq or that will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. Additionally, our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until after we are no longer an emerging growth company. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the market price of our Class A Common Stock. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure Our principal asset is our interest in Inspirato LLC, and we are dependent upon Inspirato LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries for our results of operations, cash flows and distributions. We are a holding company and have no material assets other than our ownership of limited liability company interests of Inspirato LLC following the Business Combination New Common Units ). As such, we have no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow, and our ability to pay taxes and operating expenses, including payments under a tax receivable agreement (the Tax Receivable Agreement ), or declare and pay dividends in the future, if any, are dependent upon the results of operations and cash flows of Inspirato LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries and distributions we receive from Inspirato LLC. There can be no assurance that Inspirato LLC and its subsidiaries will generate sufficient cash flow to distribute funds to us or that applicable state law and contractual restrictions, including negative covenants in its debt instruments, will permit such distributions. Our ability to pay taxes and expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, may be limited by our structure. Our principal asset is a controlling equity interest in Inspirato LLC. As such, we have no independent means of generating revenue. Inspirato LLC will continue to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income will be allocated to holders of its New Common Units, including the Company. Accordingly, we will incur income taxes on our allocable share of any net taxable income of Inspirato LLC and will also incur expenses related to its operations. Pursuant to the Ninth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Inspirato LLC A R Inspirato LLCA ), Inspirato LLC will make cash distributions to the owners of New Common Units in an amount sufficient to fund their tax obligations in respect of the taxable income for the taxable year in excess of taxable losses of Inspirato LLC allocated to them, to the extent previous tax distributions from Inspirato LLC for the taxable year have been insufficient. In addition to tax expenses, we will incur expenses related to our operations, plus payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which may be substantial. We intend to cause Inspirato LLC to make distributions or, in the case of certain expenses, payments in an amount sufficient to allow us to pay our taxes and operating expenses, including distributions to fund any payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. However, Inspirato LLC s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions. If we do not have sufficient funds to pay tax or other liabilities or to fund our operations (as a result of Inspirato LLC s inability to make distributions due to various limitations and restrictions or as a result of the acceleration of the obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement), we may have to borrow funds and thus our liquidity and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. To the extent that we do not make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement when due, as a result of having insufficient funds or otherwise, interest will generally accrue at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 100 basis points or in some cases LIBOR plus 500 basis points until paid. Nonpayment of our obligations for a specified period may constitute a breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and therefore, may accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement resulting in a lump-sum payment. We are required to pay the Continuing Inspirato Members and Blocker Shareholders for certain tax benefits we may claim, and it is expected that the payments we are required to make may be substantial. Exchanges or redemptions of New Common Units for cash or shares of our Class A Common Stock are expected to produce favorable tax attributes for the Company. When the Company acquires New Common Units from Members of Inspirato LLC prior to the Closing other than blocker corporations affiliated with certain institutional investors (the Blockers and the other Members of Inspirato LLC, the Continuing Inspirato Members through these exchanges or redemptions, anticipated tax basis adjustments are likely to increase (for tax purposes) our depreciation and amortization deductions and therefore reduce the amount of income tax we would be required to pay in the future in the absence of this increased basis. This increased tax basis may also decrease the gain (or increase the loss) on future dispositions of certain assets to the extent the tax basis is allocated to those assets. Under the Tax Receivable Agreement, we generally expect to retain the benefit of 15 of the applicable tax savings after our payment obligations as described below are taken into account. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 In connection with Business Combination, we entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement. Under the Tax Receivable Agreement, we generally will be required to pay to the shareholders of the Blockers (the Blocker Shareholders or Continuing Inspirato Members, as applicable, 85 of the tax savings that we realized as a result of increases in tax basis in Inspirato LLC s assets resulting from the sale of New Common Units for the consideration paid pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and the exchange of New Common Units for shares of our Class A Common Stock (or cash) pursuant to the A R Inspirato LLCA, and certain pre-existing tax attributes of the Blocker Shareholders, as well as certain other tax benefits related to entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The increase in tax basis, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges or redemptions, the price of Class A Common Stock at the time of the exchange or redemption, whether such exchanges or redemptions are taxable, the amount and timing of the taxable income we generate in the future, the U.S. federal and state tax rates then applicable, and the portion of our payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement constituting imputed interest. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are expected to give rise to certain additional tax benefits attributable to either further increases in basis or in the form of deductions for imputed interest, depending on the circumstances. Any such benefits are covered by the Tax Receivable Agreement and will increase the amounts due thereunder. In addition, the Tax Receivable Agreement will provide for interest, generally at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 100 basis points or in some cases LIBOR plus 500 basis points, accrued from the due date (without extensions) of the corresponding tax return to the date of payment specified by the Tax Receivable Agreement. We anticipate that the payments that we will be required to make under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be substantial. To the extent that we are unable to make timely payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, the unpaid amounts will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid. Nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore may accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Furthermore, our future obligation to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that may be deemed realized under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that the Company determines. Although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, to challenge a tax basis increase or other tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement, if any subsequent disallowance of tax basis or other benefits were so determined by the IRS, generally it would not be reimbursed for any payments previously made under the Tax Receivable Agreement (although it would reduce future amounts otherwise payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement). As a result, payments could be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement in excess of the tax savings that the Company realizes in respect of the attributes to which the Tax Receivable Agreement relate. The amounts that we may be required to pay under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated in certain circumstances and may also significantly exceed the actual tax benefits that we ultimately realize. The Tax Receivable Agreement provides that if certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combination, or other changes of control were to occur or if, at any time, the Company elects an early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement, then the Tax Receivable Agreement will terminate and our obligations, or our successor s obligations, to make future payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement would accelerate and become immediately due and payable. The amount due and payable in those circumstances is determined based on certain assumptions, including an assumption that the Company would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize all potential future tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. We may need to incur debt to finance payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise. In these situations, our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combination or other changes of control. There can be no assurance that we will be able to finance our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, confers certain benefits upon holders of New Common Units that will not benefit holders of our Class A Common Stock to the same extent as it will benefit the holders of New Common Units. Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, confers certain benefits upon the holders of New Common Units (other than the Company and our Subsidiaries) that will not benefit the holders of our Class A Common Stock to the same extent as it will benefit such holders of New Common Units. We entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement with the Blocker Shareholders and Continuing Inspirato Members, which provides for the payment by us to the Blocker Shareholders or Continuing Inspirato Members, as applicable, of 85 of the tax savings that we realize as a result of increases in tax basis in Inspirato LLC s assets resulting from the sale of New Common Units for the consideration paid pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and the exchange of New Common Units for shares of our Class A Common Stock (or cash) pursuant to the A R Inspirato LLCA, and certain pre-existing tax attributes of the Blockers, as well as certain other tax benefits related to entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Although the Company will retain 15 of the amount of such tax benefits, this and other aspects of our organizational structure may adversely impact the future trading market for Class A Common Stock. Subject to the obligation of Inspirato LLC to make tax distributions and to reimburse us for corporate and other overhead expenses, the Inspirato LLC Board will have the right to determine when distributions will be made to the Inspirato LLC unitholders and the amount of any such distributions. If the Inspirato LLC Board authorizes a distribution, such distribution will be made to the Inspirato LLC unitholders, including the Company, on a pro rata basis in accordance with their respective percentage ownership of New Common Units. However, we are not required to distribute any corresponding amounts as dividends to the holders of our Class A Common Stock. Further, because the Company may have liabilities for taxes resulting from the completion of the Business Combination, under the Tax Receivable Agreement or otherwise, any amounts we may distribute as dividends to the holders of our Class A Common Stock could be less on a per share basis than the amounts distributed by Inspirato LLC to the holders of New Common Units on a per unit basis. Generally, we will not be reimbursed for any payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event that any tax benefits are disallowed. If the IRS challenges the tax basis or other tax attributes that give rise to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and the tax basis or other tax attributes are subsequently required to be adjusted, generally the recipients of payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will not reimburse us for any payments previously made to them. Instead, any excess cash payments made by the Company under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be netted against any future cash payments that the Company might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement. However, a challenge to any tax benefits initially claimed by the Company may not arise for a number of years following the initial time of such payment or, even if challenged early, such excess cash payment may be greater than the amount of future cash payments that the Company might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement and, as a result, there might not be future cash payments to net against. The applicable U.S. federal income tax rules are complex and factual in nature, and there can be no assurance that the IRS or a court will not disagree with our tax reporting positions. As a result, it is possible that we could make cash payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement that are substantially greater than our actual cash tax savings. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 The disparity between the U.S. corporate tax rate and the U.S. tax rate applicable to non-corporate members of Inspirato LLC may complicate our ability to maintain our intended capital structure, which could impose transaction costs on us and require management attention. If and when Inspirato LLC generates taxable income, Inspirato LLC will generally make quarterly tax distributions to each of its members, including the Company, based on each member s allocable share of net taxable income (calculated under certain assumptions) multiplied by an assumed tax rate. The assumed tax rate for this purpose will be the highest effective marginal combined federal, state and local income tax rate applicable to an individual or corporate resident of California (whichever is higher). Currently, the highest marginal federal income tax rate applicable to corporations such as the Company is significantly lower than the highest marginal federal income tax rate applicable to non-corporate taxpayers. As a result of this disparity, we expect to receive tax distributions from Inspirato LLC significantly in excess of our actual tax liability and our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which could result in the Company accumulating a significant amount of cash. This would complicate our ability to maintain certain aspects of our capital structure. Such cash, if retained, could cause the value of a New Common Unit to deviate from the value of a share of our Class A Common Stock. In addition, such cash, if used to purchase additional New Common Units, could result in deviation from the one-to-one relationship between our Class A Common Stock outstanding and New Common Units held by us and our subsidiaries unless a corresponding number of additional shares of our Class A Common Stock are distributed as a stock dividend. We may, if permitted under our debt agreements, choose to pay dividends to all holders of Class A Common Stock with any excess cash. These considerations could have unintended impacts on the pricing of our Class A Common Stock and may impose transaction costs and require management efforts to address on a recurring basis. To the extent that the Company does not distribute such excess cash as dividends on our Class A Common Stock and instead, for example, holds such cash balances or lends them to Inspirato LLC, holders of New Common Units during a period in which the Company holds such cash balances could benefit from the value attributable to such cash balances as a result of redeeming or exchanging their New Common Units and obtaining ownership of our Class A Common Stock (or a cash payment based on the value of our Class A Common Stock). In such case, these holders of New Common Units could receive disproportionate value for their New Common Units exchanged during this time frame. Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Data Privacy We face risks related to our intellectual property. Our intellectual property is important to our success, and we rely on domain name registrations, registered and unregistered trademarks, copyright law, trade secret protection and confidentiality and/or license agreements with our employees, third party providers, partners and others to protect our proprietary rights. We have also applied for patent rights with respect to certain aspects of our technology. We endeavor to defend our intellectual property rights diligently, but intellectual property litigation is expensive and time-consuming and may divert managerial attention and resources from our business objectives. We may not be able to successfully defend our intellectual property rights, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, brand and results of operations. From time to time, in the ordinary course of business, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual property rights of others, and we expect that third parties will continue to assert intellectual property claims, in particular trademark claims, against us, particularly as we expand the complexity and scope of our business. Successful claims against us could result in a significant monetary liability or prevent us from operating our business or portions of our business. In addition, resolution of claims may require us to obtain licenses to use intellectual property rights belonging to third parties, which may be expensive to procure, or to cease using those rights altogether. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our technology contains third-party open-source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open-source software licenses could restrict our ability to operate as intended or could increase our costs. Certain of our owned and third-party technology contains software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under open-source licenses. Use and distribution of open-source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others to compromise or copy our technology. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Some open-source licenses contain requirements that could obligate us to make available source code for modifications or derivative works we creates based upon the type of open-source software we use or grant other licenses to our intellectual property. If we combine our proprietary software with open-source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open-source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our competitive advantages. Alternatively, to avoid the public release of the affected portions of our source code, we could be required to expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software. Although we monitor our use of open-source software to avoid subjecting our technology to conditions we does not intend, the terms of many open-source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our technology. From time to time, there have been claims challenging the use of open-source software against companies that incorporate open-source software into their solutions. As a result, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming violation by us of the terms of an open-source license or ownership of what such parties believe to be their open-source software. Moreover, we cannot assure you that our processes for controlling our use of open-source software in our technology will be effective. If we are held to have breached or failed to fully comply with all the terms and conditions of an open source software license, we could face infringement or other liability or be required to seek costly licenses from third parties to continue providing our offerings on terms that may not be economically feasible, re-engineer our technology, discontinue or delay the provision of our offerings if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis or make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our storage, use, disclosure and other processing of personal data exposes us to risks of internal or external security breaches and incidents and could give rise to liabilities and/or damage to reputation. The security of data when engaging in electronic commerce is essential to maintaining consumer confidence. Among other things, we may collect subscribers credit card data, proof of identity and other personal information as part of the booking process. Additionally, we collect and process other personal information, such as personal information of our employees and contractors, and we process and maintain other confidential and proprietary information, such as our confidential and proprietary business information. Cyberattacks and other attempts to obtain unauthorized access to systems or data by individuals, groups of hackers and state-sponsored organizations are increasing in frequency and sophistication and are constantly evolving. Because our subscribers are generally high-income or high net-worth individuals, we may be particularly attractive as a target for cyberattacks and other attacks. Security breaches and incidents may also occur due to misuse or misappropriation of subscribers personal data by employees or third-party contractors. Additionally, we make use of third-party service providers to store and otherwise process data on our behalf, and they face similar risks of security breaches and incidents and may suffer from security vulnerabilities or malicious code and may introduce them to our systems. Any security breach, cyberattack or other security incident, whether instigated internally or externally on our systems or third-party systems, or the perception that any such breach or incident has occurred, could significantly harm our reputation and therefore our business, brand, market share and results of operations. It is possible that computer circumvention capabilities, new discoveries or advances or other developments, including our own acts or omissions, could result in a compromise or systems used in our business or a security breach or incident impacting breach of subscriber data or other data stored or processed by us or on our behalf. For example, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or subscriber services contractors, travel service provider partners or consumers to disclose usernames, passwords or other sensitive information phishing ), which may in turn be used to access our information technology systems or to defraud our partners or subscribers. Third parties may also attempt to take over subscribers accounts by using passwords, usernames and other personal information obtained elsewhere. We have experienced targeted and organized phishing and account takeover attacks and may experience more in the future. These risks are likely to increase as we expand our business and store and process more data, including personal information. Our efforts to protect information from unauthorized access may be unsuccessful or may result in the rejection of legitimate attempts to book reservations, each of which could result in lost business and have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Our existing security measures may not be successful in preventing security breaches and other security incidents. A party (whether internal, external, an affiliate or unrelated third party) that is able to circumvent our security systems could gain unauthorized access to our systems and steal, modify, encrypt or otherwise render unavailable, destroy, disclose or otherwise without authorization process subscriber information, transaction data or other information. In the last several years, major companies experienced high-profile security breaches that exposed their systems and information and/or their consumers or employees personal information, and it is expected that these types of events will continue to occur. Although we are increasing resources to protect against security breaches and incidents, it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate these risks, particularly as the frequency and sophistication of cyberattacks increases. For example, cybersecurity researchers have warned of potential increases in cyberattack activity in connection with Russia s activities in Ukraine. We have experienced and responded to cyberattacks, which we believe have not had a significant impact on the integrity of our systems or the security of data, including subscriber data we maintain. These issues are likely to become more difficult to manage as we expand the number of places where we operate and the number of our subscribers, and as the tools and techniques used in such attacks become more advanced. Additionally, the security risks we and our third-party service providers face are heightened by many of our respective employees and service providers working remotely. Security breaches or incidents, including ransomware attacks and other cyberattacks and attacks introducing other types of malicious code, could result in severe disruptions of and damage to our information technology infrastructure, including damage that could impair our ability to book stays, collect payments or otherwise operate our business, or the ability of consumers to make reservations or access our properties or in-room features and services, as well as loss or other unauthorized processing of subscriber, financial or other data that could materially and adversely affect our ability to conduct our business or satisfy our commercial obligations. Security breaches and cyberattacks or other security incidents, or the perception that any of these has occurred, could also result in negative publicity, damage our reputation, expose us to risk of loss or litigation and possible liability, subject us to regulatory investigations and other proceedings, penalties and sanctions or cause consumers to lose confidence in our security and choose to stay with our competitors, any of which would have a negative effect on our brand, market share, results of operations and financial condition. Our insurance policies have coverage limits and deductibles and may not be adequate to reimburse us for all losses caused by security breaches and incidents. We also face risks associated with security breaches and incidents affecting third parties conducting business over the Internet. Consumers generally are concerned with security and privacy on the Internet, and any publicized security problems could negatively affect consumers willingness to provide private information or affect online commercial transactions generally. Additionally, our subscribers could be affected by security breaches and incidents at third parties such as travel service providers. A security breach or incident impacting any such third party could be perceived by consumers as a security breach or incident impacting our systems and in any event could result in negative publicity, subject us to notification requirements, damage our reputation, expose us to risk of loss or litigation and possible liability and subject us to regulatory penalties and sanctions. In addition, such third parties may not comply with applicable disclosure requirements, which could expose us to liability. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 If we fail to comply with federal, state and foreign laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and information security, we may face potentially significant liability, negative publicity and an erosion of trust, and increased regulation could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In our processing of travel transactions and information about subscribers and their stays, we receive and store a large volume of data, including personal data and other data relating to individuals. Numerous federal, state, local and international laws and regulations relate to privacy, data protection, information security and the storing, sharing, use, transfer, disclosure protection and other processing of personal information and other content, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions or conflict with other rules. These laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and information security are evolving and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. For example, the European Union s EU s) General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), in effect since May 25, 2018, imposes more stringent data protection requirements than previous EU data protection laws and provides for penalties for noncompliance of up to the greater of 20 million or four percent of worldwide annual revenues. In addition, the Court of Justice of the European Union (the CJEU invalidated the U.S.-EU Privacy Shield in July 2020. The GDPR requires certain measures in order for the personal data of EU residents to be transferred to the U.S. for processing. The U.S.-EU Privacy Shield was one such measure. The CJEU s decision also called into question the validity of the EU Standard Contractual Clauses SCC s) - the other widely used means for transferring data to the U.S. The CJEU opinion found the SCCs a valid basis for transfer but found that a data processor must also have in place additional safeguards to provide GDPR-level protection for EU personal data. The European Commission has issued revised SCCs to address these and other concerns, and the United Kingdom has issued new standard contractual clauses. These both are required to be implemented. The CJEU opinion and related developments have necessitated additional steps to legitimize impacted personal data transfers, and we may find it necessary or desirable to further modify our data handling practices in connection with this decision or future legal challenges or related developments relating to cross-border data transfers from the European Economic Area EEA ), United Kingdom, Switzerland or other jurisdictions. This could result in increased costs of compliance and limitations on us and our service providers and other third parties we work with. This CJEU decision or future legal challenges also could result in Inspirato being required to implement duplicative, and potentially expensive, information technology infrastructure and business operations or could limit our ability to collect or process personal information in Europe or other regions, may necessitate additional contractual negotiations and may serve as a basis for our personal data handling practices, or those of our service providers or other third parties we work with, to be challenged. Any of these or other changes or developments impacting cross-border data transfers could disrupt our business and otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. The number of data protection laws globally is rising as more jurisdictions explore new or updated comprehensive data protection regimes or propose or enact other laws or regulations addressing local storage of data or other matters. In Canada, numerous laws and regulations, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act and provincial legislation, apply to the collection, use and other processing of personal information, with potential fines, penalties and other liabilities for noncompliance. The United Kingdom enacted a Data Protection Act in May 2018 that substantially implements the GDPR and has implemented legislation referred to as the UK GDPR that generally provides for the GDPR to be implemented in the United Kingdom. This legislation provides for substantial penalties for noncompliance of up to the greater of 17.5 million or four percent of worldwide revenues. While the EU has deemed the United Kingdom an adequate country to which personal data could be exported from the EEA, this decision is required to be renewed after four years of being in effect and may be modified, revoked or challenged in the interim, creating uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data to the United Kingdom from the EEA. In the U.S., the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA went into effect on January 1, 2020. Among other things, the CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and afford such consumers new abilities to access and delete their personal information and to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. On November 3, 2020, California voters approved the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ), which became operative January 1, 2023. The CPRA significantly modifies the CCPA and further aligns California privacy laws with the GDPR. Similar legislation has been proposed or adopted in other states. For example, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut have all enacted omnibus privacy legislation that went into effect, or will go into effect, in 2023. These state laws in Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut share similarities with the CCPA, CPRA and legislation proposed in other states. Aspects of the CCPA, the CPRA and these other state laws and regulations, as well as their enforcement, remain unclear. Additionally, the U.S. federal government is contemplating privacy legislation. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 We will need to closely monitor developments, including enforcement actions or private litigation under the GDPR, CCPA, CPRA and other laws to determine whether we will need to modify our data processing practices and policies, which may result in us incurring additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply. We are also subject to the terms of our privacy policies and contractual obligations to third parties related to privacy, data protection and information security and may be subject to other actual or asserted obligations, including industry standards, relating to privacy, data protection and information security. We strive to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies and other legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection and information security to the extent possible. However, the regulatory frameworks for privacy, data protection and information security worldwide are evolving rapidly, and it is possible that these or other actual or alleged obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to subscribers or other third parties, applicable laws or regulations or any of our other legal obligations could materially adversely affect our business. Additionally, if third parties we work with, such as sub-processors, vendors or developers, violate applicable laws or regulations, contractual obligations or our policies - or if it is perceived that such violations have occurred - such actual or perceived violations may also have an adverse effect on our business. Further, any significant change to applicable laws, regulations or industry practices regarding the collection, use, retention, security, disclosure or other processing of data, or regarding the manner in which the express or implied consent of users for the collection, use, retention, disclosure or other processing of data is obtained, could increase our costs and require us to modify our business practices. Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties We rely on partners and third-party service providers and if such third parties do not perform adequately or terminate their relationships, our costs may increase and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our success depends in part on our relationships with our partners and third-party service providers. For example, we use third parties to provide housekeeping services, manage our reservation systems and maintain our subscription platform. If any of our third-party providers terminates their relationship with us or refuses to renew their agreement with us on commercially reasonable terms, we would need to find alternate providers and may not be able to secure similar terms or replace such providers in acceptable time frames. Third-party providers which do not have readily available alternate solutions in the marketplace may require internally developed products in order to maintain current functionality. Moreover, we are limited by exclusivity terms and other restrictions with certain third-party service providers which may limit our ability to enter into relationships with new or alternative third-party service providers. Our relationships with our partners continue to shift as industry dynamics change, and our partners may be less willing to partner with us as such shifts occur. If any significant partner decided to compete with us, it could adversely impact our sales and harm our business, operating results and prospects. Furthermore, any negative publicity related to any of our third-party partners, including any publicity related to quality standards or safety concerns, could adversely affect our reputation and brand and could potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 We depend on landlords for maintenance and other significant obligations related to our properties, and any failures in this area could hurt our business. We do not own any of our properties and manage and operate them under leases or other occupancy arrangements with third-party landlords. At certain of our properties, our subscriber units comprise only a portion of the building, and common areas and amenities are often shared with other tenants or unit owners. We depend on our landlords to deliver properties in a suitable condition and to perform important maintenance, repair and other activities that affect our operations and subscribers experience at certain properties. We have no control over common areas of buildings in which certain of our units are located. If our landlords do not fulfill their obligations or fail to maintain and operate their buildings appropriately, our business, reputation and subscriber relationships may suffer. The nature of our rights and responsibilities under our leases may be subject to interpretation and will from time to time give rise to disagreements, which may include disagreements over the timing and amount of capital investments or improvements, operational and repair responsibilities, liability to third parties, a party s right to terminate a lease and reimbursement for certain renovations and costs. We seek to resolve any disagreements and develop and maintain positive relations with current and potential landlords, but we cannot always do so. Failure to resolve such disagreements has resulted in litigation in the past and could result in litigation in the future. If any such litigation results in an adverse judgment, settlement or court order, we could suffer significant losses, our profits could be reduced, and our ability to operate our business could be constrained. We incorporate technology from third parties into our technology. We incorporate technology from third parties into our technology. We cannot be certain that our licensors are not infringing the intellectual property rights of others or that our suppliers and licensors have sufficient rights to the technology in all jurisdictions in which we may operate. If we are unable to obtain or maintain rights to any of this technology because of intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties against our suppliers and licensors or against us, our ability to operate some aspects of our business could be limited and our business could be harmed. In addition, some of our license agreements may be terminated by our licensors for convenience. If we are unable to obtain necessary technology from third parties, we may be forced to acquire, license or develop alternate technology, which may require significant time and effort and may be of lower quality or performance standards. This would limit and delay our ability to provide new or competitive offerings and increase our costs. In addition, we may be unable to enter into new agreements on commercially reasonable terms or develop our own technologies and amenities relying on or containing technology previously obtained from third parties. If alternate technology cannot be obtained, licensed or developed, we may not be able to offer certain functionality to subscribers or manage our business as we had intended, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on third-party payment processors to process payments made by subscribers, and if we cannot manage our relationships with such third parties and other payment-related risks, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. We rely on a limited number of third-party payment processors to process payments made by our subscribers. If any of our third-party payment processors terminates its relationship with us or refuses to renew its agreement with us on commercially reasonable terms, we would need to find an alternate payment processor and may not be able to secure similar terms or replace such payment processor in an acceptable time frame. Furthermore, the software and services provided by our third-party payment processors may fail to meet our expectations, contain errors or vulnerabilities, be compromised or experience outages. Any of these risks could cause us to lose our ability to accept online payments or other payment transactions, any of which could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain subscribers or disrupt our operations. Nearly all payments made by our subscribers are made by credit card, debit card or through third-party payment services, which subjects us to certain regulations and to the risk of fraud. We may in the future offer new payment options to subscribers that may be subject to additional regulations and risks. We are also subject to a number of other laws and regulations relating to the payments we accept from our subscribers, including with respect to money laundering, money transfers, privacy and information security, and these regulations may differ by locality and can be expected to change over time. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 For example, if we are deemed to be a money transmitter as defined by applicable regulation, we could be subject to certain laws, rules and regulations enforced by multiple authorities and governing bodies in the U.S. and numerous state and local agencies who may define money transmitter differently. For example, certain states may have a more expansive view of who qualifies as a money transmitter. Additionally, outside of the U.S., we could be subject to additional laws, rules and regulations related to the provision of payments and financial services, and if we expand into new jurisdictions, the foreign regulations and regulators governing our business that we are subject to will expand as well. If we are found to be a money transmitter under any applicable regulation and we are not in compliance with such regulations, we may be subject to fines or other penalties in one or more jurisdictions levied by federal or state or local regulators, including state Attorneys General, as well as those levied by foreign regulators. In addition to fines, penalties for failing to comply with applicable rules and regulations could include criminal and civil proceedings, forfeiture of significant assets or other enforcement actions. We could also be required to make changes to our business practices or compliance programs as a result of regulatory scrutiny. Payment regulations and standards are evolving and unfavorable industry-specific laws, regulations, interpretive positions or standards could harm our business. Our payment processors expect attestation of compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (the PCI-DSS). If we are unable to comply with the PCI-DSS or other applicable policies, guidelines or controls, or if our third-party payment processors are unable to obtain approval to process payments, our business may be harmed. For example, failing to maintain our Attestation of Compliance for the PCI-DSS could result in monthly fines or other adverse consequences until compliance is achieved and may result in cessation of third-party credit card processing services, increased costs of processing credit card payments, as well as potential fines, penalties and other liabilities. Existing third parties or future business partnerships may opt out of processing payment card transactions if we are unable to achieve or maintain industry-specific certifications or other requirements or standards relevant to our subscribers and business partners. Risks Related to Government Regulation Unfavorable changes in, or interpretations or enforcement of, government regulations or taxation of the evolving hospitality, Internet and e-commerce industries could harm our operating results. We operate in markets throughout the world, in jurisdictions which have various regulatory and taxation requirements. Our regulatory compliance efforts are burdensome because each local jurisdiction has different requirements, including with respect to zoning, licensing and permitting, sanitation, accessibility, taxes, employment, labor and health and safety, and regulations in the industry are constantly evolving. We operate units in multiple states and international jurisdictions. Our business efficiencies and economies of scale depend on reducing variations among properties and subscriber services across all jurisdictions in which we operate. Compliance requirements that vary significantly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction reduce our ability to achieve economies of scale, add compliance costs and increase the potential liability for compliance deficiencies. In addition, laws or regulations that may harm our business could be adopted, or interpreted in a manner that affects our activities, including but not limited to the regulation of personal and consumer information, consumer advertising, labor laws, accessibility, health and safety and real estate and hotel licensing and zoning requirements. Violations or new interpretations of these laws or regulations may result in penalties, disrupt our ability to operate existing properties or to develop new ones, negatively impact our subscriber relations or operations in other ways, increase our expenses and damage our reputation and business. In addition, since we began our operations, there have been, and continue to be, regulatory developments that affect the travel industry and the ability of companies like Inspirato to offer accommodations for specified durations or in certain neighborhoods. These include short-term occupancy regulations and restrictions adopted by municipalities and homeowners associations where our properties are located. In addition, many of the fundamental statutes and regulations that impose taxes or other obligations on travel and lodging companies were established before the growth of the Internet and e-commerce, which creates a risk of these laws being used in ways not originally intended that could harm our business. These and other similar new and newly interpreted regulations could increase our costs, require us to reduce or even cease operations in certain locations, reduce the diversity and number of units available for us to lease and offer to subscribers and otherwise harm our business and operating results. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 From time to time, we may become involved in challenges to or disputes with government agencies regarding laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in these challenges or disputes. Furthermore, if we were required to comply with regulations and government requests that negatively impact our relations with subscribers, our business, operating results and financial results could be adversely impacted. Additionally, new, changed or newly interpreted or applied laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances, including tax laws, could increase landlords compliance, operating and other costs. This, in turn, could deter landlords from renting their properties to us, negatively affect lease renewals, impair landlords ability or willingness to repair and maintain leased properties or increase costs of doing business. Any or all of these events could adversely impact our business and financial performance. Furthermore, as we expand or change our business and the services that we offer or the methods by which we offer them, we may become subject to additional legal regulations, tax requirements or other risks. Whether we comply with or challenge these additional regulations, our costs may increase, and our business may otherwise be harmed. Changes in our effective tax rate could harm our future operating results. The Company is subject to federal and state income taxes in the U.S. and in various international jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate are subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by several factors, including: earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher tax rates; effects of certain non-tax-deductible expenses, including those arising from the requirement to expense stock-based compensation; changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; adverse outcomes resulting from any tax audit, including transfer pricing adjustments with respect to intercompany transactions; limitations on our ability to utilize our net operating losses and other deferred tax assets; and changes in accounting principles or changes in tax laws and regulations, or the application of tax laws and regulations, including those relating to income tax nexus or possible U.S. changes to the deductibility of expenses attributable to foreign income or the foreign tax credit rules. 
 Significant judgment is required in the application of accounting guidance relating to uncertainty with respect to income taxes. If tax authorities challenge our (including Inspirato LLC s) tax positions, any such challenges that are settled unfavorably could adversely impact our provision for income taxes. Additionally, as the Inspirato LLC Members continue to exchange their New Common Units for shares of our Class A Common Stock, we will be responsible for a greater share of the tax payments due as a result of Inspirato LLC s operations. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Our structure and intercompany arrangements cause us to be subject to the tax laws of various jurisdictions, and we could be obligated to pay additional taxes, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We are expanding our international operations and personnel to support our business in international markets. We generally contract our international operations through wholly-owned subsidiaries and are or may be required to report our taxable income in various jurisdictions worldwide based upon our business operations in those jurisdictions. Our intercompany relationships are subject to complex transfer pricing regulations administered by tax authorities in various jurisdictions. The amount of taxes we pay in different jurisdictions may depend on the application of the tax laws of such jurisdictions, including the U.S., to our international business activities, changes in tax rates, new or revised tax laws, interpretations of existing tax laws and policies and our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with our structure and intercompany arrangements. The relevant tax authorities may disagree with our determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such a disagreement were to occur, and our position was not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows and lower overall profitability of our operations. If existing tax laws, rules or regulations are amended, or if new unfavorable tax laws, rules or regulations are enacted, including with respect to occupancy, sales, value-added, excise, withholding or revenue-based taxes, unclaimed property or other tax laws applicable to the multinational businesses, the results of these changes could increase our tax liabilities. Possible outcomes include double taxation, multiple levels of taxation, or additional obligations, prospectively or retrospectively, including the potential imposition of interest and penalties. If such costs are passed on to our subscribers, demand for our products and services could decrease, or there could be increased costs to update or expand our technical or administrative infrastructure, or the scope of our business activities could be effectively limited should we decide not to conduct business in particular jurisdictions. We are subject to federal, state and local income, sales and other taxes in the U.S. and income, withholding, transaction and other taxes in numerous foreign jurisdictions. Evaluating our tax positions and our worldwide provision for taxes is complicated and requires exercising significant judgment. During the ordinary course of business, there are many activities and transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. In addition, our tax obligations and effective tax rates could be adversely affected by changes in the relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations, principles, and interpretations. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act (the IRA was signed into law on August 16, 2022, and became effective beginning in 2023. The IRA imposes a 15 minimum tax on global adjusted financial statement income for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, and a 1 excise tax on certain share repurchases occurring after December 31, 2022. We do not currently expect that the IRA will have a material impact on our income tax liability. Furthermore, we may be audited in various jurisdictions, and such jurisdictions may assess additional taxes (including income taxes, sales taxes and value added taxes) against us. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of any tax audits or litigation could differ materially from our historical tax provisions and accruals, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows in the period or periods for which a determination is made. There is also a high level of uncertainty in today s tax environment stemming from both global initiatives put forth by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD and unilateral measures being implemented by various countries due to a lack of consensus on these global initiatives. As an example, the OECD has put forth two proposals Pillar One and Pillar Two that revise the allocation of revenues to market jurisdictions based on customer jurisdiction rather than physical presence of the provider and ensure a minimal level of taxation, respectively. These measures and corresponding tariffs in response to such measures create additional tax liabilities and uncertainty. As a result, we may have to pay higher taxes in countries where such rules are applicable. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Tax authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected, or in the future should collect, sales and use, value added or similar taxes, and we could be subject to substantial liabilities with respect to past or future sales, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We currently collect and remit applicable sales taxes and other applicable transfer taxes in jurisdictions where we, through our employees or economic activity, have a presence and where we have determined, based on applicable legal precedents, that our business activities are classified as taxable. We do not currently collect and remit state and local excise, utility user, or ad valorem taxes, fees or surcharges in jurisdictions where we believe we do not have sufficient nexus. The application of indirect taxes, such as sales and use, value added, goods and services, business, and gross receipts taxes, to businesses that transact online, such as ours, is a complex and evolving area. There is uncertainty as to what constitutes sufficient nexus for a state or local jurisdiction to levy taxes, fees and surcharges on sales made over the Internet, and there is also uncertainty as to whether our characterization of our traveler accommodations in certain jurisdictions will be accepted by state and local tax authorities. It is possible that we could face indirect tax audits and that one or more states, local jurisdictions or foreign tax authorities could seek to impose additional indirect or other tax collection and record-keeping obligations on us or may determine that such taxes should have, but have not been, paid by us. There are substantial ongoing costs associated with complying with the various indirect tax requirements in the numerous markets in which we conduct or may conduct business. The application of existing or future indirect tax laws, whether in the U.S. or internationally, or the failure to collect and remit such taxes, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The costs and other risks associated with the Americans with Disabilities Act and similar legislation outside of the U.S. may be substantial. We are subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act, commonly referred to as the ADA, and similar laws and regulations in certain jurisdictions outside of the U.S. These laws and regulations require public accommodations to meet certain requirements related to access and use by people with disabilities. Our landlords may not have designed, constructed or implemented procedures on their properties to comply fully with the ADA or similar laws, and efforts by them or by us to achieve compliance may be costly, may delay planned openings of newly leased properties and could be disruptive to existing subscribers. Operators of websites or other online tools are also occasionally targeted by complaints that they have failed to make their websites sufficiently accessible. We may be required to expend substantial resources to remedy any noncompliance at our leased properties or in our app or website, or to defend against complaints of noncompliance, even if they lack merit. If we fail to comply with the requirements of the ADA or similar laws, we could be subject to fines, penalties, injunctive action, costly legal proceedings, reputational harm and other business effects that could materially and adversely affect our brand and results of operations. Failure to comply with consumer protection, marketing and advertising laws, including with regard to direct marketing and Internet marketing practices, could result in fines or place restrictions on our business. Our business is subject to various laws and regulations governing consumer protection, advertising and marketing. We may encounter governmental and private party investigations and complaints in areas such as the clarity, accuracy and presentation of information on our website. In addition, our marketing activities will be subject to various laws and regulations in the U.S. and internationally that govern online and other direct marketing and advertising practices. Its marketing activities could be restricted, our subscriber relationships and revenues could be adversely affected, and our costs could increase due to changes required in our marketing, listing or booking practices or any investigations, complaints or other adverse developments related to these laws and regulations. Failure to comply with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws, and similar laws, could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA ), the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201 and possibly other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws in countries outside of the United States where we conduct our activities. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees, agents, representatives, business partners and third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 We sometimes leverage third parties to sell our products and conduct our business abroad. Inspirato, our employees, agents, representatives, business partners and third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities and we may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these employees, agents, representatives, business partners or third-party intermediaries even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. We cannot assure you that all of our employees, agents, representatives, business partners or third-party intermediaries will not take actions in violation of applicable law for which we may be ultimately held responsible. As we increase our international sales and business, our risks under these laws may increase. These laws also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that none of our employees, agents, representatives, business partners or third-party intermediaries will take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. Any allegations or violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, fines, damages, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions or suspension or debarment from government contracts, all of which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and prospects. Responding to any investigation or action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of our management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. We are subject to governmental export and import controls and economic sanctions programs that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate these controls. In many cases, our business activities are subject to U.S. and international import and export control laws and regulations including trade and economic sanctions maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. As such, an export license may be required to export or reexport our services to certain countries and end-users, including to certain U.S. embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments and persons and for certain end-uses. If we were to fail to comply with such import or export control laws and regulations, trade and economic sanctions or other similar laws, we could be subject to both civil and criminal penalties, including substantial fines, possible incarceration for employees and managers for willful violations and the possible loss of our export or import privileges. Obtaining the necessary export license for a particular sale or offering may not be possible and may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. The following developments could result in decreased use of our services by or in our decreased ability to provide our services to existing or potential end-customers with international operations: any change in export or import laws or regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation; shift in the enforcement or scope of existing export, import or sanctions laws or regulations; or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such export, import or sanctions laws or regulations. Any decreased use of our products or services or limitation on our ability to export to or sell our products or services in international markets could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. At present, we do not have any properties within Eastern Europe or Northern Asia, and have thus, not been affected by those sanctions posed by and/or against the Russian Federation. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Securities of the Company The market price of shares of our Class A Common Stock may be volatile, which could cause the value of your investment to decline. The market price of our Class A Common Stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. Securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. The securities markets have experienced significant volatility since the COVID-19 pandemic. Market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, such as the ongoing geopolitical tensions related to Russia s actions in the Ukraine and the current adverse macroeconomic conditions including inflation, fluctuations in energy prices, rising interest rates and reduced consumer confidence, could reduce the market price of shares of our Class A Common Stock regardless of our operating performance. Our operating results could be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors due to a number of potential factors, including: (1) variations in quarterly operating results or dividends, if any, to stockholders, (2) additions or departures of key management personnel, (3) publication of research reports about our industry, (4) litigation and government investigations, (5) changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations or differing interpretations or enforcement of laws or regulations affecting our business, (6) adverse market reaction to any indebtedness incurred or securities issued in the future, (7) changes in market valuations of similar companies, (8) adverse publicity or speculation in the press or investment community, (9) announcements by competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, dispositions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments and (10) economic instability in major markets and geopolitical and recessionary macroeconomic conditions. In response, the market price of shares of our Class A Common Stock could decrease significantly. You may be unable to resell your shares of our Class A Common Stock at or above your purchase price. Following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against such company. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources. Our ability to timely raise capital in the future may be limited, or capital may be unavailable on acceptable terms, if at all. The failure to raise capital when needed could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Debt or equity issued to raise additional capital may reduce the value of our Class A Common Stock. We cannot be certain when or if our operations will generate sufficient cash to fund our ongoing operations or the growth of our business. We intend to make investments to support our current business and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features or enhance our software, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to invest in our future growth opportunities, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. If we incur debt, the debt holders could have rights senior to holders of our Class A Common Stock to make claims on our assets. The terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends on our Class A Common Stock. If we issue additional equity securities in the future, stockholders will experience dilution, and the new equity securities could have rights senior to those of our Class A Common Stock. Because the decision to issue securities in the future will depend on numerous considerations, including factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of any future issuances of debt or equity securities. As a result, stockholders will bear the risk of future issuances of debt or equity securities reducing the value of their Class A Common Stock and diluting their interest. A small number of stockholders have substantial control over the Company, which may limit other stockholders ability to influence corporate matters and delay or prevent a third party from acquiring control over the Company. A small number of stockholders have substantial control over the Company, and this significant concentration of ownership may have a negative impact on the trading price for our Class A Common Stock because investors often perceive disadvantages in owning stock in companies with controlling stockholders. In addition, these stockholders will be able to exercise influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of the Company or our assets. This concentration of ownership could limit stockholders ability to influence corporate matters and may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control, including a merger, consolidation or other business combination or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control, even if that change in control would benefit the other stockholders. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 There can be no assurance that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq or that will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. Our Class A Common Stock and Warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols ISPO and ISPOW, respectively. On February 14, 2022, we received written notice from the Staff of the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of Nasdaq stating that the Staff had determined that the we had not complied with the requirements of IM-5101-2 because (i) we had not demonstrated that our Class A Common Stock complied with the minimum 400 Round Lot Holder requirement in Listing Rule 5405(a)(3) and (ii) our Warrants did not qualify for initial listing since the security underlying the Warrant, our Class A Common Stock, did not qualify. On March 9, 2022, we received a letter from the Staff of Nasdaq informing us that we had regained compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule IM-5101-2 and that we were in compliance with the Nasdaq Global Market s listing requirements and our securities continue to trade on Nasdaq. Even though we were able to regain compliance with the Nasdaq listing standards with respect to our Class A Common Stock and Warrants, we can provide no assurance that we can maintain compliance with those standards. Separately, on November 18, 2022, we received a notice from the Staff notifying us that we were not in compliance with the periodic filing requirements for continued listing set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) as a result of our failure to file our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 with the SEC by the required due date. We filed our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 on December 19, 2022 to regain compliance with Nasdaq Global Market s listing requirements. If Nasdaq delists the Company s securities from trading on its exchange for failure to meet the listing standards, the Company and our stockholders could face significant negative consequences including: limited availability of market quotations for the Company s securities; a determination that our Class A Common Stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A Common Stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possible reduction in the level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for shares of our Class A Common Stock; a limited amount of analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 If our operating and financial performance in any given period does not meet the guidance provided to the public or the expectations of investment analysts, the market price of our Class A Common Stock may decline. We may, but are not obligated to, provide public guidance on our expected operating and financial results for future periods. Any such guidance will consist of forward-looking statements, subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public filings and public statements. The ability to provide this public guidance, and the ability to accurately forecast our results of operations, may be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our actual results may not always be in line with or exceed any guidance we have provided, especially in times of economic uncertainty, such as the current global economic uncertainty being experienced as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or the ongoing geopolitical tensions related to Russia s actions in the Ukraine or current adverse macroeconomic conditions including inflation, fluctuations in energy prices, rising interest rates and reduced consumer confidence. If, in the future, our operating or financial results for a particular period do not meet any guidance provided or the expectations of investment analysts, or if we reduce its guidance for future periods, the market price of our Class A Common Stock may decline as well. Even if we do issue public guidance, there can be no assurance that we will continue to do so in the future. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 We are an emerging growth company. The reduced public company reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an emerging growth company under SEC rules. As an emerging growth company, we are permitted and plan to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These provisions include: (1) an exemption from compliance with the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley, (2) not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements, (3) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation arrangements in periodic reports, registration statements and proxy statements and (4) exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. As a result, the information we provide will be different than the information that is available with respect to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. If some investors find our Class A Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Class A Common Stock, and the market price of our Class A Common Stock may be more volatile. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the closing of Thayer s initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion or (c) in which we qualify as a large accelerated filer , which, in addition to certain other criteria, means the market value of our common equity that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter or (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or publish negative reports, the market price of our Class A Common Stock could decline. The trading market for our Class A Common Stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If regular publication of research reports ceases, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the market price or trading volume of our Class A Common Stock to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover Inspirato downgrades our Class A Common Stock or if reporting results do not meet their expectations, the market price of our Class A Common Stock could decline. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 If our security holders exercise their registration rights, it may negatively impact the market price of Class A Common Stock. In connection with the Closing, we filed a registration statement to register for resale (i) the shares of Class A Common Stock that were issued upon the conversion of shares of Thayer Class B Common Stock in connection with the Business Combination and shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants to purchase Class A Common Stock (the Private Warrants held by Thayer Venture Acquisitions Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor and (ii) the shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued to the Inspirato LLC unitholders in the Business Combination. Further, we have provided (i) the Inspirato LLC unitholders with unlimited demand registration rights; (ii) the Inspirato LLC unitholders and the Sponsor with customary underwritten takedown rights (subject to customary priorities, minimums, frequency and quantity limits, cutbacks, deferrals and other terms); and (iii) the Inspirato LLC unitholders and the Sponsor, on a pari passu basis, piggy back registration rights with respect to any underwritten offerings by the other stockholders and by the Company. The sale or possibility of sale of these additional securities trading in the public market may negatively impact the market price of our securities. The Company has no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock; as a result, stockholders may not receive any return on investment unless they sell their Class A Common Stock for a price greater than the purchase price. We have no current plans to pay dividends on our Class A Common Stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board, subject to applicable laws. It will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions, general business conditions and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. In addition, the ability to pay cash dividends may be restricted by the terms of debt financing arrangements, as any future debt financing arrangement likely will contain terms restricting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our Class A Common Stock. As a result, stockholders may not receive any return on an investment in our Class A Common Stock unless they sell their shares for a price greater than that which they paid for them. The Company may issue additional shares of common stock or other equity securities without your approval, which would dilute ownership interests and may depress the market price of Class A Common Stock. Pursuant to the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), our board of directors or its duly authorized committee is authorized to grant equity awards to our employees, directors, and consultants. Initially, the aggregate number of shares of our Class A Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to equity awards under the 2021 Plan was 15,900,000 shares, plus shares subject to awards that were assumed in the Business Combination that, after the date of stockholder approval of the 2021 Plan, expire or otherwise terminate without having been exercised in full or are forfeited to or repurchased by us (provided that the maximum number of shares that may be added to the 2021 Plan pursuant to awards assumed in the Business Combination is 7,453,734 shares). The number of shares of our Class A Common Stock reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan will be cumulatively increased on the first day of each fiscal year, beginning with our 2022 fiscal year and ending on the ten year anniversary of the date our board of directors approved the 2021 Plan equal to the least of 19,900,000 shares, 5 of the total number of shares of all classes of our Common Stock outstanding as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, and a lesser number of shares determined by the administrator of the 2021 Plan. Unless the administrator of the 2021 Plan elects not to increase the number of shares available for future grant each year, our stockholders may experience additional dilution. We may also issue additional shares of common stock or other equity securities of equal or senior rank in the future in connection with, among other things, future acquisitions or repayment of outstanding indebtedness, without stockholder approval, in a number of circumstances. The issuance of additional shares or other equity securities of equal or senior rank would have the following effects: existing stockholders proportionate ownership interest in the Company will decrease; the amount of cash available per share, including for payment of dividends in the future, may decrease; the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding common stock may be diminished; and the market price of our Class A Common Stock may decline. 

 51 

Table of Contents 
 Provisions in our organizational documents and certain rules imposed by regulatory authorities may delay or prevent an acquisition by a third party that could otherwise be in the interests of stockholders. Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain several provisions that may make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire control of the Company without the approval of our Board. These provisions, which may delay, prevent or deter a merger, acquisition, tender offer, proxy contest or other transaction that stockholders may consider favorable, include the following: the division of our Board into three classes and the election of each class for three-year terms; advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations; provisions limiting stockholders ability to call special meetings of stockholders, to require special meetings of stockholders to be called and to take action by written consent; restrictions on business combinations with interested stockholders; in certain cases, the approval of holders representing at least 66 2/3 of the total voting power of the shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors will be required for stockholders to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws or amend or repeal certain provisions of the certificate of incorporation; no cumulative voting; the required approval of holders representing at least 66 2/3 of the total voting power of the shares entitled to vote at an election of the directors to remove directors; and the ability of our Board to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used, among other things, to institute a rights plan that would have the effect of significantly diluting the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, likely preventing acquisitions. 
 These provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws could discourage potential takeover attempts and reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our Class A Common Stock in the future, which could reduce the market price of our Class A Common Stock. The provision of our Certificate of Incorporation requiring exclusive venue in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the U.S. for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against directors and officers. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for: (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, agent or other employee or stockholder to the Company or its stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, (4) any claim or cause of action seeking to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or (5) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, to prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the U.S. will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, including all causes of action asserted against any defendant named in such complaint. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision is intended to benefit and may be enforced by us, our officers and directors, the underwriters to any offering giving rise to such complaint and any other professional entity whose profession gives authority to a statement made by that person or entity and who has prepared or certified any part of the documents underlying the offering. However, as Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision. Our Certificate of Incorporation further provides that any person or entity holding, owning or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. Investors also cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring such a claim arising under the Securities Act against us, our directors, officers or other employees in a venue other than in the federal district courts of the United States. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and we cannot assure you that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our Certificate of Incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, all of which could harm our business. Risks Related to the Warrants We may amend the terms of the warrants to purchase Class A Common Stock issued in connection with the IPO of Thayer (the Public Warrants and the Private Warrants (the Public Warrants and Private Warrants collectively, the Warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding Public Warrants. The Warrants were issued in registered form subject to the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as warrant agent, in respect of the Warrant Agreement between Thayer and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (collectively, the Warrant Agreement ). The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Warrants, convert the Warrants into stock or cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of warrant shares issuable upon exercise of a Warrant. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 We may redeem your unexpired Public Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your Public Warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding Public Warrants (excluding the Private Warrants and any warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors in payment of working capital loans made to us) at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per Warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing at any time after the Warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to proper notice of such redemption provided that on the date we give notice of redemption and during the entire period thereafter until the time we redeem the Public Warrants, we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if it is unable to register or qualify the component securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding Warrants could force you (i) to exercise your Public Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your Public Warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your Public Warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Public Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your Public Warrants. Risk Related to the Restatement of our Financial Statements Due to errors in our consolidated financial statements related to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we restated our previously issued condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, which resulted in unanticipated costs and may have adversely affected investor confidence, our stock price, our ability to raise capital in the future and our reputation, and has resulted in stockholder litigation and may result in more stockholder litigation or regulatory actions. As disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022, the Audit Committee concluded, after discussion with management, that our originally filed unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the Non-Reliance Periods included in the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC for the Non-Reliance Periods should no longer be relied upon and required restatement. We completed the restatement of our financial statements and filed our Amended Quarterly Reports for the Non-Reliance Periods with the SEC on December 15, 2022. We incurred unanticipated costs for accounting and legal fees in connection with the restatement of our financial statements for the Non-Reliance Periods, and we were not able to timely file our third quarter Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Such restatements may have the effect of eroding investor confidence in our company and our financial reporting and accounting practices and processes and may raise reputational issues for our business. The restatements may negatively impact the trading price of our securities and make it more difficult for us to raise capital on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the related restatements may also result in additional stockholder litigation against us, or adverse regulatory consequences, including investigations, penalties or suspensions by the SEC or Nasdaq. For example, we received a delisting notice from Nasdaq for failure to timely file our third quarter Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as further described in the risk factor titled There can be no assurance that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq or that will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. Further, on February 16, 2023, a class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court in the District of Colorado captioned Keith Koch, Individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated v. Inspirato Incorporated, Brent Handler, and R. Webster Neighbor to recover damages allegedly caused by violations of federal securities law in connection with the restatement of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the Non-Reliance Periods. Other potential plaintiffs may also file additional lawsuits in connection with the restatement. The outcome of any such litigation is uncertain. The defense or settlement of this litigation and any future additional litigation could be time-consuming and expensive, divert the attention of management away from our business, and, if any litigation is adversely resolved against us, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Any additional regulatory consequences, litigation, claim or dispute, whether successful or not, could subject us to additional costs, divert the attention of our management, or impair our reputation. Each of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 General Risk Factors We may be subject to liability claims and our insurance may be inadequate to cover our losses. We are subject to numerous obligations in our contracts with third parties and otherwise. Despite the procedures, systems and internal controls we have implemented to comply with our contracts and avoid or mitigate various risks, we may breach these commitments, whether through a weakness in these procedures, systems and internal controls or because of negligence or the willful act of an employee, contractor or third party. Our insurance policies may be inadequate to compensate us for the potentially significant losses that may result from claims arising from disruptions in our service, cybersecurity incidents, failures or disruptions to our infrastructure, catastrophic events and disasters or otherwise. In addition, such insurance may not be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms or at all. Further, the insurance may not cover all claims made against us and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and divert management s attention. Our business is subject to the risks of catastrophic events. The occurrence of any catastrophic event, including an earthquake, fire, named storm, flood, tsunami or other weather event, power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunctions, epidemic or pandemic diseases (such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic), cyber-attack, war (such as Russia s actions in Ukraine) or terrorist attack, could result in significant disruptions to our business. In addition, acts of terrorism could cause disruptions to the Internet or the economy as a whole. Although we have implemented disaster recovery arrangements, there can be no assurance that these arrangements will appropriately address all potential disaster scenarios. If our systems were to fail or be negatively impacted as a result of a natural disaster or other event, our business would be impaired or we could lose critical data. Our partners, suppliers and subscribers are also subject to the risk of catastrophic events. In those events, our ability to operate our business, as well as the demand for our offerings, may be impaired as a result of factors outside our control. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties We are headquartered in Denver, Colorado, where we have lease commitments for approximately 44,715 square feet. We have taken measures to improve the efficiency standards of our corporate office, including reducing waste, water, and power. Item 3. Legal Proceedings . From time to time, we may become involved in litigation or other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business operations. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative publicity, reputational harm and other factors. Class Action Complaint Relating to Restatement On February 16, 2023, a class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court in the District of Colorado captioned Keith Koch, Individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated v. Inspirato Incorporated, Brent Handler, and R. Webster Neighbor. The complaint alleges violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder against all defendants, and Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against the individual defendants. The complaint generally alleges that certain of our prior public statements about our results of operations and financial condition were materially false and misleading because they misrepresented and failed to disclose adverse facts pertaining to the restatement of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the Non-Reliance Periods. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures . Not applicable. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our Class A Common Stock has been listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol ISPO . There is no public market for our Class V Common Stock. Holders of Record As of March 1, 2023, there were approximately 32 holders of record of our Class A Common Stock and 39 holders of record of our Class V common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class V Common Stock and 1 holder of record of our Public Warrants. These numbers do not include street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, financial institutions, and other nominees. Dividend Policy We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenue and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any dividends will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds None. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The information required by this item regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12. of Part III of this Annual Report. Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities None. Performance Graph This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our Class A Common Stock with the cumulative total return on the S P 500 Index (S P 500) and the S P 500 Information Technology Index (S P 500 IT). The graph assumes 100 was invested at the market close on February 10, 2021, which was the first day our Class A Common Stock began trading (which, prior to the Closing were shares of Class A common stock of Thayer). Data for the S P 500 Index and S P 500 Information Technology Index assume reinvestment of dividends. The graph uses the closing market price on February 10, 2021 of 10.34 per share as the initial value of our Class A Common Stock. The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our Class A Common Stock. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion includes both historical information and forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the sections titled Risk Factors and Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section to Inspirato, we, us, our and other similar terms refer to Inspirato LLC prior to the Business Combination and to Inspirato Incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries after giving effect to the Business Combination. OVERVIEW Inspirato is a subscription-based luxury travel company that provides unique solutions for (i) affluent travelers seeking superior service and certainty across a wide variety of accommodations and experiences and (ii) hospitality suppliers who want to solve pain points that include monetizing excess inventory and efficiently outsourcing the hassle involved in managing rental properties. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 For travelers, we offer access to a diverse portfolio of curated luxury vacation options that includes 523 private luxury vacation homes available to our subscribers, and accommodations at 350 luxury hotel and resort partners in more than 225 destinations around the world as of December 31, 2022. Our portfolio also includes Inspirato Only, featuring one-of-a-kind luxury safaris, cruises and other experiences and Bespoke, which offers custom-designed bucket list itineraries. Every Inspirato trip comes with our personalized service envelope including pre-trip planning, on-site concierge and daily housekeeping designed to meet the needs of affluent travelers and drive exceptional customer satisfaction. In the third quarter 2022, we developed two new product offerings: Inspirato for Good and Inspirato for Business. Inspirato for Good is our turnkey solution assisting nonprofits in their fundraising. Through this new platform, we partner with nonprofit organizations to sell luxury travel packages (consisting of an Inspirato Club subscription and luxury vacation) at live and silent auctions, paddle raises, and other giving channels. Inspirato for Business represents a new business-to-business channel whereby we sell subscription and travel products directly to businesses seeking to provide luxury accommodations and services to their staff and business partners. We believe both Inspirato for Good and Inspirato for Business will significantly expand our target addressable market and accelerate growth at a lower customer acquisition cost. Business Combination On February 11, 2022, Thayer and Inspirato LLC consummated the transaction contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement whereby, amongst other transaction, a subsidiary of Thayer merged with and into Inspirato LLC with Inspirato LLC as the surviving company, resulting in Inspirato LLC becoming a subsidiary of Thayer. Thayer changed its name to Inspirato Incorporated upon the Closing. The resulting Company organizational structure is commonly referred to as an UP-C structure (as further described in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). This organizational structure allows Continuing Inspirato Members to retain their equity ownership directly in Inspirato LLC. The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with GAAP, with Inspirato LLC identified as the accounting acquirer of Thayer. Under this method of accounting, Thayer was treated as the acquired company for accounting purposes. This determination is primarily based on the fact that subsequent to the business combination, the unitholders of Inspirato LLC have a majority of the voting power of the combined company, and Inspirato LLC s operations comprise all of the ongoing operations of the Company. Following the Business Combination, Inspirato LLC is managed by an eight-person board of managers designated by Inspirato Incorporated and the Continuing Inspirato Members. Upon the Closing, shares of Class A Common Stock were listed on Nasdaq and trade under the ticker symbol ISPO. As Inspirato LLC s management team and business operations comprise Inspirato Incorporated s management and operations, Inspirato Incorporated has and continues to hire additional personnel and implement procedures and processes to address public company regulatory requirements and customary practices. We have and will continue to incur additional annual expenses as a public company for, among other things, directors and officers liability insurance, director fees and additional internal and external accounting and legal and administrative resources, including increased audit and legal fees. Prior to the Closing, the units representing equity interests in Inspirato LLC were held by (i) blockers, which were corporations (or entities treated as corporations for U.S. federal tax purposes) that were affiliated with certain institutional investors, and (ii) Continuing Inspirato Members, which consist of entities and individuals, including members of management and other employees of Inspirato LLC or its subsidiaries. The UP-C organizational structure allowed Continuing Inspirato Members to retain their equity ownership in Inspirato LLC. Each Continuing Inspirato Member also holds a number of shares of Class V Common Stock equal to the number of New Common Units of Inspirato LLC held by such Continuing Inspirato Member. Class V Common Stock has no economic value but entitles the holder thereof to one (1) vote per share at any meeting of the shareholders of Inspirato Incorporated. The Blocker Shareholders, by contrast, hold their equity ownership in Inspirato Incorporated in the form of Class A Common Stock. This structure allows the Continuing Inspirato Members to continue to realize the tax benefits associated with their ownership in an entity that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as well as to provide potential future tax benefits to Inspirato Incorporated (85 of which the Continuing Inspirato Member will benefit from pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement), which are expected to arise when the Continuing Inspirato Member ultimately exchange their New Common Units and Inspirato Incorporated Class V Common Stock for Class A Common Stock. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 For accounting purposes, the financial statements of Inspirato Incorporated represent a continuation of the consolidated financial statements of Inspirato LLC with the Business Combination being treated as the equivalent of Inspirato LLC issuing shares for the net assets of Thayer, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Thayer were recognized as of the Business Combination at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Business Combination are presented as those of Inspirato LLC and the accumulated deficit of Inspirato LLC has been carried forward after Closing. All periods prior to the Business Combination have been retrospectively adjusted using the Exchange Ratio for the equivalent number of shares outstanding immediately after the closing to affect the reverse recapitalization. In connection with the Closing, the Company raised 90 million of gross proceeds. The Company additionally incurred 25 million in transaction costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting of banking, legal and other professional fees, of which 24 million was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital of proceeds and the remaining 1.1 million was expensed in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The total net cash proceeds to the Company was 66 million. We intend to use the net proceeds for future capacity expansion, general corporate purposes and to meet our working capital needs. Key Business Metrics We review a number of operating and financial metrics, including the following key metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and business plans, and make strategic decisions. Active Subscriptions and Active Subscribers We use Active Subscriptions to assess the adoption of our subscription offerings, which is a key factor in assessing our penetration of the market in which we operate and a key driver of revenue. We define Active Subscriptions as legacy Inspirato Club, Inspirato Pass, Inspirato Select, and Inspirato Club subscriptions as of the measurement date that are paid in full, as well as those for which we expect payment for renewal. Active Subscribers are subscribers who have one or more Active Subscription(s). As of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, we had 13,802 and 14,607 Active Subscribers, respectively. At December 31, 2021, we had 14,875 Active Subscriptions which consisted of 10,464 legacy Inspirato Club subscriptions, 2,987 Inspirato Pass subscriptions, and 1,424 Inspirato Club subscriptions. At December 31, 2022, we had 16,051 Active Subscriptions which consisted of 9,369 legacy Inspirato Club subscriptions, 3,569 Inspirato Pass subscriptions, 45 Inspirato Select subscriptions, and 3,068 new Inspirato Club subscriptions. Legacy Inspirato Club subscriptions had substantial enrollment fees and have annual dues that are lower than annualized dues for new Inspirato Club subscriptions. Inspirato Club and Inspirato Pass subscriptions are available as monthly, semi-annual, annual and multi-year contracts. The majority of our subscriptions are annual contracts including approximately half of the new Inspirato Club and Inspirato Pass subscriptions. Beginning in June 2022, Inspirato Select subscriptions became available in annual and multi-year contracts. Inspirato Select memberships consist of club dues and sharable vacations purchasable in predetermined bundle sizes. Subscription revenue contributed approximately 42 of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Annual Recurring Revenue We believe that Annual Recurring Revenue ARR is a key metric to measure our business performance because it is driven by our ability to acquire Active Subscriptions and to maintain our relationship with existing subscribers. ARR represents the amount of revenue that we expect to recur annually, enables measurement of the progress of our business initiatives and serves as an indicator of future growth. ARR should be viewed independently of revenue and deferred revenue and is not intended to be a substitute for, or combined with, any of these items. ARR consists of contributions from our subscription revenue streams and does not include travel revenue or enrollment fees. We calculate ARR as the number of Active Subscriptions as of the end of a period multiplied by the then-current annualized subscription rate, without regard to any potential impact from promotions and discounts that may be offered from time to time, for each applicable subscription type at the end of the period for which ARR is being calculated. The majority of current Active Subscriptions are legacy Inspirato Club subscriptions. ARR is not a forecast of subscription revenue as subscription revenue includes enrollment fees and Active Subscriptions at the date used in calculating ARR may or may not be renewed by our subscribers in the future, but we believe 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 it is a useful measure. In addition, revenues from certain legacy subscriptions may be higher or lower than our then-current annualized subscription rate as a result of previously offered or contractual renewal rates. Contracts related to our Inspirato for Good and Inspirato for Business offerings are excluded from our ARR calculation. Our ARR was 91 million, 135 million and 161 million at December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Before the launch of Inspirato Pass and the new Inspirato Club subscriptions, approximately 15 of our subscription revenue was from enrollment fees. Since the launch of those products in late 2019 and 2020 enrollment fee revenue as a percentage of subscription revenue has declined to under 1 in both the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. As the amount of our subscription revenue that comes from enrollment fees has declined, the difference between ARR and subscription revenue has decreased. Our subscription revenue as a percentage of total revenue decreased from approximately 55 for the year ended December 31, 2020, to 43 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 42 for the year ended December 31, 2022. This was in part due to increased nightly travel from 2020 to 2022. ARR does not have a standardized meaning and therefore may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies in the luxury travel industry or that have subscription-based models. Key Factors Affecting Our Performance We believe that the growth and future success of our business depend on many factors. While each of these factors presents significant opportunities for our business, they also pose important challenges that we have to successfully address in order to continue to grow our business and further improve our results of operations. COVID-19 Pandemic Since early 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic severely restricted the level of economic activity around the world and had an unprecedented effect on the global hospitality and travel industries. The COVID-19 pandemic had a materially adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. Revenues declined as a result of reduced travel and management undertook cost reduction methods in response. No impairments were recorded during the periods presented directly related to the COVID-19 pandemic. While COVID-19 continues to impact the world, through December 31, 2022 as restrictions were lifted across travel destinations, revenues recovered to pre-pandemic levels. COVID-19 may continue to materially adversely impact our business operations, results of operations and liquidity in the near term. While our revenue has been gradually improving since the third quarter of 2020, the extent of the recovery is uncertain and will be largely dependent on the resurgence of cases relating to the spread of new variants and the effectiveness of COVID-19 prevention. Our rapid management of expenses, together with our existing cash position, and the Paycheck Protection Program PPP loan helped us prudently manage our business through the effects of the pandemic during 2020 and allowed us to invest in the business in 2021 and 2022 as travel restrictions eased and travel demands increased. The PPP Loan program was created under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act and was administered by the Small Business Administration (SBA). Through the course of 2021 and 2022, both subscriber demand for travel and our occupancy rates increased compared to the pre-pandemic levels of 2019. Our subscriber counts also returned to pre-pandemic levels. During the height of the pandemic, while travel restrictions were at their tightest, we took measures to maintain our subscriber base. Once restrictions eased, we experienced an increase in travel demand we believe was the result of a shift in consumer prioritization of safety, and a resulting change in the way people travel, with Inspirato well positioned to benefit from these shifts. The post-pandemic recovery in the economy and in the travel industry has increased our subscription and travel revenue as a result of pent-up travel demand. The trends in recovery continue to vary by region due to a variety of factors and the extent and duration of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic over the longer term remain uncertain and dependent on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, including the impact of these and other factors on travel behavior in general, and on our business in particular. Subscribers and Subscriptions Our subscription revenue and operating results are impacted by our ability to attract and maintain subscribers. Increasing our subscriber base increases our revenues, gross margin and Adjusted EBTIDA. We are continually working on improving our subscription offerings and the trips available on our Inspirato Pass list to make our subscription products more appealing to current and potential subscribers. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Travel Our travel revenue and operating results are impacted by the number of trips that we are able to deliver to our subscribers and members as well as the rates we charge for stays. Our revenue management team establishes nightly rates to achieve desired occupancy and revenue. Cost and Expense Management Our operating results are impacted by our ability to manage costs and expenses and achieving a balance between making appropriate investments to retain and grow subscribers while driving increased profitability. We are working on finding more opportunities to enhance gross margin and operate more efficiently, including reducing costs by bringing additional housekeeping, concierge, property management, and other services in-house above what is already in-house. Additionally, we conducted a 12 workforce reduction in January 2023 in order to further manage costs. For more information, see the risk factor titles Actions that we are taking to review and optimize our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated. in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe these opportunities will increase as our business grows and as we increase the number of properties in certain areas and thus, lower the cost of revenue. Macroeconomic and Geopolitical Conditions The travel industry is volatile and affected by economic cycles and trends. Travel is typically discretionary for subscribers and customers and may be affected by negative trends in the economy. Adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions have impacted our business and may impact us in future periods. These conditions include but are not limited to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, inflation, labor shortages, fluctuations in fuel prices, changes in governmental regulations, safety concerns, foreign currency fluctuations, and rising interest rates and reduced consumer confidence resulting in lower consumer spending. Seasonality Our travel revenues are seasonal, reflecting typical travel behavior patterns of travelers over the course of the calendar year. In a typical year, the first, third, and fourth quarters have higher travel revenues than the second quarter. Our subscription services are seasonal to the extent that interest from potential new subscribers tends to also follow travel revenue, however revenues from existing subscribers are not impacted by seasonality. Our key metrics, including total revenues, Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow, are also impacted by the timing of holidays and other events. Holidays and other events generally increase the rates we are able to charge for travel which results in higher gross margin. The majority of our costs are relatively fixed across quarters. Key Components of Results of Operations Revenue We generate revenue from sales of subscriptions to our platform that grant access to book Inspirato residences and other privileges that vary based on the type of subscription. The two primary components of revenue are subscription revenue and travel revenue. Subscription revenue is comprised of a one-time enrollment fee paid at the commencement and recurring dues, net of discounts and travel incentives provided to subscribers. Our subscription agreements typically have monthly or annual contractual terms. Our agreements are generally cancellable at the end of the contract term. Legacy Inspirato Club subscriptions were only available as annual contracts and Inspirato Club and Inspirato Pass subscriptions are available as monthly, semi-annual and annual contracts. The majority of our subscriptions are annual contracts including approximately half of the new Inspirato Club and Inspirato Pass subscriptions. Revenue is recognized ratably over the related contractual term generally beginning on the date that our platform is made available to a subscriber. We typically bill in advance for monthly and annual contracts. Amounts that have been billed are initially recorded as deferred revenue until the revenue is recognized. Enrollment fees for Inspirato Pass, Inspirato Select and Inspirato Club subscriptions are typically recognized immediately when paid. Enrollment fees earned from legacy subscriptions are recognized over the estimated life of the subscriptions of five years. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 We derive our travel revenue from our travel operations, including per trip, nightly and service fees charged to our subscribers, guests per trip, our experiences, and Bespoke travel. A portion of travel revenue comes from guests who are not Active Subscribers. These guests include individuals who receive trial subscriptions under promotions with partners, including Wheels Up, Exclusive Resorts and others. Travel revenue related to stays in our residences is higher than travel revenue related to stays at our hotel partners because our residences generally have higher average nightly rates, as residences are typically larger and accommodate more guests than hotel rooms. In the year ended December 31, 2020, we delivered 56,000 nights in our residences and 28,400 nights in hotel rooms. In the year ended December 31, 2021, we delivered 95,994 nights in our residences and 47,198 nights in hotel rooms. Additionally, in the year ended December 31, 2022, we delivered 114,927 nights in our residences and 73,084 nights in hotel rooms. Travel revenue is generally recognized when travel occurs and amounts billed are initially recorded as deferred revenue until recognized when travel occurs. Cost of revenue Cost of revenue includes costs directly related to delivering travel to our subscribers and guests as well as depreciation and amortization related to leasehold improvements and equipment at residences. These costs include payments for properties we lease, operating and maintenance costs of those properties, including on-site service personnel costs as well as costs paid to our hotel partners for subscriber stays. We expect our cost of revenue will continue to increase for the foreseeable future due to inflation, escalation clauses in leases, increased operating costs and the addition of properties. Cost of revenue may vary as a percentage of revenue from period to period based on the number of properties that we have under lease, and the mix of subscription and travel revenue that we earn. Gross margin Our gross margin may fluctuate from period to period based on the number and type of subscribers, types of trips taken and nightly rates charged. We generally expect our gross margin to increase or decrease in both the near term and long term with increases or decreases in subscriber counts, nightly rates and occupancy rates. General and administrative General and administrative expenses include costs related to our overall operations, including executive management, finance and accounting, legal, people operations and corporate information services. General and administrative expenses also include all equity-based compensation costs related to all employees. We expect to continue to incur additional general and administrative costs as a result of operating as a public company, including expenses to comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC and stock exchange, as well as higher expenses for corporate insurance, director and officer insurance, investor relations and professional services. Overall, we expect general and administrative costs will vary from period to period as a percentage of revenue for the foreseeable future. Sales and marketing Sales and marketing expenses include costs related to the sales and marketing of our products, including personnel related costs, as well as costs paid for advertising and lead generation. We expect sales and marketing expense will decline as a percentage of revenue for the foreseeable future. Operations Operations expenses include costs related to providing, acquiring and overall management of our properties as well as providing subscriber services. These costs include the cost of personnel working in our subscriber services teams, real estate development teams and the cost of subscriber benefits including lounges and events. We expect operations to increase on an absolute dollar basis for the foreseeable future to the extent that we continue to expand our property offerings. Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization expense primarily consist of depreciation of property and equipment including furniture and fixtures, as well as amortization of capitalized internal-use software development costs. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Technology and development Technology and development expenses include costs related to the development of our technology that supports our products, including website and app development and ongoing maintenance. These costs include the costs of personnel working on our development teams. We expect technology and development costs to increase on an absolute dollar basis for the foreseeable future to the extent that we continue to develop and expand our product offerings. Interest, net Interest consists primarily of interest expense incurred on our revolving credit facility (the Revolver net of interest income earned on cash holdings. Warrant fair value losses (gains) Warrant fair value gains or losses consist of the periodic change in the fair value of warrant liabilities. The fair value of the liability is evaluated at the end of each period and the gain or loss flows is recognized. Results of operations The following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022: Amount of Percent change Amount of Percent change increase favorable increase favorable For the year ended December 31, (decrease) (unfavorable) (decrease) (unfavorable) 2020 2021 2022 2020 to 2021 2021 to 2022 (in thousands, except percentages) Revenue 165,590 234,747 345,530 69,157 42 110,783 47 Cost of revenue 100,599 152,747 229,287 52,148 (52) 76,540 (50) Gross margin 64,991 82,000 116,243 17,009 26 34,243 42 Gross margin percent 39 35 34 (4) pp (11) (1) pp (4) General and administrative (including equity-based compensation of 2,790, 3,258 and 8,802 in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively) 25,940 50,477 68,383 24,537 (95) 17,906 (35) Sales and marketing 14,764 27,821 38,540 13,057 (88) 10,719 (39) Operations 18,814 26,814 41,267 8,000 (43) 14,453 (54) Technology and development 2,787 4,914 13,615 2,127 (76) 8,701 (177) Depreciation and amortization 2,898 2,619 3,191 (279) 10 572 (22) Interest, net 542 635 188 93 (17) (447) 70 Warrant fair value (gains) losses (214) 456 1,696 670 (313) 1,240 (272) Gain on forgiveness of debt (9,518) (9,518) n/m 9,518 (100) Other income, net (355) n/m (355) n/m Loss and comprehensive loss before income taxes (540) (22,218) (50,282) (21,678) n/m (28,064) (126) Income tax expense 799 n/m 799 n/m Net loss and comprehensive loss (540) (22,218) (51,081) (21,678) n/m (28,863) (130) n/m - non-meaningful pp percentage point 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: Revenue. Total revenue increased 111 million from 235 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 346 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 47 , primarily in response to the increase in demand for travel in 2022 over the same period in 2021 as a result of easing travel restrictions from the COVID-19 pandemic, an increase in subscriber counts and bookings, as well as in response to increased marketing initiatives. Subscription revenue increased by 46 million from 100 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 146 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 46 , primarily as a result of continued growth of the subscriber base and the continued growth of the Inspirato Pass and new Inspirato Club subscriptions which were launched in 2019. These new subscription products have a significantly lower enrollment fee than prior subscription products, which has contributed to an increase in overall subscription sales. Also, the new subscription products have higher per subscriber annual revenues than legacy products. We had 14,875 and 16,051 Active Subscriptions at December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Travel revenue increased by 65 million, from 134 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 199 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 48 , primarily due to loosening of COVID-19 related travel restrictions driving an increase in travel demand and an increase in subscriber count. Cost of revenue. Cost of revenue increased 77 million from 153 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 229 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 50 . This increase was primarily a result of higher direct travel costs resulting from increased travel. Lease payments on properties also increased due to the addition of new properties. Additionally, we incurred 0.9 million in asset impairment costs related to our leased portfolio. Our gross margin increased 34 million from 82 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 116 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The gross margin percentage decreased from 35 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 34 for the year ended December 31, 2022 due largely to an increase in expenses related to additional properties in our vacation portfolio that outpaced growth in our subscriber base and an increased volume of nightly travel stays. General and administrative. General and administrative expenses excluding equity-based compensation increased 12 million from 47 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 60 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 26 . General and administrative employees were 152 and 147 at December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Overall, our average headcount and costs increased to accommodate growth within the business due to increased subscriber base, software system upgrades and costs incurred as a result of operating as a publicly traded company. Our equity-based compensation increased 5.5 million from 3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 8.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 170 , as a result of new grants made in the second quarter of 2022 for which expense began to be recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. Transaction costs included in general and administrative. The Company incurred 25 million in transaction costs related to the Business Combination during the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting of banking, legal and other professional fees, of which 24 million was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital and the remaining 1.1 million was expensed within general and administrative expenses. Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing expenses increased 11 million from 28 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 39 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 39 , due to increased spending on television advertising, digital advertising, paid search advertising, and social media advertising as well as the hiring of additional sales and marketing team members. Sales and marketing employees were 156 and 189 at December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Operations. Operations expenses increased 14 million from 27 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 41 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 54 , primarily due to an increase in operations staff required to service our growing customer base and increase in demand for travel. Operations employees were 303 and 470 at December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Technology and development. Technology and development expenses increased 8.7 million from 4.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 14 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 177 , primarily due to increased 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 investments in product development and strategic growth initiatives. Technology and development employees were 55 and 98 at December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased 0.6 million from 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 22 , primarily due to recent property and equipment purchases in conjunction with furnishing a growing leased property portfolio over the year ended December 31, 2022. Interest expense, net. Interest expense decreased 55 from 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the Company s pay-off of its Revolver early in the third quarter of 2022. Additionally, the decrease was in part due to an increase in interest income from 4 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 100 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the Company s receipt of interest in relation to our cash investments. Change in fair value of common stock warrant liability. Warrant fair value losses increased from 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 272 . See Note 13 - Warrants in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. Gain on forgiveness of debt. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we received a PPP loan in the amount of 9.4 million with a maturity date of April 2022. We submitted a request for forgiveness of the entire loan balance in September 2020, and in June 2021, we received notice from the SBA that the loan was forgiven and the SBA repaid the lender on our behalf. We recorded a gain on forgiveness debt of 9.5 million in June 2021, representing the principal amount of the loan and accrued interest through the forgiveness date. Other income. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded non-operating income related to a one-time payment of 0.6 million. This amount was offset by miscellaneous non-operating expenses incurred during 2022. Income tax expense. Our income tax expense consists of an estimate for foreign taxes based on exacted rates, as adjusted for allowable credits, deductions, uncertain tax positions, changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in the tax law. We maintain a valuation allowance against the full value of our net deferred tax assets because we believe it is more likely than not that the recoverability of these deferred tax assets will not be realized. For periods prior to the Business Combination, Inspirato LLC was treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and as such did not record income tax expense. Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021: Revenue. Total revenue increased 69 million from 166 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 235 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 42 primarily due to an increase in demand for travel following the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak, the loosening of COVID-19 pandemic travel restrictions, new Inspirato product offerings, and an increase in active subscriptions. Subscription revenue increased by 8 million from 92 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 100 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 9 , as a result of launching the Inspirato Pass subscription product in late 2019 and the new Inspirato Club subscription product in 2020. These new subscription products have a significantly lower enrollment fee than prior subscription products and this resulted in an increase in overall subscription sales. Also, the new subscription products have higher per subscriber annual revenues than legacy products. At December 31, 2020, we had 12,631 compared to 14,875 Active Subscriptions at December 31, 2021. In addition, we offered more discounts to subscribers in the year ended December 31, 2020 to retain members during the pandemic than in the year ended December 31, 2021. Travel revenue increased by 60 million from 74 million in the year ended December 31, 2020 to 134 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 81 , primarily due to loosening of travel restrictions and increase in travel demand. Cost of revenue. Cost of revenue increased 52 million from 101 million in the year ended December 31, 2020 to 153 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 52 . This increase was primarily a result of higher direct travel costs resulting from increased travel as a result of higher travel demand and loosened travel restrictions. Lease payments on properties we lease also increased year over year. Many of our lease agreements include force majeure clauses which enabled us to not make payments on those leases when the related properties were not in use due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The exercise of force majeure clauses was 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 largely isolated to the year ended December 31, 2020. Our gross margin decreased from 39 in the year ended December 31, 2020 to 35 in the year ended December 31, 2021 due largely to the force majeure exercises in the year ended December 31, 2020 and the subsequent increase in lease payments in the year ended December 31, 2021. General and administrative. General and administrative expenses excluding equity-based compensation increased 24 million from 23 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 47 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 104 . General and administrative employees were 108 and 152 at December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Overall our headcount and costs increased to accommodate increased travel demand and to prepare for becoming a publicly traded company. Our equity-based compensation increased 0.5 million from 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 17 , as a result of new grants made in the 2021 for which expense was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing expenses increased 13 million from 15 million in the year ended December 31, 2020 to 28 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 88 , due to an increase in travel demand, higher subscription activity and increased marketing efforts. Sales and marketing employees were 72 and 156 at December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Operations. Operations expenses increased 8.0 million from 19 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 27 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 43 . This was due to the increase in travel demand and indirect travel related costs returning to pre-pandemic levels. Operations employees were 282 and 303 at December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Technology and development. Technology and development expenses increased 2.1 million from 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 4.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 76 , due largely to increased investment in our information technology infrastructure, which was driven by an overall increase in travel demand. Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased 0.3 million from 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 2.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 10 . The decrease was primarily due to a slowing of furniture purchases during the COVID-19 pandemic and reduction in capitalized costs year over year. Interest expense, net. Interest expense increased 0.1 million from 0.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2020 to 0.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 17 , due to interest incurred on the PPP loan and slightly higher borrowings against the Company s line of credit. Gain on forgiveness of debt. See Gain on forgiveness of debt discussion, above, at comparison of the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview Our principal sources of liquidity have historically consisted of our operations activities primarily from subscription and travel revenue as well as our financing activities, including borrowings under our Revolver. In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, we raised 90 million of gross proceeds. Additionally, we incurred 25 million in transaction costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting of banking, legal and other professional fees, of which 24 million was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital and the remaining 1.1 million was expensed. The total net cash proceeds to us were 66 million. On April 7, 2022, we issued 490,197 shares of Class A Common Stock to the Sponsor for net proceeds of 5.0 million. We intend to use the net proceeds received from the Business Combination to fund our operating cash needs and for continued investments in our growth strategies. As of December 31, 2022, we had 80 million of cash and cash equivalents, 1.7 million of restricted cash and no amounts drawn under the Revolver. In July 2022, we repaid all amounts drawn on the Revolver. The Company was not in compliance with the covenants on the Revolver at December 31, 2022 and had not been in compliance since May 2022. In March 2023 the Company terminated the Revolver. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Since inception, we have consistently maintained a working capital deficit, in which our current liabilities exceed our current assets, primarily due to our significant deferred revenue balance. In addition, we also have significant deferred revenue related to travel that is paid in advance but not yet taken. Our cash needs vary from period to period primarily based on the timing of travel and sales promotions. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our rate of subscriber and revenue growth, travel bookings, addition of new residences and the timing and extent of spending on residences and other growth initiatives and overall economic conditions. Providing incentives or promotions for booking travel can and has historically increased our liquidity. We believe our cash and cash equivalents on hand will be sufficient to meet our projected working capital and capital expenditure requirements for a period of at least the next 12 months. The following table sets forth general information derived from our consolidated statements of cash flows: 

For the year ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 (in thousands) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 11,579 28,755 (45,689) Net cash used in investing activities (3,892) (4,016) (14,270) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 16,550 (8,787) 58,945 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 24,237 15,952 (1,014) We may seek additional equity or debt financing in the future. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in new technologies, our competitive position could weaken, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. As of December 31, 2022 and as of the date of this filing, the Company had no deposits with Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank or Silvergate Bank. Cash Flows Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities. Cash flow from operating activities decreased from providing 29 million in 2021 to using 46 million in 2022. This decrease was primarily due to the changes in current assets and liabilities which provided 53 million in 2021 compared to using 10 million in 2022. This was primarily the result of decreases in deferred revenue and accounts payable, in addition to a change in lease liability as a result of payments on lease agreements. Additional reasons for the decrease include an increased focus on obtaining longer term memberships over the past year, resulting in an increase in payments of deposits. Cash flows used in investing activities . Cash used in investing activities was 4.0 million in 2021 and 14 million in 2022. We incurred higher expenditures for leasehold improvements as the number of net new added properties to our lease portfolio increased from 93 added during the year ended December 31, 2021 to 134 added during the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities . Cash flow from financing activities increased from using 8.8 million in 2021 to providing 59 million in 2022. The primary reason for the increase was 90 million in proceeds as a result of the Business Combination, partially offset by 24 million used in the payment of costs and repayment of debt related to the Business Combination. Comparison of years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 Cash flows provided by operating activities. Cash flow from operating activities increased from 12 million in 2020 to 29 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to the changes in current assets and liabilities which provided 5 million in 2020 compared to providing 53 million in 2021. This was primarily the result of a significant increase in deferred revenue and higher accounts payable balances. Increased travel demand and investment in our business operations drove an increase for both categories. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 This change in cash resulting from changes in assets and liabilities was partially offset by a 30 million decrease in net income excluding depreciation, amortization, warrant fair value adjustments, equity-based compensation, and gain on forgiveness of debt. Cash flows used in investing activities . Cash used in investing activities was approximately 4 million in both 2020 and 2021. While we incurred less costs for internally developed software in 2021, this was largely offset by higher expenditures for leasehold improvements as new properties were added to our lease portfolio. Cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities . The loan facility had a balance of 13 million outstanding on December 31, 2021 compared to 14 million outstanding at December 31, 2020. We redeemed 7.7 million in preferred and common units of Inspirato LLC in December 2021. Non-GAAP Financial Metrics In addition to our results determined in accordance with GAAP, we use Adjusted Net Loss, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin and Free Cash Flow as part of our overall assessment of our performance, including the preparation of our annual operating budget and quarterly forecasts, to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies and to communicate with our board of directors concerning our business and financial performance. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors about our business and financial performance, enhance their overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects, and allow for greater transparency with respect to metrics used by our management in their financial and operational decision making. We are presenting these non-GAAP financial measures to assist investors in seeing our business and financial performance through the eyes of management, and because we believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide an additional tool for investors to use in comparing results of operations of our business over multiple periods with other companies in our industry. There are limitations related to the use of these non-GAAP financial measures, including that they exclude significant expenses that are required by GAAP to be recorded in our financial measures. Other companies may calculate non-GAAP financial measures differently or may use other measures to calculate their financial performance, and therefore, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Thus, these non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to any measures derived in accordance with GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by providing a reconciliation of Adjusted Net Loss, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBTIDA Margin and Free Cash Flow to their respective related GAAP financial measures. We encourage investors and others to review our business, results of operations, and financial information in its entirety, not to rely on any single financial measure, and to view Adjusted Net Loss, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin and Free Cash Flow in conjunction with their respective related GAAP financial measures. Adjusted Net Loss Adjusted Net Loss is a non-GAAP financial measure that we define as net income (loss) before gain on forgiveness of debt and warrant fair value gains and losses. The above items are excluded from our Adjusted Net Loss measure because management believes that these costs and expenses are not indicative of our core operating performance and do not reflect the underlying economics of our business. The following table represents a reconciliation of our net loss and comprehensive loss to Adjusted Net Loss: 

For the year ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 (in thousands) Net loss and comprehensive loss (540) (22,218) (51,081) Warrant fair value (gains) losses (214) 456 1,696 Gain on forgiveness of debt (9,518) Adjusted Net Loss (754) (31,280) (49,385) 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that we define as net income (loss) before interest expense, interest income, taxes, depreciation and amortization, equity-based compensation expense, warrant fair value gains and losses, asset impairment, public company readiness expenses and gain on forgiveness of debt. The above items are excluded from our Adjusted EBITDA measure because management believes that these costs and expenses are not indicative of our core operating performance and do not reflect the underlying economics of our business. The following table represents a reconciliation of our net loss to Adjusted EBITDA: 

For the year ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 (in thousands) Net loss and comprehensive loss (540) (22,218) (51,081) Public company readiness costs 7,511 1,092 Equity-based compensation 2,790 3,258 8,802 Depreciation and amortization 4,632 4,275 5,436 Interest, net 542 635 188 Warrant fair value (gains) losses (214) 456 1,696 Asset impairment 925 Gain on forgiveness of debt (9,518) Income taxes 799 Adjusted EBITDA 7,210 (15,601) (32,143) Adjusted EBITDA Margin (1) 4.4 (6.6) (9.3) 

 (1) We define Adjusted EBITDA Margin as Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of total revenue for the same period. Free Cash Flow We define Free Cash Flow as net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and additions to capitalized software. We believe that Free Cash Flow is a meaningful indicator of liquidity that provides information to our management and investors about the amount of cash generated from operations, after purchases of property and equipment and additions to capitalized software, that can be used for strategic initiatives. Our Free Cash Flow is impacted by the timing of bookings because we collect travel revenue between the time of booking and 30 days before a stay or experience occurs. The following table presents the components of Free Cash Flow for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022. 

For the year ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 (in thousands) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 11,579 28,755 (45,689) Development of internal-use software (2,274) (1,052) (5,420) Purchase of property and equipment (1,618) (2,964) (8,850) Free Cash Flow (Deficit) 7,687 24,739 (59,959) Lease Obligations We have obligations under operating leases, primarily for vacation properties and our corporate headquarters. The leases may require us to pay taxes, insurance, utilities and maintenance costs. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Future minimum annual commitments under these operating leases are as follows: 

Year Ending December 31, Operating Leases (in thousands) 2023 87,822 2024 62,361 2025 49,777 2026 41,455 2027 27,901 Thereafter 64,274 Total minimum lease payments 333,590 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was party to 57 leases that had not yet commenced. Future payments under these leases were 118 million at December 31, 2022. Our Revolver had a balance of 13 million and 0 million as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, respectively. The Company was not in compliance with the covenants on the Revolver at December 31, 2022 and had not been in compliance since May 2022. The Company repaid the Revolver in full in July 2022 and has not subsequently drawn on the Revolver. In March 2023 the Company terminated the Revolver. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. The estimates and assumptions used by management are based on historical experience and other factors, which are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions, impacting our reported results of operations and financial condition. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue from monthly or annual subscription fees over time. The Company has determined that enrollment fees for subscriptions that are not substantive do not provide a material right to customers. These enrollment fees are recognized upon receipt. Legacy Inspirato Club subscriptions included substantive upfront enrollment fees. These enrollment fees may have entitled the subscriber to reduced annual dues, travel or other perks. The value of those services, estimated based on their stand-alone selling price, is deferred and recognized when those services are provided. The remaining revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected average life of these subscription types. The average estimated life of these subscriptions is five years. The option to renew is considered a material right of the customer and is treated herein as an additional performance obligation. The calculation of the expected average life of subscriptions with substantive upfront enrollment fees is a critical estimate in the recognition of revenue associated with enrollment fees. The calculation includes certain management judgments and projections regarding the estimated period that customers are expected to remain subscribers and continue to benefit from these subscriptions along with annual renewal rates for these subscriptions. Management relies on multiple metrics to determine the average customer life. These include historical average renewal and attrition rates, expected future renewal rates and other qualitative measures obtained through market research. The Company reviews its estimates and assumptions with regard to the average customer life based on the Company s projections and historical experience on an annual basis. The expected average life of subscriptions with substantive upfront enrollment fees was five years. Revenue from travel is recognized when performance obligations are met, generally over the period of the stay. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Goodwill Goodwill is not amortized, but rather is assessed annually for impairment in the fourth quarter and when events and circumstances indicate that the fair value of a reporting unit with goodwill has been reduced below its carrying value. We have determined that we have one reporting unit. The impairment test requires that we first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If it is concluded that this is the case, we then perform a quantitative impairment test. Otherwise, the quantitative impairment test is not required. Under the quantitative impairment test, we would compare the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. We determined based on the qualitative assessments that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is less than its carrying value, therefore no quantitative impairment tests were performed at December 31, 2021 or 2022, and no goodwill impairment charges were recognized in the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022. Equity-based compensation We account for equity-based payments for all transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services, which generally requires us to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments in earnings based on the fair value and vesting provisions of the award on the date of grant. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur by reversing the expense previously recognized in the period of the forfeiture. Capitalized Software Direct costs incurred in the development of internal-use software products are capitalized once the preliminary project stage is completed, management has committed to funding the project and completion and use of the software for its intended purpose is probable. We cease capitalization of development costs once the software has been substantially completed and is ready for its intended use. Software development costs are amortized over their estimated useful lives of three years. Income Taxes We utilize the asset and liability method in accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of existing assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax expense or benefit is the result of changes in the deferred tax asset and liability. We recognize the effect on deferred income taxes of a change in tax rates in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the net amount that we believe is more-likely-than-not to be realized. We make estimates, assumptions and judgments to determine our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets, liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. We consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of income, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable income and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. We assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and to the extent it believes that recovery is not likely, it establishes a valuation allowance. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon settlement. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits which, as of the date of this report, have not been material, are recognized within provision for income taxes. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements For further information on recently adopted accounting pronouncements, see Note 2(h) - Leases to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. Our principal market risks are our exposure to interest rates and foreign currency risks. Interest Rate Risk We are exposed to interest rate risk primarily related to our outstanding debt. Changes in interest rates affect the interest earned on its total cash as well as interest paid on its debt. We have not been exposed to, nor anticipate exposure to, material risks due to changes in interest rates. A hypothetical 100 basis points increase or decrease in interest rates would not have had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. We do not have a balance drawn on the Revolver at December 31, 2022. Foreign Currency Risk We are exposed to foreign currency risk related expenditures that we incur in foreign countries. Many of our leases, which are the most significant component of operating costs in foreign countries are denominated in U.S. dollars and thus do not result in foreign currency risk. In the year ended December 31, 2022, our expenditures included approximately 19 million in foreign currencies, primarily in Mexican Pesos and Euros. A hypothetical 100 basis points increase or decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the Mexican Peso and Euro would not have had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID 74 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets 75 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 76 Consolidated Statements of Equity 77 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 78 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 79 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Shareholders and Board of Directors Inspirato Incorporated Denver, Colorado Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Inspirato Incorporated (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 15, 2023 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 INSPIRATO INCORPORATED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except par value) 

December 31, 2021 2022 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable, net related parties Prepaid subscriber travel Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property equipment, net Goodwill Right-of-use assets Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue, current Deferred rent, current Debt Lease liabilities, current Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, noncurrent Deferred rent, noncurrent Lease liabilities, noncurrent Warrants Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) Temporary equity (Note 3) Series A-1; authorized and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 ; at December 31, 2022 Series A-2; authorized, issued , and outstanding at December 31, 2021 ; none at December 31, 2022 Series B; authorized, issued , and outstanding at December 31, 2021 ; at December 31, 2022 Series B-1; authorized and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 ; at December 31, 2022 Series D; authorized, issued , and outstanding at December 31, 2021 ; at December 31, 2022 Series E; authorized and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 ; at December 31, 2022 Total temporary equity Equity Series C; authorized, issued , and outstanding at December 31, 2021 ; at December 31, 2022 (Note 3) Common units authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 ; at December 31, 2022 (Note 3) Class A common stock, par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Class V common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total equity excluding noncontrolling interest ) Noncontrolling interests (Note 16) ) Total equity ) ) Total liabilities, temporary equity, and equity 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 INSPIRATO INCORPORATED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Revenue Cost of revenue (including depreciation of , and in 2020, 2021 and 2022 respectively) Gross margin General and administrative (including equity-based compensation of , and in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively) Sales and marketing Operations Technology and development Depreciation and amortization Interest, net Warrant fair value (gains) losses ) Gain on forgiveness of debt ) Other income, net ) Loss and comprehensive loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense Net loss and comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss and comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (Note 16) Net loss and comprehensive loss attributable to Inspirato Incorporated ) ) ) Basic and diluted weighted average common units and Class A shares outstanding Basic and diluted net loss attributable to Inspirato Incorporated per common unit and Class A share, respectively ) ) ) 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 INSPIRATO INCORPORATED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (in thousands) 

Additional Common Units Series C Class A Common Stock Class V Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Noncontrolling Units Value Units Value Shares Value Shares Value Capital Deficit Interests Total Balance at January 1, 2020 (as previously reported) ) ) Reverse recapitalization, net (Note 3) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2020, after effect of reverse recapitalization ) ) Consolidated net loss ) ) Equity-based compensation Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Consolidated net loss ) ) Equity-based compensation Redeemed united ) ) ) Issuance of common units upon exercise of stock option awards, net of shares withheld for income taxes ) ) Distributions ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 19,999 (209,690) ) Consolidated net loss ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Issuance of common stock Issuance of common stock and common stock warrants upon the reverse recapitalization, net of issuance costs ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock option awards, net of shares withheld for income taxes Issuance of Class A shares upon conversion of Class V shares ) ) ) Distributions ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 INSPIRATO INCORPORATED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Consolidated net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Depreciation and amortization Loss on disposal of fixed assets Warrant fair value losses ) Equity based compensation Gain on forgiveness of debt ) Asset impairment Amortization of right-of-use asset Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of reverse recapitalization: Accounts receivable, net ) Accounts receivable, net related parties ) Prepaid member travel ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued liabilities ) ) Lease liability ) Deferred revenue ) Deferred rent ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Development of internal-use software ) ) ) Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayments of debt ) ) ) Proceeds from debt Common unit redemptions ) Preferred unit redemptions ) Proceeds from reverse recapitalization (Note 3) Payments of reverse recapitalization costs (Note 3) ) Proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock Payments of employee taxes for unit option exercises ) ) Proceeds from unit option exercises Distributions ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash end of year Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Significant noncash transactions: Gain on forgiveness of debt Conversion of Class V to Class A stock Conversion of preferred stock in connection with reverse recapitalization Warrants acquired at fair value Warrants exercised Fixed assets purchased but unpaid, included in accounts payable at period end Operating lease right-of-use assets exchanged for lease obligations Conversion of deferred rent and prepaid rent to right-of-use assets 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 INSPIRATO INCORPORATED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS subsidiaries, of which are wholly owned domestic limited liability companies and one was a branch. The remaining and the branch, which are owned through direct domestic subsidiaries, are as follows: (i) a wholly owned Mexican company with a foreign designation equivalent to a limited liability company (S.R.L.); (ii) a wholly owned Turks and Caicos Islands limited company; (iii) a wholly owned Cayman Islands exempted company; (iv) a wholly owned Costa Rican limited liability company; (v) a wholly owned Italian S.R.L.; (vi) a wholly owned Canadian unlimited liability company; (vii) a wholly owned Dominican Republic branch of a wholly owned domestic liability company; (viii) a wholly owned U.S. Virgin Islands limited liability company; (ix) a wholly owned Puerto Rican limited liability company; (x) a wholly owned Grenadian limited liability company; (xi) a wholly owned British Virgin Islands designated company; (xii) a wholly owned Anguillan non-public company; and (xiii) a second wholly owned Mexican company with a foreign designation equivalent to a limited liability company (S.R.L). These entities typically lease local properties. Since early 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has severely restricted the level of economic activity around the world and is continuing to have an effect on the global hospitality and travel industries. The global spread of COVID-19 has been and continues to be a complex and evolving situation. The COVID-19 pandemic had a materially adverse impact on the Company s results of operations and financial condition during years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. Revenues declined as a result of reduced travel and management undertook cost reduction methods in response. impairments were recorded during the periods presented directly related to the COVID-19 pandemic. While COVID-19 continues to impact the world, through December 31, 2022 as restrictions were lifted across travel destinations, revenues recovered to pre-pandemic levels. Management cannot estimate the length or impacts of the COVID-19 outbreak on the Company s future operations, financial position and cash flows, particularly if there are significant impacts that occur in the future. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 , pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. The consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto give effect to the conversion for all periods presented. The consolidated financial statements do not necessarily represent the capital structure of Inspirato Incorporated had the Business Combination occurred in prior periods. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 . Direct costs incurred in the development of internal-use software are capitalized once the preliminary project stage is completed, management has committed to funding the project, and completion and use of the software for its intended purpose is probable. The Company ceases capitalization of development costs once the software has been substantially completed and is ready for its intended use. Software development costs are amortized over their estimated useful lives of . The cost of leasehold improvements is depreciated over the lesser of the length of the related leases or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Costs of maintenance and repairs are charged to expense when incurred. The carrying amounts of our long-lived assets are periodically reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable or that the useful life is shorter than we had originally estimated. The recoverability of these assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount of each asset to the future undiscounted cash flows the asset is expected to generate over their remaining lives. If the asset is considered to be impaired, the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the impaired asset. If the useful life is shorter than originally estimated, the remaining carrying value is amortized over the new shorter useful life. There was impairment of any long-lived assets in the three years ended December 31, 2022. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 million and (ii) recording lease liabilities of million, as of January 1, 2022 on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company also reclassified prepaid expenses of million and deferred rent balances (including tenant improvement allowances and other liability balances) of million relating to the Company s existing lease arrangements as of December 31, 2021, into the ROU asset balance as of January 1, 2022. ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The adoption of the new lease standard did not materially impact the Company s consolidated statement of operations and consolidated statement of cash flows and had no impact on our debt covenants. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of impairment expense related to properties with carrying values in excess of their recoverable values. The expense was recorded in cost of revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The cumulative effect of the changes made to the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2022 for the adoption of the new lease standard was as follows: ) Operating lease ROU assets Liabilities Current lease liabilities Other current liabilities ) Noncurrent lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities ) 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 reporting unit. The test for impairment requires that the Company first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If it is concluded that this is the case, the Company then performs a quantitative impairment test. Otherwise, the quantitative impairment test is not required. The Company performs our annual impairment review of goodwill at December 1 and when a triggering event occurs between annual impairment tests. Under the quantitative impairment test, the Company would compare the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company determined based on the qualitative assessments that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the Company s reporting unit is less than its carrying value, therefore no quantitative impairment tests were performed at December 31, 2021 or 2022 and goodwill impairment charges were recognized in the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022. . Contracts are cancellable at the end of the monthly or annual contract term. The Company has determined that enrollment fees for subscriptions do not provide a material right to a customer and thus, these enrollment fees are recognized upon receipt. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022, respectively. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 of the interest in Inspirato LLC and the noncontrolling interest was . The noncontrolling interest relates to the economic interests in Inspirato LLC held directly by owners of our Inspirato 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 million Private Warrants were exercised on a cashless basis into million shares of Class A Common Stock. -for- basis, into a share of Class A Common Stock of Inspirato Incorporated, (iii) each of the then issued and outstanding warrants of Thayer converted automatically into a redeemable warrant to purchase share of Class A Common Stock, and (iv) each of the then issued and outstanding units of Thayer that had not been previously separated into the underlying Thayer Class A Common Stock and Thayer public warrant upon the request of the holder thereof, were cancelled and entitled the holder thereof to share of Inspirato Class A Common Stock and one -half of one Inspirato Public Warrant. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 (the Exchange Ratio for each unit of Inspirato LLC owned and certain rights under a tax receivable agreement (the Tax Receivable Agreement or (ii) a number of new common units of Inspirato LLC New Common Units equal to the Exchange Ratio, an equal number of shares of Class V Common Stock, which have no economic value, but entitles the holder thereof to vote per share, and certain rights under the Tax Receivable Agreement. This exchange resulted in Inspirato Incorporated owning of the issued and outstanding units of Inspirato LLC at the Closing and the Continuing Inspirato Members owning a noncontrolling interest of Inspirato LLC. In addition, options to purchase Inspirato LLC units were converted into options to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock at the Exchange Ratio. Accordingly, the financial statements reflect the continuation of the financial statements of Inspirato LLC with the Business Combination being treated as the equivalent of Inspirato LLC issuing stock for the net assets of Thayer, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Thayer were recognized as of the Business Combination at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Business Combination are presented as those of Inspirato LLC and the accumulated deficit of Inspirato LLC has been carried forward after the Closing. In accordance with ASC Topic 805, all periods prior to the Business Combination have been retrospectively adjusted using the Exchange Ratio for the equivalent number of shares outstanding immediately after the Business Combination to give effect to the reverse recapitalization. After giving effect to the Business Combination and the redemption of Inspirato LLC units as described above, the number of common stock issued and outstanding immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination was million of Class A Common Stock and million of Class V Common Stock. In connection with the Closing, the Company raised million of gross proceeds including million from the issuance of million shares of Class A Common Stock to a number of accredited investors pursuant to a separate subscription agreement entered into on June 30, 2021 and as amended. The Company incurred million in transaction costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting of banking, legal and other professional fees, of which million was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital and the remaining million was expensed in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The total net cash proceeds to the Company as a result of the Business Combination was million. On April 7, 2022, the Company issued shares of Class A Common Stock to the Sponsor for net proceeds of million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of Class A Common Stock in exchange for the same number of New Common Units, resulting also in the cancellation of the same number of shares of Class V Common Stock. Subscription Other Total The Company recognized assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers as follows: Liabilities: Deferred revenue, current and noncurrent 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total As of December 31, 2021, the balance of deferred revenue was million. Significant movements in the deferred revenue balance during the period consisted of increases due to payments received prior to transfer of control of the underlying performance obligations to the customer, which were offset by decreases due to revenue recognized in the period. There were additional changes in the deferred revenue balance related to vacation cancellations and rescheduling that took place during 2021 which were ultimately completed during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately million of revenue was recognized that was included in the balance of deferred revenue as of December 31, 2021. Software Rent Operating supplies Insurance Total Prepaid Subscriber Travel Prepaid subscriber travel of million and million at December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively, include deposits for future member travel. Internal-use software Corporate office leasehold improvements Computer equipment Furniture, fixtures, and equipment Residence vehicles Total cost Accumulated depreciation and amortization Property and equipment, net 
 89 

Table of Contents) ) ) Foreign Loss before income tax expense ) ) ) Total current - - Deferred: Federal - - - State - - - Foreign - - - Total deferred - - - Total income tax expense - - The Company s income tax provision differs from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of to pretax loss as a result of the following: State tax, net of federal benefit Foreign rate differential ) Net impact of noncontrolling interest and non-partnership operations on partnership outside basis ) Change in valuation allowance ) Total income tax expense ) 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 The types of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are set forth below: Investment in Inspirato LLC - Start-up Costs - Total Deferred tax assets - Deferred tax liabilities: Investment in Inspirato LLC - - Total deferred tax liabilities - - Valuation allowance - ) Net deferred tax assets - As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of U.S. federal net operating loss NOL carryovers available to offset future taxable income. Of the million of U.S. federal NOL, million is subject to expiration beginning in 2031. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of state NOL carryovers available to offset future taxable income. State NOLs begin to expire at various dates beginning in 2031. The Company has assessed its ability to realize its deferred tax assets and has recorded a valuation allowance against such assets to the extent that, based on the weight of all available evidence, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In assessing the likelihood of future realization of its deferred tax assets, the Company placed a significant amount of weight on its history of generating U.S. tax losses, including in the current year. The increase in the valuation allowance each period was primarily related to U.S. federal and state tax losses incurred during the period. The future utilization of federal net operating loss carryforwards generated after 2017 is limited to 80 of taxable income. An additional limitation applies to the use of federal net operating loss and credit carryforwards, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, that is applicable if the Company experiences an ownership change. The Company has experienced various owner shifts in prior years. The resulting Section 382 limitations are not expected to materially impact the Company s ability to utilize carryforwards. Future changes in the ownership of the Company could further limit the Company s ability to utilize its NOLs and credits. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state or local tax that the Company realizes directly or indirectly (or are deemed to realize in certain circumstances) as a result of (i) certain tax attributes created as a result of any sales or exchanges (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) to or with the Company of their interests in Inspirato for shares of Inspirato Incorporated s Class A common stock or cash, including any basis adjustment relating to the assets of Inspirato and (ii) tax benefits attributable to payments made under the TRA (including imputed interest). The Company expects to benefit from the remaining of any tax benefits that it may actually realize. To the extent that the Company is unable to timely make payments under the TRA for any reason, such payments generally will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid. Uncertain tax positions Based on the Company s analysis of tax positions taken on income tax returns filed, uncertain tax positions existed as of December 31, 2022. Inspirato Incorporated was formed in July 2020 and did not engage in significant operations prior to the Business Combination and associated organizational transactions. Inspirato LLC is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes and has filed income tax returns for years through 2021. The Company s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits is to record such interest and penalties as interest expense and as a component of general and administrative expense, respectively. There were amounts accrued for interest or penalties for the years ending December 31, 2021 and 2022. Management does not expect any material changes in its unrecognized tax benefits in the next year. The Company operates in multiple tax jurisdictions and, in the normal course of business, its tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Such examinations may result in future assessments by these taxing authorities. All tax years generally remain open to examination within the statute of limitations in taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. million. Interest rates associated with the Revolver adjust based on the prime rate and outstanding balance. The interest rate was and as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, respectively. Interest expense related to the revolving line of credit for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 totaled million, million and million. To obtain the Revolver, the Company was required to pledge collateral in the form of the Company s deposit accounts and intangible assets and maintain a cash deposit with the lender of million. The Company was not in compliance with the covenants on the Revolver at December 31, 2022 and has not been in compliance since May 2022. The Company repaid the Revolver in full in July 2022 and has not subsequently drawn on the Revolver. In March 2023 the Company terminated the Revolver. Paycheck Protection Program During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company received a Paycheck Protection Program PPP loan in the amount of million with a maturity date of April 2022. The loan was an interest only loan with the full balance due upon maturity. The PPP 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 million in June 2021, representing the principal amount of the loan and accrued interest through the forgiveness date. The SBA has the ability to review the Company s loan file in a period subsequent to the date the loan was forgiven and repaid in full. The results of any review could result in the SBA requesting additional documentation to support the Company s initial eligibility for the loan and request for loan forgiveness, with the potential for the SBA to pursue legal remedies at its discretion. 
 93 

Table of Contents) ) ) Denominator Basic and diluted weighted average common units and Class A shares outstanding Basic and diluted net loss attributable to Inspirato Incorporated per common unit and Class A share ) ) ) The following securities were anti-dilutive for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022: Stock options Preferred warrants Common stock warrants Profit interests Anti-dilutive securities The Company s Class V Common Stock is neither dilutive nor anti-dilutive for the periods presented as their assumed conversion under the if-converted method to Weighted-average shares for diluted loss per share would cause a proportionate increase to Net loss attributable to Inspirato Incorporated for diluted loss per share. to 20 years , and generally contain extension options at the approval of both parties. We have generally not included these renewal periods in the lease term as it is not reasonably certain that we will exercise the renewal option. Lease expense for operating lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease expense includes expenses incurred as a result of the lease agreement which are not considered known expenses at lease inception and are recognized as incurred. Variable expenses can include, but are not limited to, revenue shares, owner buyback adjustments and usage-based agreements. Operating lease expense and variable lease expense are included in cost of revenue on the consolidated statement of operations. Variable lease expense 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022, the maturities of the Company s operating lease liabilities (excluding short-term leases) were as follows: Year ending December 31, 2024 Year ending December 31, 2025 Year ending December 31, 2026 Year ending December 31, 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: interest expense ) Present value of lease obligations Less: current lease obligations ) Long-term lease obligations Under legacy lease accounting (ASC 840), future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable leases as of December 31, 2021 were as follows: 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 warrants to indemnitors to purchase certain units of Inspirato LLC. These warrants were exercised immediately prior to the Business Combination. In November 2018, the surety bond agreement scheduled to expire on March 1, 2019 was replaced with a new agreement backed by individual indemnitors who are also related parties. The new agreement reduced the indemnitor requirement to million or million per indemnitor. The related reserve requirement and surety bond were reduced from million to million. In September 2019, the existing surety bond agreement, which was scheduled to expire on March 1, 2020, was replaced with a new agreement that removed the individual indemnitors leaving only a corporate indemnity and removing the interest payable requirement. This agreement has been renewed on a yearly basis from September 2020 onwards. per share, subject to adjustment for stock splits and/or extraordinary dividends, as described in the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as warrant agent, in respect of the Warrant Agreement between Thayer and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (the Warrant Agreement ). As of December 31, 2022, there were million Public Warrants outstanding. Each of the Public Warrants are exercisable for share of Class A Common Stock. The Company accounts for Public Warrants as liabilities at fair value within accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets because the Warrants do not meet the criteria for classification within equity. The Public Warrants are subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Public Warrants had a fair value of million and million. For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, a gain of million, a loss of million and a loss of million, respectively, was recorded in warrant fair value gains and losses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. As of March 13, 2023, the Company and Saks.com LLC Saks entered into a Commercial Referral and Marketing Agreement (the Commercial Agreement and a warrant agreement to acquire up to million shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock (the Saks Warrant ). The Saks Warrant shall vest and become exercisable by Saks based on certain subscription purchase referrals made by Saks to the Company. The exercise price with respect to the Saks Warrant is per share. Subject to certain conditions, including vesting conditions, the Saks Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part and for cash or on a net exercise basis, at any time before the later of the termination of the Commercial Agreement or 90 days after the final vesting of shares of the Saks Warrant. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 62,716,630 shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding. The holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by the Company s Board out of legally available funds. Class V Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class V Common Stock, par value per share. Shares were issued to Continuing Inspirato Members that continued to hold their investment in units of Inspirato LLC in connection with the Business Combination. The holders of the Class V Common Stock hold an equal number of New Common Units in Inspirato LLC. From time to time, the Class V Common Stock and New Common Units held by the Continuing Inspirato Members may be exchanged for one share Class A Common Stock of the Company or cash (based on the market price for a share of our Class A Common Stock) as determined by Inspirato Incorporated. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class V Common Stock outstanding. Shares of Class A and Class V Common Stock are not subject to any conversion right. Inspirato LLC Equity For periods prior to the Business Combination, Inspirato LLC had equity-based compensation described in Note 15, below. As discussed in Note 3, holders of the Inspirato LLC equity received Class A Common Stock or Class V Common Stock and New Common Units, pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination. The Company recast the units outstanding related to the Historical Inspirato LLC Equity prior to the Business Combination, reflecting the exchange ratio of 1-for- , pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. to period starting from the date specified in each applicable option agreement. Each Inspirato LLC option from the Unit Option Plan that was outstanding immediately prior to the Business Combination, whether vested or unvested, was converted into an option to purchase a number of shares of the Class A Common Stock based on the Exchange Ratio (the Exchanged Options ). Except as specifically provided in the Business Combination agreement, following the Business Combination, each Exchanged Option has continued to be governed by the same terms and conditions (including vesting and exercisability terms) as were applicable to the corresponding former Inspirato LLC option immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. All stock option activity was retroactively restated to reflect the Exchanged Options. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Average expected life Volatility Estimated per share fair value of options granted The following table represents nonqualified stock option activity for the year ended December 31, 2022: Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Exercised/Released ) Cancelled/Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2022, option expense remaining to be recognized was million and will be recognized over the next . Profits Interests Prior to the Business Combination, Inspirato LLC granted awards of profits interests to certain key employees. In connection with the Business Combination, the profits interests were treated like other units in Inspirato LLC with respect to the consideration received as part of the Business Combination. Profits interests have been issued to certain executives. Each award of profits interests vests over the time period set forth in each individual profits interest award agreement underlying the award, subject to the applicable executive s continued service. If an executive terminated service, any unvested profits interests held by such executive would be forfeited to Inspirato LLC. If Inspirato LLC experienced a deemed liquidation event, all of the then-outstanding and unvested profits interests would accelerate and fully vest upon a change of control event. Profits interests were non-voting profits interest incentive units pursuant to individual award agreements, which set forth such additional terms and conditions, including the vesting and forfeiture terms. The profits interests participate in the distributions upon vesting of the units. At both December 31, 2021 and 2022, there were million as-converted profits interests issued and outstanding, and million in profits interest expense remained to be recognized as of December 31, 2022 over a weighted average term of years. profits interests have been issued since the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 shares of Class A Common Stock plus (ii) any shares subject to stock options or other awards that were assumed in the Business Combination and expire or otherwise terminate without having been exercised in full, are tendered to or withheld by the Company for payment of an exercise price or for tax withholding obligations, or are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to failure to vest, with the maximum number of shares to be added to the 2021 Plan pursuant to clause (ii) equal to shares of Class A Common Stock. The 2021 Plan also includes an evergreen provision that provides for an automatic annual increase to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock available for issuance under the 2021 Plan on the first day of each fiscal year beginning with the 2022 fiscal year, equal to the least of: (x) shares of Class A Common Stock, (y) of the total number of shares of all classes of the Company s common stock as of the last day of the Company s immediately preceding fiscal year and (z) such lesser amount determined by the 2021 Plan s administrator. The 2021 Plan provides that the evergreen provision will operate only until the 10 th anniversary of the earlier of the board or stockholder approval of the 2021 Plan. The RSUs are unvested and subject to each employee s continued employment with the Company. The vesting start date for RSUs issued to existing employees as part of the first grant is January 1, 2022. Subsequent RSU grants have a vesting start date equal to the RSU grant date. Once granted, the RSUs vest over a period of three to four years . RSUs typically have a cliff vesting of one -third and one -fourth of the grant amount for and vesting periods, respectively, and continue to vest quarterly thereafter. The term of each RSU is stated in the individual respective agreement, provided, however, that the term is no more than from the date of the grant thereof. The following table represents RSU activity for the year ended December 31, 2022: Exercised/Released ) Cancelled/Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 At December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 million New Common Units, which represented a economic interest in Inspirato LLC and million shares of Class V Common Stock of Inspirato Incorporated. The combination of New Common Unit and share of Class V Common Stock of Inspirato Incorporated may be redeemed no earlier than six months after the Business Combination at the option of the Continuing Inspirato Members for share of Class A Common Stock of Inspirato Incorporated or the cash equivalent thereof (based on the market price of the Class A Common Stock at the time of redemption) as determined by Inspirato Incorporated. If Inspirato Incorporated elects the redemption to be settled in cash, the cash used to settle the redemption must be funded through a private or public offering of Class A Common Stock no later than five business days after the redemption notice date. Upon the redemption of the New Common Unit and Class V Common Stock for Class A Common Stock or the equivalent thereof, all redeemed Class V Common Stock will be cancelled and such New Common Unit will be transferred to Inspirato Incorporated. Inspirato Incorporated will also be issued a New Common Unit to correspond with each new share of Class A Common Stock it issues. As of December 31, 2022, Inspirato Incorporated owned of the outstanding New Common Units. The financial results of Inspirato LLC and its subsidiaries are consolidated with and into Inspirato Incorporated. For the period February 11, 2022 through December 31, 2022, of the consolidated net loss of Inspirato LLC has been allocated to the noncontrolling interests of Inspirato LLC. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of Class A Common Stock in exchange for the same number of New Common Units, resulting also in the cancellation of the same number of shares of Class V Common Stock. The following table summarizes the changes in ownership of Inspirato LLC for the period from February 11, 2022 to December 31, 2022 (see Note 3) excluding unvested profits interests: Conversion of Class V to Class A ) Vesting of profits interests ) End of period percent of their compensation up to Internal Revenue Service (IRS) annual limitations. The Company matches percent of an employee s contribution up to percent of eligible pay with immediate percent vesting. This match has a per employee cap each year. Costs incurred in connection with the Plan were minimal for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. The Plan provides for the Company to make a discretionary matching contribution. Total contributions to the Plan totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Rest of world Total 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 Long lived assets consist of property and equipment, software, and right of use assets. All software and intangible assets of as December 31, 2021 and 2022 were attributable to the United States. Revenue earned from travel and subscription services are charged on a bundled basis, without regard to where services are delivered, and periodically include a portion of services provided outside of the US. It is impracticable to separate those amounts by geographic location. million and million, respectively. Revenue related to these arrangements is included in the Company s travel revenue. Separating revenue related to Portico s members from the Company s total travel revenue is not practicable. Under the property usage agreements, Inspirato LLC pays Exclusive Resorts to use and operate certain Exclusive Resorts homes for Inspirato subscribers usage. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, Inspirato recognized million and million, respectively, in related party expense related to these agreements. At December 31, 2021 and 2022, Inspirato had paid all amounts due and payable under the property usage agreements. Inspirato LLC entered into lease agreements with certain Company executives whereby Inspirato LLC pays those executives a purchase fee in advance of the leased property becoming available for occupancy. Total payments made under these lease agreements for the year ended December 31, 2022 were thousand. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (the Executives ), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our management, with the participation of the Executives, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, and as a result of the material weakness described below, the Executives concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level. Nevertheless, based on the performance of additional procedures by management designed to ensure reliability of financial reporting, our management has concluded that, notwithstanding the material weaknesses described below, the consolidated financial statements, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows as of the dates, and for each of the periods presented, in conformity with U.S. GAAP. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Our management assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using the criteria in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is not effective due to the material weaknesses described below. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 The material weaknesses identified as of December 31, 2022 primary related to (1) the implementation and ongoing accounting for new accounting standards, specifically, ASC 842, Leases, and the on-going accounting for the Company s controlled and managed properties under ASC 842; (2) the establishment and design of processes and controls over financial closing and reporting processes, to document and monitor certain controls over financial reporting; (3) the design and effectiveness of ITGCs, including users access rights related to certain IT systems and segregation of duties related to the administration of those IT systems that support the Company s financial reporting process. These material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting existed at Inspirato, Inc. as of December 31, 2022, due to the following root causes: Insufficient staffing and training of certain control operators; Inadequate assessment of financial reporting risks, which in turn contributed to reliance on business process controls that were not designed properly and/or operating effectively to adequately mitigate existing risks; Breakdowns in communication of expectations and prioritization of control execution to certain control operators; Lack of accountability for effective control operation; and Insufficient monitoring activities to ensure that the components of internal control are present and functioning These material weaknesses resulted in the restatement of our previously issued consolidated financial statements for each of the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022. Remediation Plan for Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting In response to the material weaknesses identified in Management s Reporting on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, we, with oversight from the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, developed a plan to remediate the material weakness. Remediation activities include: Continue to hire, train and retain individuals with appropriate skill and experience related to designing, operating and documenting internal control over financial reporting Communicate expectations, monitor for compliance with expectations, and hold individuals accountable for their roles related to internal control over financial reporting Design and implement a comprehensive and continuous risk assessment process to identify and assess financial statement risks and ensure that the financial reporting process and related internal controls are in place to respond to those risks Enhance the design of and implement additional process-level control activities and ensure they are properly evidenced and operating effectively We believe the foregoing efforts will effectively remediate the material weaknesses described in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Because the reliability of the internal control process requires repeatable execution, the successful on-going remediation of the material weaknesses will require on-going review and evidence of effectiveness prior to concluding that the controls are effective. The Company s remediation efforts are underway; however there is no assurance that the remediation efforts will be effective in the future or that additional material weaknesses will not develop or be identified. No Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include, and we are not required to include, an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Other than the remediation measures discussed above, during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance Information required by item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation Information required by item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Information required by item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Information required by item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 14. Principal Accountant s Fees and Services Information required by item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) Documents filed as part of this report are as follows: (1) All Financial Statements: Refer to the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. (2) Financial Statement Schedules: All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. (3) Exhibits: The documents listed below are incorporated by reference or are filed with this report, in each case as indicated therein. The exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Provided Herein Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Business Combination Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated June 30, 2021, by and among Thayer, Merger Sub and Inspirato. 8-K 001-39791 2.1 June 30, 2021 2.2 Amendment to Business Combination Agreement, dated September 15, 2021, by and between Thayer and Inspirato. 8-K 001-39791 1.1 September 15, 2021 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company . 8-K 001-39791 3.1 February 14, 2022 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company. 8-K 001-39791 3.2 February 14, 2022 3.3 Ninth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Inspirato LLC, dated February 11, 2022. 8-K 001-39791 10.3 February 14, 2022 4.1 Form of Class A Common Certificate of the Company. S-8 333-264331 4.1 April 15, 2022 4.2 Warrant Agreement, dated December 10, 2020, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and Thayer. 8-K 001-39791 4.1 December 16, 2020 4.3 Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. S-1/A 333-262472 4.5 February 11, 2022 4.4 Description of Capital Stock X 10.1 Form of Indemnity Agreement of Thayer. S-1 333-249390 10.3 October 8, 2020 10.2 Form of Inspirato 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. S-4 333-259570 10.17 September 16, 2021 10.3 Form of Inspirato 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. S-4 333-259570 10.18 September 16, 2021 10.4 Form of Inspirato Employee Incentive Compensation Plan. S-4 333-259570 10.19 September 16, 2021 10.5 Outside Director Compensation Policy of the Company. S-1 333-264598 10.14 April 29, 2022 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 10.6 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated February 11, 2022, between the Company and the other parties thereto. 8-K 001-39791 10.4 February 14, 2022 10.7 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 11, 2022. 8-K 001-39791 10.1 February 14, 2022 10.8 Sponsor Subscription Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between Thayer, Inspirato LLC and the Sponsor. 8-K 001-39791 10.6 February 14, 2022 10.9 Employment Agreement between Inspirato LLC and Brent Handler. S-4 333-259570 10.21 September 16, 2021 10.10 Employment Agreement between Inspirato LLC and Brad Handler. S-4 333-259570 10.22 September 16, 2021 10.11 Employment Agreement between Inspirato LLC and David Kallery. S-4 333-259570 10.23 September 16, 2021 10.12 Employment Agreement between Inspirato LLC and Web Neighbor. S-4 333-259570 10.24 September 16, 2021 21.1 List of Subsidiaries X 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm X 24.1 Power of Attorney X 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 32.1+ Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 101.INS INLINE XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH INLINE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL INLINE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF INLINE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB INLINE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE INLINE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document or included within the Exhibit 101 attachments) + The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Inspirato Incorporated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 15th, 2023. 

INSPIRATO INCORPORATED By: /s/ Brent Handler Brent Handler Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints Brent Handler with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or any of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Brent Handler Chief Executive Officer Director Principal Executive Officer March 15th, 2023 Brent Handler 

/s/ R. Webster Neighbor Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial and Accounting Officer March 15th, 2023 R. Webster Neighbor 

/s/ Michael Armstrong Director March 15th, 2023 Michael Armstrong 

/s/ Scott Berman Director March 15th, 2023 Scott Berman 

/s/ Eric Grosse Director March 15th, 2023 Eric Grosse 

/s/ Brad Handler Executive Chairman and Director March 15th, 2023 Brad Handler 

/s/ Ann Payne Director March 15th, 2023 Ann Payne 

/s/ R. Scot Sellers 

Director 

 March 15th, 2023 R. Scot Sellers 

108 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 ispo-20221231xex4d4.htm
 EX-4.4

Exhibit 4.4 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The following description of the capital stock of Inspirato Incorporated us, our, we, Inspirato or the Company is a summary of the rights of our securities and certain provisions of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws as currently in effect. Because the following description is only a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to you. For a complete description of the matters set forth herein, you should refer to our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, the other agreements described below, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, and to the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). Authorized Stock The authorized capital stock of Inspirato consists of 1,600,000,000 shares of capital stock, 0.0001 par value per share, of which: 1,000,000,000 shares are designated as Class A common stock Class A Common Stock ); 500,000,000 shares are designated as Class V common stock Class V Common Stock and, together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock ); and 100,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock. Class A Common Stock Following the Business Combination Voting Power Holders of Class A Common Stock and Class V Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held as of the record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to vote on such matters, except as otherwise required by law. The holders of Class A Common Stock and Class V Common Stock will at all times vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, unless otherwise required by Delaware law or the Certificate of Incorporation (as it may be amended from time to time). Delaware law could require holders of shares of a class of capital stock to vote separately as a single class in the following circumstances: if we were to seek to amend the Certificate of Incorporation to increase or decrease the par value of a class of the capital stock, then that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment; and if we were to seek to amend the Certificate of Incorporation in a manner that alters or changes the powers, preferences, or special rights of a class of capital stock in a manner that affected its holders adversely, then that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment. Dividends Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of Class A Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if our board of directors (the Board in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times that the Board may determine. Any dividends paid to the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock shall be paid on a pro rata basis. The holders of our Class V Common Stock shall not be entitled to receive any dividends out of any assets of the Company. 

 Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding Up In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or winding-up, and after the rights of the holders of the preferred stock, if any, have been satisfied, each holder of our Class V Common Stock outstanding at that time shall be entitled to receive 0.0001 per share and the remaining assets of whatever kind available for distribution to stockholders shall be distributable ratably among the holders of Class A Common Stock outstanding at that time. Preemptive or Other Rights Class A Common Stock and Class V Common Stock are not entitled to preemptive rights, and are not subject to conversion, redemption, or sinking fund provisions. Election of Directors Subject to the rights of holders of any series of preferred stock with respect to the election of directors, the number of directors that constitutes the Board will be fixed solely by resolution adopted by a majority of the Board. The Certificate of Incorporation provides for a classified board of directors consisting of three classes of approximately equal size, each serving staggered three-year terms. Only the directors in one class will be subject to election by a plurality of the votes cast at each annual meeting of stockholders, with the directors in the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. Stockholders do not have the ability to cumulate votes for the election of directors. Preferred Stock The Certificate of Incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers and preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series of preferred stock. The Board will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the Common Stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of the Board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of the Company or the removal of existing management. The Company has no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of one year from the closing of the initial public offering IPO of Thayer Ventures Acquisition Corporation Thayer or 30 days after the closing of the business combination between Thayer and Inspirato LLC (the Business Combination and, such closing, the Closing ), provided in each case that we have an effective registration statement under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A Common Stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least 

 an even number of units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the Closing at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a share of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the share of Class A Common Stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A Common Stock underlying such unit. A registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants has been declared effective on May 9, 2022. We will use our best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. In addition, if Class A Common Stock is, at the time of any exercise of a warrant, not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of our public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we elect to do so, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering each such warrant for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied the excess of the fair market value less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The fair market value shall mean the volume weighted average price of the shares of Class A Common Stock for the ten trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the Closing at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A Common Stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Board and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any shares of Class A Common Stock that were issued upon the conversion of shares of Thayer s Class B common stock in connection with the Business Combination and were originally purchased by the Thayer Ventures Acquisition Holdings LLC the Sponsor in a private placement prior to the IPO that are held by our initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance including any transfer or reissuance of such shares (the Newly Issued Price )), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 50 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the shares of Class A Common Stock during the 10 trading day period starting on the trading day after the day on which we consummate our initial business combination is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described under Redemption of Public Stockholders Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 10.00 and Redemption of Public Stockholders Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. 

 Redemption of Public Stockholders Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 18.00 Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the warrants to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock purchased in a private placement in connection with the IPO (the Private Warrants )): in whole and not in part; at a price of 0.01 per warrant; upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period, to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of Class A Common Stock and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination as described elsewhere in this prospectus) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending the third trading day before we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value ). We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. We have established the last of the redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise their warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the shares of Class A Common Stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of Class A Common Stock and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the Closing as described elsewhere in this prospectus) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price, subject to adjustments as described herein, after the redemption notice is issued. Redemption of Public Stockholders Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 10.00 Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: in whole and not in part; at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption; provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the shares of Class A Common Stock; if, and only if, the Reference Value of the shares of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted per stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, reclassifications, recapitalizations and the like and for 

 certain issuances of Class A Common Stock and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination); and if the Reference Value is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted per stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, reclassifications, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of Class A Common Stock and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination as described elsewhere in this prospectus), the Private Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption at the same price (equal to a number of shares of Class A Common Stock) as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. The numbers in the table below represent the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that a warrant holder will receive upon exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our shares of Class A Common Stock on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined based on the volume weighted average last reported sale price of our shares of Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days immediately following the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. The stock prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of the warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading - Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted stock prices in the column headings will equal the stock prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant after such adjustment and the denominator of which is the exercise price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event, the number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. If the exercise price of the warrant is adjusted as a result of raising capital in connection with the initial business combination, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will by multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading - Anti-dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00. Fair Market Value of Class A Common Stock Redemption Date (period to expiration of warrants) 10.00 11.00 12.00 13.00 14.00 15.00 16.00 17.00 >18.00 60 months 
 0.261 0.281 0.297 0.311 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 57 months 
 0.257 0.277 0.294 0.310 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 54 months 
 0.252 0.272 0.291 0.307 0.322 0.335 0.347 0.357 0.361 51 months 
 0.246 0.268 0.287 0.304 0.320 0.333 0.346 0.357 0.361 48 months 
 0.241 0.263 0.283 0.301 0.317 0.332 0.344 0.356 0.361 45 months 
 0.235 0.258 0.279 0.298 0.315 0.330 0.343 0.356 0.361 42 months 
 0.228 0.252 0.274 0.294 0.312 0.328 0.342 0.355 0.361 39 months 
 0.221 0.246 0.269 0.290 0.309 0.325 0.340 0.354 0.361 36 months 
 0.213 0.239 0.263 0.285 0.305 0.323 0.339 0.353 0.361 33 months 
 0.205 0.232 0.257 0.280 0.301 0.320 0.337 0.352 0.361 30 months 
 0.196 0.224 0.250 0.274 0.297 0.316 0.335 0.351 0.361 27 months 
 0.185 0.214 0.242 0.268 0.291 0.313 0.332 0.350 0.361 24 months 
 0.173 0.204 0.233 0.260 0.285 0.308 0.329 0.348 0.361 21 months 
 0.161 0.193 0.223 0.252 0.279 0.304 0.326 0.347 0.361 18 months 
 0.146 0.179 0.211 0.242 0.271 0.298 0.322 0.345 0.361 

Fair Market Value of Class A Common Stock Redemption Date (period to expiration of warrants) 10.00 11.00 12.00 13.00 14.00 15.00 16.00 17.00 >18.00 15 months 
 0.130 0.164 0.197 0.230 0.262 0.291 0.317 0.342 0.361 12 months 
 0.111 0.146 0.181 0.216 0.250 0.282 0.312 0.339 0.361 9 months 
 0.090 0.125 0.162 0.199 0.237 0.272 0.305 0.336 0.361 6 months 
 0.065 0.099 0.137 0.178 0.219 0.259 0.296 0.331 0.361 3 months 
 0.034 0.065 0.104 0.150 0.197 0.243 0.286 0.326 0.361 0 months 
 0.042 0.115 0.179 0.233 0.281 0.323 0.361 
 The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of our shares of Class A Common Stock as reported for the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 shares of Class A Common Stock for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our shares of Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 shares of Class A Common Stock for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of Class A Common Stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the shares of Class A Common Stock are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our shares of Class A Common Stock is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under - Redemption of Public Stockholders Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of this prospectus. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed and we will be required to pay the redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the shares of Class A Common Stock are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the shares of Class A Common Stock are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer shares of Class A Common Stock than they would have received if they had been able to exercise their warrants for shares of Class A Common Stock if and when such shares of Class A Common Stock were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

 No fractional shares of Class A Common Stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in the Business Combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than Class A Common Stock, the company (or the surviving company) will use its best efforts to registered under the Securities Act the security issuable upon exercise of the warrants. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Anti-Dilution Adjustments . If the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is increased by a share dividend payable in shares of Class A Common Stock, or by a split-up of common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding common stock. A rights offering to holders of common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share dividend of a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for shares of Class A Common Stock and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A Common Stock paid in such rights offering and (y) the fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of Class A Common Stock , in determining the price payable for shares of Class A Common Stock , there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of shares of Class A Common Stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A Common Stock trades on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock on account of such shares of Class A Common Stock (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination or (d) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A Common Stock in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Class A Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. Whenever the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A Common Stock ), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock ), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of Class A Common Stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of shares of Class A Common Stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants in order to determine and realize the option value component of the warrant. This formula is to compensate the warrant holder for the loss of the option value portion of the warrant due to the requirement that the warrant holder exercise the warrant within 30 days of the event. The Black-Scholes model is an accepted pricing model for estimating the fair market value where no quoted market price for an instrument is available. The public warrants were issued in registered form subject to the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, between Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as warrant agent, and us in respect of the Warrant Agreement between Thayer and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A Common Stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share of Class A Common Stock issued to such holder upon exercise of the warrants on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued to the warrant holder. Private Warrants The Private Warrants (including the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the Private Warrants) and they will not be redeemable by us (except as described above under -Redemption of Public Stockholders Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or 

 Exceeds 10.00 so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the Private Warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described below, the Private Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units. If the Private Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units. Except as described above under - Redemption of Public Stockholders Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 10.00 , if holders of the Private Warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value will mean the average last reported sale price of the shares of Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor and permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if they are in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike stockholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the shares of Class A Common Stock received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. On February 14, 2022, all 7,175,000 Private Warrants were exercised on a cashless basis into 5,078,965 shares of our Class A Common Stock. Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law Special Meeting of Stockholders Our Bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called by the chairperson of the Board, our Chief Executive Officer or the Board pursuant to adoption of a resolution. Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations Our Bylaws provide, that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. Our Bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Authorized but Unissued Shares Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

 Exclusive Forum Selection The Certificate of Incorporation is silent on forum selection. Our Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or (iv) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), in all cases subject to the court having jurisdiction over indispensable parties named as defendants. Unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this provision. Although we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of applicable law for the specified types of actions and proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenue and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any dividends will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of the Board to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, the Board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers The Certificate of Incorporation provides that our directors and officers will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law as it now exists or may in the future be amended. The Certificate of Incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL. We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification. Our Bylaws permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit indemnification. We maintain a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our directors and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify the directors and officers. These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be negatively impacted to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced directors and officers. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

 Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent for our Class A Common Stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A.. Listing of Common Stock Our Class A Common Stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols ISPO and ISPOW, respectively. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ispo-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

1 Inspirato Incorporated Subsidiaries: 2 Bayside Villas, LLC 3 Beach Front Villas Ltd 4 Best of 52 LLC 5 Cenotes Holdings LLC 6 Clouser Bight, Ltd 7 Coral Reef Properties, LLC 8 Faraway Land, LLC 9 HighRoad Holdings, LLC 10 Inspirato LLC 11 Inspirato Real Estate, LLC 12 Inspriato Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. 13 Island Holdings, LLC 14 Leward Breeze, Inc. 15 Ocean Cliff Holdings, LLC 16 Oceanside Villas, Ltd 17 Palmas Ventosas S. de R.L. de CV 18 Picco Grigio, S.r.L 19 Point Break Holdings LLC 20 Ponte Ferro, LLC 21 Pure Vida Villas, LLC 22 RFV Rentals LLC 23 Signature CR Villas SRL 24 Sky Peak Holdings, LLC 25 Stingray Holdings, Ltd 26 Sunshine Villas, LLC 27 Tortuga Marina Holdings LLC 28 Turquoise Holdings, LLC 29 Vergine Isola, LLC 30 Whitebark Holdings, LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ispo-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Inspirato Incorporated Denver, Colorado We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-264331) of Inspirato Incorporated of our report dated March 15, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. /s/ BDO USA, LLP Denver, Colorado March 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ispo-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Brent Handler, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inspirato Incorporated; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 2 

Date: March 15th, 2023 By: /s/ Brent Handler Brent Handler Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ispo-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, R. Webster Neighbor, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inspirato Incorporated; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 15th, 2023 By: /s/ R. Webster Neighbor R. Webster Neighbor Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ispo-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Brent Handler, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inspirato Incorporated for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Inspirato Incorporated. 2 

Date: March 15th, 2023 By: /s/ Brent Handler Name: Brent Handler Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 I, R. Webster Neighbor, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inspirato Incorporated for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Inspirato Incorporated. Date: March 15th, 2023 By: /s/ R. Webster Neighbor Name: R. Webster Neighbor Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ispo-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ispo-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ispo-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ispo-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ispo-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

