<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1661458_0001661458-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7326501</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>352197</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1290369</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2533244</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1654673</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1361956</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001661458-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315165446
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001661458-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Highlands REIT, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001661458
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55580
		FILM NUMBER:		23735943

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 SOUTH DEARBORN STREET
		STREET 2:		20TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60603
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-583-7990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 SOUTH DEARBORN STREET
		STREET 2:		20TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60603

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001661458-23-000007.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 hri-20221231.htm
 10-K

hri-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. o Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. o Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). o No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 There is no established market for the registrant s shares of common stock. The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter) was approximately million, based on the estimated per share value of 0.29 as established by the registrant on December 15, 2021. 
 
 As of March 14, 2023 there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Part I 
 Disclosure Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 Item 2. 
 Investment P roperties 
 25 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 31 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 68 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 68 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 68 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 68 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 69 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 70 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 70 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 70 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 70 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 71 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 71 
 Exhibit Index 
 72 
 Signatures 
 74 

i 

Table of Contents 

Part I 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 References to Highlands, the Company, we or us are to Highlands REIT, Inc. as well as all of Highlands' wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than purely historical information, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements include statements about Highlands plans, objectives, strategies, financial performance and outlook, trends, the amount and timing of future cash distributions, prospects or future events and involve known and unknown risks that are difficult to predict. As a result, our actual financial results, performance, achievements or prospects may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as may, could, expect, intend, plan, seek, anticipate, believe, estimate, guidance, predict, potential, continue, likely, will, would, illustrative and variations of these terms and similar expressions, or the negative of these terms or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by Highlands and its management based on their knowledge and understanding of the business and industry, are inherently uncertain. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and stockholders should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. There are a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, among others: the uncertainty and economic impact of pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies or fear of such events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; business, financial and operating risks inherent to real estate investments and the industry; our ability to renew leases, lease vacant space, or re-lease space as leases expire; our ability to repay or refinance our debt as it comes due; difficulty selling or re-leasing our investment properties due to their specific characteristics as described elsewhere in this report; contraction in the global economy or low levels of economic growth; our ability to sell our investment properties at a price and on a timeline consistent with our investment objectives, or at all; our ability to service our debt; changes in interest rates and operating costs; compliance with regulatory regimes and local laws; uninsured or underinsured losses, including those relating to natural disasters or terrorism; domestic or international instability or political or civil unrest; the amount of debt that we currently have or may incur in the future; provisions in our debt agreements that may restrict the operation of our business; our separation from InvenTrust and our ability to operate as a stand-alone public reporting company; our organizational and governance structure; our status as a REIT; the cost of compliance with and liabilities under environmental, health and safety laws; adverse litigation judgments or settlements; changes in real estate and zoning laws and increase in real property tax rates; changes in federal, state or local tax law, including legislative, administrative, regulatory or other actions affecting REITs; changes in governmental regulations or interpretations thereof; estimates relating to our ability to make distributions to our stockholders in the future; and the risks, uncertainties and factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 These factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause our actual financial results, performance, achievements or prospects to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any of our forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could harm our results. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth above. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake or assume any obligation to update publicly any of these forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, new information or future events, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking statements, except to the extent required by applicable laws. If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview and Business Strategy 
 We are a self-advised and self-administered real estate investment trust REIT created to own and manage substantially all of the non-core assets previously owned and managed by our former parent, InvenTrust Properties Corp., a Maryland corporation InvenTrust ). On April 28, 2016, we were spun-off from InvenTrust through a pro rata distribution (the Distribution by InvenTrust of 100 of the outstanding shares of our common stock to holders of InvenTrust s common stock. Prior to or concurrent with the separation, we and InvenTrust engaged in certain reorganization transactions that were designed to consolidate substantially all of InvenTrust s remaining non-core assets in Highlands. Highlands was incorporated 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

in December 2015 as a Maryland corporation and operates in a manner that allows us to continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal tax purposes. 
 Our inherited portfolio of non-core assets, which were acquired by InvenTrust between 2005 and 2008, included assets that are special use, single-tenant or build-to-suit; face unresolved legal issues; are in undesirable locations or in weak markets or submarkets; are aging or functionally obsolete; and/or have sub-optimal leasing metrics. Certain of our assets are retail properties located in tertiary markets, which are particularly susceptible to the negative trends affecting retail real estate. As a result of these characteristics, such assets are difficult to lease, finance and refinance and are relatively illiquid compared to other types of real estate assets. These factors also significantly limit our asset disposition options, impact the timing of such dispositions and restrict the viable options available to the Company for a future potential liquidity option. 
 Our strategy is focused on preserving, protecting and maximizing the total value of our portfolio with the long-term objective of providing stockholders with a return of their investment. We engage in rigorous asset management, seek to sustain and enhance our portfolio, and improve the quality and income-producing ability of our portfolio by engaging in selective dispositions, acquisitions, capital expenditures, financing, refinancing and enhanced leasing. We are also focused on cost containment efforts across our portfolio, improving our overall capital structure and making select investments in our existing non-core assets to maximize their value. To the extent we are able to generate cash flows from operations or dispositions of assets, in addition to the cash uses outlined above, our board of directors has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company to seek to reinvest in assets that are more likely to generate more reliable and stable cash flows, such as multi-family assets, as part of the Company s overall strategy to optimize the value of the portfolio, enhance our options for a future potential liquidity option and maximize shareholder value. Given the nature and quality of the non-core assets in our portfolio as well as current market conditions, a definitive timeline for execution of our strategy cannot be made. The impact of rising interest rates, high inflation, unstable financial markets, tightening capital markets and general economic conditions on our business has disrupted our efforts to implement a liquidity option and, although we cannot predict when circumstances will improve, we will continue to evaluate options with the goal of implementing a liquidity option during 2023. However, we may be unable to execute on such a transaction on terms we would find attractive for our stockholders and our ability to do so will be influenced by external and macroeconomic factors, including, among others, interest rate movements, inflation, local, regional, national and global economic performance, government policy changes, competitive factors and the effects of any future resurgences of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of twelve multi-family assets, three retail assets, one office asset, two industrial assets, one correctional facility, and one parcel of unimproved land, which are all located in the United States. We currently have two business segments, consisting of multi-family assets and other assets (see Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding segment reporting). We may have additional or fewer segments in the future to the extent we enter into additional real property sectors, dispose of investment properties, or change the character of our assets. 
 Disposition Policy 
 We evaluate each of our assets on a rigorous and ongoing basis in an effort to optimize and enhance the total value of our portfolio. In furtherance of this strategy, for the foreseeable future, we anticipate disposing of select non-core assets that are not generating income or have unfavorable risk-adjusted returns and generally, using the proceeds from such sales to prepare other non-core assets for sale or invest in assets that are more likely to generate more reliable and stable cash flows, such as multi-family assets. 
 The determination of when a particular asset should be sold or otherwise disposed of will be made after consideration of all of the relevant factors, including whether such disposition will better position the portfolio for a potential future liquidity event, prevailing and projected economic and market conditions, the cash flow being generated by a particular asset, tax implications of a disposition, investment opportunities for any cash proceeds, debt characteristics of the asset, and whether the value of the asset is anticipated to decline or increase. The timing of any disposition will depend upon then-prevailing economic and market conditions and the factors described above, which could result in differing holding periods among the assets. There can be no assurance that dispositions will occur as planned, on acceptable terms, or within our desired timing. 
 Financing Strategy 
 Certain of our existing assets are currently encumbered by debt, and debt financing may be used from time to time for investment property improvements, tenant improvements, acquisition financing, leasing commissions, general corporate purposes and other working capital needs. The form of our indebtedness may vary and could be long-term or short-term, secured or unsecured, or fixed-rate or floating rate. We will not enter into interest rate swaps or caps, or similar hedging 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

transactions or derivative arrangements for speculative purposes, but may do so in order to manage or mitigate our interest rate risk on variable rate debt. For additional information regarding our existing debt, please refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis - Borrowings, and Note 8 (Debt) in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional discussion. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, none of our mortgage debt was recourse to the Company, although we have provided certain customary, non-recourse carve-out guarantees in connection with obtaining mortgage loans on certain of our investment properties. 
 Conflict of Interest Policy 
 We maintain policies designed to reduce or eliminate potential conflicts of interest. Any transaction between us and any director, officer or 5 stockholder must be approved pursuant to our related party transaction policy. In addition, we have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that seeks to identify and mitigate conflicts of interest between our employees, directors and officers and our company. However, we cannot assure you that these policies or provisions of law will always be successful in eliminating or minimizing the influence of such conflicts, and if they are not successful, decisions could be made that might fail to reflect fully the interests of stockholders. 
 Certain Other Policies 
 We intend to engage in future investment activities in a manner that is consistent with the requirements applicable to REITs for U.S. federal income tax purposes, unless the board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interest to so qualify as a REIT. 
 We may issue senior securities, purchase and sell investments, offer securities in exchange for property and repurchase or reacquire shares or other securities in the future. To the extent we engage in these activities, we will comply with applicable law. 
 We do not currently have policies in place with respect to making loans to other persons (other than our conflict of interest policies described above) or investing in securities. 
 Competition 
 We are subject to significant competition in seeking tenants for the leasing of our assets, buyers for the sale of assets and sellers for the acquisition of assets. We compete with many third parties engaged in real estate investment activities, including other REITs, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, lenders, hedge funds, governmental bodies and other entities. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial and other resources than we have and may have substantially more operating experience than us. We also face competition from other real estate investment programs for buyers, sellers and tenants that may be suitable for us. We perceive there to be a lower level of competition for certain assets in our portfolio based on, among other things, the characteristics of such assets, the number of willing buyers and the volume of transactions in their respective markets, which may make it challenging for us to sell these assets or attract tenants. Many of our retail tenants face intense competition from online retailers, which impacts demand for our brick-and-mortar retail real estate. A shift to e-commerce sales may adversely impact our retail tenants' sales thus causing those retailers to reduce the number of their retail locations in the future. 
 Human Capital Management 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had eight full-time employees, not including consultants and part-time workers. Due to the nature of our portfolio and our business strategy, we rely on consultants, professional firms and third parties, under our supervision, to perform many routine operations for us. Our human capital strategy is focused on talent management. We base our hiring, development, training, compensation and advancement decisions on an objective evaluation of qualifications, performance, skills and experience. Our employees are fairly compensated, without regard to gender, race and ethnicity. All of our full-time employees are offered a comprehensive benefits package, including, but not limited to, paid time off, medical dental and vision insurance, disability, life insurance, 401(k) matching, and reasonable work from home flexibility. We endeavor to maintain workplaces that are free from discrimination or harassment on the basis of color, race, sex, national origin, ethnicity, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression or any other status protected by applicable law. To that end, we conduct annual training to raise awareness of, and prevent, harassment and discrimination. 

3 

Table of Contents 

Environmental Other Government Regulation 
 As an owner of real estate, we are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including, among other things, zoning regulations, land use controls, environmental controls relating to air and water quality, noise pollution and indirect environmental impacts such as increased motor vehicle activity. We believe that we have all permits and approvals necessary under current law to operate our assets. 
 Compliance with existing environmental and other laws and regulations has not had a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations, and management does not believe it will have a material effect in the future. However, we cannot predict the impact of unforeseen environmental contingencies or new or changed laws or regulations on assets in which we hold an interest, or on assets that may be acquired directly or indirectly in the future. 
 Insurance 
 We have insurance coverage for our investment properties which includes the type of coverage and limits we believe to be appropriate for each investment property and our business operations. Such coverage typically includes commercial general liability and property insurance which, includes property damage and loss of rental income resulting from such perils as fire, windstorm, flood and extended coverage. Our management believes our insurance coverage contains policy terms and conditions and insured limits that are customary for similar properties and operations. 
 Principal Executive Offices 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 1 South Dearborn Street, 20th Floor, Chicago, Illinois, 60603, and our telephone number is (312) 583-7990. We maintain a website at www.highlandsreit.com. 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 We qualify as a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, which is defined as a company with a public equity float of less than 250 million or it has less than 100 million in annual revenues and no public float or public float of less than 700 million. To the extent that we remain a smaller reporting company, we will have reduced disclosure requirements for our public filings, including: (1) less extensive narrative disclosure than required of other reporting companies, particularly in the description of executive compensation and (2) the requirement to provide only two years of audited financial statements, instead of three years. In addition, until such time as the public float of our common stock exceeds 75 million, we will be a non-accelerated filer and will not be required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act. 
 Available Information 
 Stockholders may obtain copies of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), free of charge, from the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov or from our website at www.highlandsreit.com. These include our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on form 10-Q, and our current reports on Form 8-K. Our filings will be available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with the SEC. However, the information from our website is not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider each of the following risks described below and all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating us. Our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or ability to pay distributions to our stockholders could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by us described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks and uncertainties described in more detail in this Annual Report: 
 Short-term multi-family community leases associated with any multi-family residential properties we acquire may expose us to the effects of declining market rent and could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The costs of compliance with laws and regulations relating to our residential properties may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Increased competition and increased affordability of residential housing could limit our ability to retain tenants, lease multi-family properties or increase or maintain rents. 
 We could be negatively impacted by the condition of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac and by changes in government support for multi-family housing. 
 We may be unable to renew our commercial leases, lease vacant space or re-lease space as leases expire, thereby increasing or prolonging vacancies. 
 We may be unable to lease or dispose of our correctional facility on acceptable terms or at all. 
 We depend on tenants for our revenue, and accordingly, lease terminations, vacancies, tenant defaults and bankruptcies could adversely affect the income produced by our assets. 
 Our legacy portfolio includes assets that are special use, single-tenant and/or build-to-suit; face unresolved legal issues; are aging or functionally obsolete; or have sub-optimal leasing metrics, which may make them difficult to lease, finance or sell. 
 Many of our investment properties are located in weak markets or submarkets, which may adversely affect our ability to rent such investment properties, increase rental rates and/or sell such investment properties. 
 Economic and market conditions could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The uncertainty and economic impact of pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies or fear of such events, could adversely affect our and our tenants' financial condition and operations.. 
 Our ongoing business strategy involves the selling of assets; however, we may be unable to sell an asset at acceptable terms and conditions, if at all. 
 We may not successfully implement our strategy, in which case you may have to hold your investment for an indefinite period. 
 Real estate is a competitive business. 
 Any difficulties in obtaining capital necessary to make tenant improvements, pay leasing commissions and make capital improvements at our assets could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 There are inherent risks with investments in real estate, including the relative illiquidity of such investments. 
 Our assets may be subject to impairment charges that may materially affect our financial results. 
 Many real estate costs and certain operating costs are fixed, even if revenue from our assets decreases. 
 Operating and other expenses may increase in the future, which may cause our cash flow and our operating results to decrease. 
 Our revenue from our retail assets will be impacted by the success and economic viability of our anchor retail tenants. Our reliance on single or significant tenants in certain buildings may decrease our ability to lease vacated space and adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Government or public resistance to privatization of correctional facilities could negatively impact our future tenants, if any, and our ability to dispose of this asset, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

We could incur significant, material costs related to government regulation and litigation with respect to environmental matters, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 If we are unable to repay or refinance our existing debt as it comes due, we may need to sell the underlying asset sooner than anticipated or the lender may foreclose, in which case our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our special purpose property-owning subsidiaries may default under non-recourse mortgage loans. 
 Our failure to comply with the covenants in our debt agreements could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of our debt payments and adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 Failure to remain qualified as a REIT would cause us to be taxed as a regular corporation, which would substantially reduce funds available for distributions to our stockholders, adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and ability to engage in certain transactions and may have other adverse consequences, including under the tax laws. 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could reduce the value of our common stock. 
 There is no established public market for our shares and you may not be able to sell your shares. 
 The estimated value per share of our common stock is based on a number of assumptions and estimates that may not be accurate or complete and is also subject to a number of limitations. 
 We may issue additional securities, including common stock, preferred stock and debt securities, which could subordinate the rights of existing holders of our securities and, for holders of our equity securities, may result in dilution. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law and our governing documents affect the rights of our stockholders and may restrict or alter our ability to engage in certain transactions. 
 Our board of directors may change our investment strategy without stockholder approval, which could alter the nature of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Short-term multi-family community leases associated with any multi-family residential properties we acquire may expose us to the effects of declining market rent and could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We expect that substantially all of our multi-family community leases will be for a term of one year or less. Because these leases generally permit the residents to leave at the end of the lease term without penalty, our rental revenues may be impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. 
 The costs of compliance with laws and regulations relating to our residential properties may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Various laws, ordinances, and regulations affect multi-family residential properties, including regulations relating to recreational facilities, such as activity centers and other common areas. In addition, rent control laws may be applicable to any of our residential properties. 
 Some of these laws and regulations have been amended so as to require compliance with new or more stringent standards as of future dates. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations, stricter interpretation of existing laws or the future discovery of environmental contamination may require material expenditures by us. Future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose material environmental liabilities, and the current environmental condition of our investment properties might be affected by the operations of the tenants, by the existing condition of the land, by operations in the vicinity of the investment properties, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, or by the activities of unrelated third parties. 
 These laws typically allow liens to be placed on the affected investment property. In addition, there are various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and similar regulations which we may be required to comply with, and which may subject us to liability in the form of fines or damages for noncompliance. 
 Any newly acquired or developed multi-family residential properties must comply with Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act (the ADA to the extent that such properties are public accommodations and/or commercial facilities as defined by the ADA. Compliance with the ADA requires removal of structural barriers to handicapped access in certain public 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

areas of the properties where such removal is readily achievable. Our investment properties may not comply in all material respects with all present requirements under the ADA and applicable state laws. When acquiring investment properties, we may not succeed in placing the burden on the seller to ensure compliance with the ADA. Noncompliance with the ADA could result in the imposition of injunctive relief, monetary penalties or, in some cases, an award of damages to private litigants. The cost of defending against any claims of liability under the ADA or the payment of any fines or damages could adversely affect our financial condition and affect cash available to return capital and the amount of distributions to you. 
 Increased competition and increased affordability of residential housing could limit our ability to retain tenants, lease multi-family properties or increase or maintain rents. 
 The multi-family sector is highly competitive. This competition could reduce occupancy levels and revenues at our multi-family communities, which would adversely affect our operations. We face competition from many sources. We face competition from other multi-family communities both in the immediate vicinity and in the larger geographic market where our multi-family communities are located. These competitors may have greater experience and financial resources than us giving them an advantage in attracting tenants to their properties. For example, our competitors may be willing to offer multi-family housing at rental rates below our rates, causing us to lose existing or potential tenants and pressuring us to reduce our rental rates to retain existing tenants or convince new tenants to lease space at our investment property. Overbuilding of multi-family communities may also occur. Any increase in the amount of multi-family housing available in a given market may decrease occupancy and multi-family rental rates for our investment properties. In addition, increases in operating costs due to inflation may not be offset by increased multi-family rental rates for our investment properties. Furthermore, multi-family communities we acquire most likely compete, or will compete, with numerous housing alternatives in attracting tenants, including owner-occupied single- and multi-family housing available to rent or purchase. Competitive housing in a particular area and the increasing affordability of owner-occupied single- and multi-family housing available to rent or buy caused by low mortgage interest rates and government programs to promote home ownership could adversely affect our ability to retain our tenants, lease multi-family housing and increase or maintain rental rates. 
 We could be negatively impacted by the condition of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac and by changes in government support for multi-family housing. 
 Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are a major source of financing for multi-family real estate in the United States. In the future, we may utilize loan programs sponsored by these entities as a source of capital to finance our growth and our operations. In September 2008, the U.S. government assumed control of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and placed both companies into a government conservatorship under the Federal Housing Finance Agency. In December 2009, the U.S. Department of the Treasury increased its financial support for these conservatorships. In February 2011, the Obama administration released its blueprint for winding down Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and for reforming the system of housing finance. Since that time, members of Congress have introduced and Congressional committees have considered a substantial number of bills that include comprehensive or incremental approaches to winding down Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac or changing their purposes, businesses, or operations. A decision by the U.S. government to eliminate or downscale Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or to reduce government support for multi-family housing more generally may adversely affect interest rates, capital availability, development of multi-family communities and the value of multi-family assets and, as a result, may adversely affect our future growth and operations. 
 We may be unable to renew our commercial leases, lease vacant space or re-lease space as leases expire, thereby increasing or prolonging vacancies. 
 We cannot assure you that leases will be renewed or that our assets will be re-leased on terms equal to or better than the current terms, or at all. We also may not be able to lease space which is currently not occupied on acceptable terms and conditions, if at all. Certain of our assets are special-use, single-tenant or build-to-suit; are in undesirable locations or weak markets or sub-markets; and/or are aging or functionally obsolete. As a result, these investment properties may be very difficult to lease. In addition, some of our tenants have leases that include early termination provisions that permit the lessee to terminate all or a portion of its lease with us after a specified date or upon the occurrence of certain events with little or no liability to us. We may be required to offer substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options to retain these tenants or attract new ones. It is possible that, in order to lease currently vacant space, or space that may become vacant, we will be required to make rent or other concessions to tenants, accommodate requests for renovations, make tenant improvements or other improvements or provide additional services to our tenants. Portions of our assets may remain vacant for extended periods of time. If the rental rates for our assets decrease, our existing tenants do not renew their leases or we do not re-lease a significant portion of our available space and space for which leases will expire, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

7 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to lease or dispose of our correctional facility on acceptable terms or at all. 
 
 The lease with GEO on our correctional facility expired in January of 2020 and GEO has vacated the facility. We expect the asset to remain vacant for years to come. We cannot assure you that we will be able to lease or dispose of the Hudson correctional facility on acceptable terms or at all. Correctional facilities are unique, specific-purpose assets that have a limited market, and we face competition in this market from both government entities and private operators, many of which have a longer track record and more experience and greater financial resources than us. Additionally, the market for leasing or selling correctional facilities is subject to a number of unique factors, including the level of government appropriations and acceptance of privatization of correctional facilities among the government and the general public. Namely, on January 26, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order directing the U.S. Attorney General to not renew U.S. Department of Justice contracts with privately operated criminal detention facilities. This executive order or similar government actions could limit the number of potential tenants or buyers for our Hudson correctional facility. Further, if we are unable to lease or sell our Hudson correctional facility on acceptable terms or at all, we may be required to make significant capital expenditures to reposition this asset or to finance the asset or sell this asset. If we are unable to lease or sell our Hudson correctional facility on acceptable terms or at all, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 We depend on tenants for our revenue, and accordingly, lease terminations, vacancies, tenant defaults and bankruptcies could adversely affect the income produced by our assets. 
 Our business and financial condition depends on the financial stability of our tenants. Certain economic conditions, may adversely affect one or more of our tenants. For example, business failures and downsizing can affect the tenants of our office and industrial assets. As a result, our tenants may delay lease commencements, decline to extend or renew their leases upon expiration, fail to make rental payments, or declare bankruptcy. Individual tenants may lease more than one asset or space at more than one asset. As a result, the financial failure of one tenant could increase vacancy at more than one asset or cause more than one lease to become non-performing. Any of these actions could result in the termination of the tenants leases, the expiration of existing leases without renewal or the loss of lease income attributable to the terminated or expired leases, any of which could make our assets difficult to sell and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 In the event of a tenant default or bankruptcy, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as a landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment and re-leasing our asset. Specifically, a bankruptcy filing by, or relating to, one of our tenants or a lease guarantor would bar efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from that tenant or lease guarantor, or its assets, unless we receive an order permitting us to do so from the bankruptcy court. In addition, we cannot evict a tenant solely because of bankruptcy. The bankruptcy of a tenant or lease guarantor could delay our efforts to collect past-due balances under the relevant leases, and could ultimately preclude collection of these sums. If a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we would have only a general, unsecured claim for damages. An unsecured claim would only be paid to the extent that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of general, unsecured claims. Restrictions under the bankruptcy laws further limit the amount of any other claims that we can make if a lease is rejected. As a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of the remaining rent during the term, and may not recover any balances at all. 
 Additionally, various federal, state and local governments previously enacted, and may in the future enact, laws, regulations and moratoriums or take other actions which could limit our ability to evict tenants until such laws, regulations or moratoriums are reversed or lifted. In particular, many state and local governments previously implemented eviction moratoriums as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic which generally applied to both residential and commercial tenants. 
 Our legacy portfolio includes assets that are special use, single-tenant and/or build-to-suit; face unresolved legal issues; are aging or functionally obsolete; or have sub-optimal leasing metrics, which may make them difficult to lease, finance or sell. 
 Our legacy portfolio includes assets that are special use, single-tenant and/or build-to-suit; face unresolved legal issues; are aging or functionally obsolete; or have sub-optimal leasing metrics, which may make them relatively illiquid compared to other types of real estate assets. With these assets, if the current lease is terminated or not renewed, we may be required to make significant capital expenditures to reposition the asset or make rent concessions in order to lease the asset to another tenant, finance the asset or sell the asset. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Many of our investment properties are located in weak markets or submarkets, which may adversely affect our ability to rent such investment properties, increase rental rates and/or sell such investment properties. 
 Certain of our investment properties are located in weak markets or submarkets. These markets may be experiencing economic slowdowns, little or no job growth, and/or high numbers of vacancies. Also, with respect to our retail assets, a shift toward increased e-commerce sales could adversely impact the demand for our retail assets if retail tenants reduce the number of their brick-and-mortar locations. The weakness of an asset s market or submarket may adversely affect our ability to rent such investment properties, increase rental rates and/or sell such investment properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 Economic and market conditions could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business may be affected by market and economic challenges, including economic conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, experienced by the United States or global economies or the real estate industry as a whole or by the local economic conditions in the markets in which our assets are located, including any dislocations in the credit markets. Global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions over the past several months, including declines in consumer confidence, concerns about declines in economic growth, increases in the rate of inflation, increases in borrowing rates and changes in liquidity and credit availability, and uncertainty about economic stability, including most recently in connection with actions undertaken by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board to address inflation, the military conflict in Ukraine, the continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and supply chain disruptions. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. These conditions may materially affect our tenants, the value and performance of our assets and our ability to sell assets, as well as our ability to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance, any outstanding debt when due. Challenging economic conditions may also impact the ability of certain of our tenants to enter into new leasing transactions or satisfy rental payments under existing leases. Specifically, these conditions may have the following consequences: 
 the financial condition of our tenants may be adversely affected, which may result in us having to increase concessions, reduce rental rates or make capital improvements in order to maintain occupancy levels or to negotiate for reduced space needs, which may result in a decrease in our occupancy levels; 
 significant job loss may occur, which may decrease demand for space and result in lower occupancy levels, which will result in decreased revenues and which could diminish the value of assets, which depend, in part, upon the cash flow generated by our assets; 
 an increase in the number of bankruptcies or insolvency proceedings of our tenants and lease guarantors, which could delay our efforts to collect rent and any past due balances under the relevant leases and ultimately could preclude collection of these sums; 
 our ability to borrow on terms and conditions that we find acceptable may be limited; 
 the amount of capital that is available to finance assets could diminish, which, in turn, could lead to a decline in asset values generally, slow asset transaction activity, and reduce the loan to value ratio upon which lenders are willing to lend; and 
 the value of certain of our assets may decrease below the amounts we paid for them, which would limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or for potential buyers to obtain debt financing secured by these assets and could reduce our ability to finance our business. 
 We are subject to risks associated with public health crises, including pandemics and epidemics. 
 We are subject to risks associated with public health crises and government measures to prevent the spread of infectious diseases. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused, and another pandemic in the future, or a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic, could cause, disruptions to regional and global economies and significant volatility and negative pressure in the financial markets. A local, regional, national or international outbreak of a contagious disease could also have a material and adverse effect on our ability to successfully operate and on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows because, among other factors, such outbreak could decrease the willingness of customers to patronize our tenants retail facilities, discourage residents from renting in our multi-family communities, cause shortages of employees to staff our tenants operations, interrupt supplies from third parties upon which our tenants rely, cause us or our tenants to temporarily close one or more of our investment properties, result in governmental regulation adversely impacting our or our tenants businesses and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such adverse effect could be rapid and unexpected. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or other future health crises, may impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition depends on many factors which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict. These factors include, but are not limited to, the duration and spread of any outbreak, the timing, distribution and efficacy of vaccines and other treatments, Unites States and foreign government actions to respond to the outbreak, and how quickly and to what extent normal operation conditions can resume. 
 Our ongoing business strategy involves the selling of assets; however, we may be unable to sell an asset at acceptable terms and conditions, if at all. 
 We intend to hold our assets until such time as we determine that a sale or other disposition appears to be advantageous to achieve our investment objectives. The determination of when a particular asset should be sold or otherwise disposed of will be made after consideration of all of the relevant factors, including whether such disposition will better position the portfolio for a potential future liquidity event, prevailing and projected economic and market conditions, the cash flow being generated by a particular asset, tax implications of a disposition, debt characteristics of the asset, and whether the value of the asset or other investment is anticipated to decline or increase investment opportunities for any proceeds. Even if we do determine to sell an asset, market conditions or individual asset characteristics may negatively affect the value of our assets and therefore reduce our return on the investment or prevent us from selling the asset on acceptable terms or at all. Some of our leases contain provisions giving the tenant a right to purchase the asset, such as a right of first offer or right of first refusal, which may lessen our ability to freely control the sale of the asset. Debt levels may exceed the value of our assets in the future, making it more difficult for us to rent, refinance or sell the assets. In addition, real estate investments are relatively illiquid and often cannot be sold quickly, limiting our ability to sell our assets when we decide to do so, or in response to such changing economic or asset-specific issues. Further, economic conditions may prevent potential purchasers from obtaining financing on acceptable terms, if at all, thereby delaying or preventing our ability to sell our assets. 
 We may not successfully implement our strategy, in which case you may have to hold your investment for an indefinite period. 
 We are under no obligation to complete our strategy within a specified time period, and market and economic conditions and other factors beyond our control could delay the execution of our strategy. Our investment objectives are to preserve, protect and maximize the total value of our portfolio with the long term objective of providing stockholders with a return of their investment. Given the nature of the assets in our portfolio, we expect that this turnaround strategy could take multiple years to execute. We may not be able to control the timing of the sale of our assets, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to sell our assets so as to return any portion of our stockholders invested capital, particularly our non-core assets, or fully satisfy our debt obligations. Our ability to sell our assets may also be limited by our need to avoid a 100 penalty tax that is imposed on gain recognized by a REIT from the sale of assets characterized as dealer property, which may cause us to forego or defer sales of assets that otherwise would be in our best interests. 
 If we are not successful in implementing our strategy in a timely manner, your shares may continue to be illiquid and you may, for an indefinite period of time, be unable to convert your investment into cash easily, if at all, and could suffer losses on your investment. 
 Real estate is a competitive business. 
 We compete with numerous developers, owners and operators of commercial real estate assets in the leasing market, many of which own assets similar to, and in the same market areas as, our assets. In addition, some of these competitors may be willing to accept lower returns on their investments than we are, and many have greater resources than we have and may enjoy significant competitive advantages that result from, among other things, a lower cost of capital and enhanced operating efficiencies. Principal factors of competition include rents charged, attractiveness of location, the quality of the asset and breadth and quality of services provided. Our success depends upon, among other factors, trends affecting national and local economies, the financial condition and operating results of current and prospective tenants and customers, availability and cost of capital, construction and renovation costs, taxes, governmental regulations, legislation, job creation and population trends. 
 We also face competition from other real estate investment programs for buyers. We perceive there to be a smaller universe of potential buyers for many of the types of assets that comprise our portfolio in comparison to assets in more core real estate sectors, which will likely make it challenging for us to sell our assets. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Any difficulties in obtaining capital necessary to make tenant improvements, pay leasing commissions and make capital improvements at our assets could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Ownership of real estate is a capital intensive business that requires significant capital expenditures to operate, maintain and renovate assets. Access to the capital that we need to lease, maintain and renovate existing assets is critical to the success of our business. We may not be able to fund tenant improvements, pay leasing commissions or fund capital improvements at our existing assets solely from cash provided from our operating activities. As a result, our ability to fund tenant improvements, pay leasing commissions or fund capital improvements through retained earnings may be restricted. Consequently, we may have to rely upon the availability of debt, net proceeds from the dispositions of our assets or equity capital to fund tenant improvements, pay leasing commissions or fund capital improvements. Our ability to obtain debt on favorable terms or at all may be further limited by the fact that certain investment properties previously owned by the Company were foreclosed upon. The inability to access capital could impair our ability to compete effectively and harm our business. 
 There are inherent risks with investments in real estate, including the relative illiquidity of such investments. 
 Investments in real estate are subject to varying degrees of risk. For example, an investment in real estate cannot generally be quickly sold, and we cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any asset we desire to on the terms set by us or acceptable to us, or the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of such asset. Moreover, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, amended (the Code imposes restrictions on a REIT s ability to dispose of assets that are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. In particular, the tax laws applicable to REITs require that we hold our assets for investment, rather than primarily for sale in the ordinary course of business, which may cause us to forego or defer sales of assets that otherwise would be in our best interests. Therefore, we may not be able to vary our portfolio promptly in response to changing economic, financial, investment and market conditions and dispose of assets at opportune times, on favorable terms or at all, which may adversely affect our cash flows and our ability to make distributions to stockholders. 
 Investments in real estate are also subject to adverse changes in general economic conditions. Among the factors that could impact our assets and the value of an investment in us are: 
 risks associated with the possibility that cost increases will outpace revenue increases and that in the event of an economic slowdown, the high proportion of fixed costs will make it difficult to reduce costs to the extent required to offset declining revenues; 
 changes in tax laws and property taxes, or an increase in the assessed valuation of an asset for real estate tax purposes; 
 adverse changes in the U.S. federal, state or local laws and regulations applicable to us, including those affecting zoning, fuel and energy consumption, water and environmental restrictions, and the related costs of compliance; 
 changing market demographics; 
 an inability to finance real estate assets on favorable terms, if at all; 
 the ongoing need for owner-funded capital improvements and expenditures to maintain or upgrade assets; 
 fluctuations in real estate values or potential impairments in the value of our assets; 
 pandemics, natural disasters, such as earthquakes, floods or other insured or uninsured losses; 
 war, political conditions or civil unrest, terrorist activities or threats heightened travel security measures instituted in response to these events; and 
 changes in interest rates and availability, cost and terms of financing. 
 Our assets may be subject to impairment charges that may materially affect our financial results. 
 Economic and other conditions may adversely impact the valuation of our assets, resulting in impairment charges that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and earnings. On a regular basis, we evaluate our assets for impairments based on various triggers, including changes in the projected cash flows of such assets and market conditions. If we determine that an impairment has occurred, then we would be required to make an adjustment to the net carrying value of the asset, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the accounting period in which the adjustment is made. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we were not required to make any impairment adjustments. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we determined that impairment with respect to our State Street asset had occurred, resulting in a reduction in net carrying value of that asset of 1.4 million. Furthermore, changes in estimated future cash flows due to a change in our plans, policies, or views of market and economic conditions could result in the recognition of additional impairment losses for already impaired assets, which, under the applicable accounting guidance, could be substantial. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Many real estate costs and certain operating costs are fixed, even if revenue from our assets decreases. 
 Many real estate costs, such as real estate taxes, insurance premiums, maintenance costs and certain operating costs generally are more fixed than variable and, as a result, are not reduced even when an asset is not fully occupied, rents decrease or other circumstances cause a reduction in revenues. If we are unable to offset these fixed costs with sufficient revenues across our portfolio, it could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. This risk is particularly acute at our net lease assets. 
 Operating and other expenses may increase in the future, which may cause our cash flow and our operating results to decrease. 
 Certain operating expenses and certain general and administrative expenses are not fixed and may increase in the future. Any increases would cause our cash flow and our operating results to decrease. If we are unable to offset these decreases with sufficient revenues across our portfolio, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our revenue from our retail assets will be impacted by the success and economic viability of our anchor retail tenants. Our reliance on single or significant tenants in certain buildings may decrease our ability to lease vacated space and adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 In the retail sector, a tenant occupying all or a large portion of the gross leasable area of a retail center, commonly referred to as an anchor tenant, may become insolvent, may suffer a downturn in business or may decide not to renew its lease. Any of these events would result in a reduction or cessation in rental payments to us and would adversely affect our financial condition. A lease termination by an anchor tenant also could result in lease terminations or reductions in rent by other tenants whose leases may permit cancellation or rent reduction if another tenant s lease is terminated. Similarly, the leases of some anchor tenants may permit the anchor tenant to transfer its lease to another retailer. The transfer to a new anchor tenant could reduce customer traffic in the retail center and thereby reduce the income generated by that retail center. A transfer of a lease to a new anchor tenant could also allow other tenants to make reduced rental payments or to terminate their leases in accordance with lease terms. If we are unable to re-lease the vacated space to a new anchor tenant, we may incur additional expenses in order to remodel the space to be able to re-lease the space to more than one tenant. 
 Government or public resistance to privatization of correctional facilities could negatively impact our future tenants, if any, and our ability to dispose of this asset, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The management and operation of correctional facilities by private entities has not achieved acceptance by either government agencies or the public and, more recently, has been opposed by the Biden administration. Namely, on January 26, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that directs the U.S. Attorney General to not renew U.S. Department of Justice contracts with privately operated criminal detention facilities. Further, some governmental agencies have historically had limitations on their ability to delegate their traditional management responsibilities for such facilities to private companies, and additional executive actions, legislative changes or prohibitions could occur that further increase these limitations. In addition, privatization of such facilities has historically encountered resistance from groups, and activists, that believe that correctional facilities should only be operated by governmental agencies. Negative publicity about poor conditions, an escape, riot or other disturbance at a privately-managed facility may result in adverse publicity to the private corrections industry. Any of these occurrences or continued trends may make it more difficult for future tenants, if any, of our correctional facility asset to obtain new contracts. Changes in governing political parties could also result in significant changes to previously established views of privatization. Increased government or public resistance to the privatization of correctional facilities, including actions taken by federal, state and local governments, could have a material adverse effect on our future tenants, if any, who operate in this industry, which could adversely impact the value of our correctional facility asset, our ability to re-lease such asset and our results of operations. 
 The land underlying a portion of one of our assets is subject to a ground lease, which could limit our use of the asset, and a breach or termination of the ground lease could materially and adversely affect us. 
 We lease a portion of the land underlying one of our assets, Sherman Plaza, from a third party through a ground lease covering such land. As a lessee under a ground lease, we are exposed to the possibility of losing the right to use the portion of our asset covered by the ground lease upon termination, or an earlier breach by us, of the ground lease. The ground lease may also restrict our use of the asset, which may limit our flexibility in renting the asset and may impede our ability to sell the asset. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Uninsured and underinsured losses at our assets could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We intend to maintain comprehensive insurance on each of our current assets, including liability, fire and extended coverage, of the type and amount we believe are customarily obtained for or by property owners. There are no assurances that coverage will be available at reasonable rates. Various types of catastrophic losses, like windstorms, earthquakes and floods, environmental events and losses from foreign terrorist activities may not be insurable or may not be economically insurable. Even when insurable, these policies may have high deductibles and/or high premiums. Lenders may require such insurance. Our failure to obtain such insurance could constitute a default under loan agreements, and/or our lenders may force us to obtain such insurance at unfavorable rates, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability and revenues. 
 In the event of a substantial loss, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover the full current market value or replacement cost of our lost investment. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in an asset, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the asset. In that event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the asset. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors might also keep us from using insurance proceeds to replace or renovate an asset after it has been damaged or destroyed. Under those circumstances, the insurance proceeds we receive might be inadequate to restore our economic position on the damaged or destroyed property, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability. 
 In addition, insurance risks associated with potential terrorist acts could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. With the enactment of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2007, United States insurers cannot exclude conventional, chemical, biological, nuclear and radiation terrorism losses. These insurers must make terrorism insurance available under their property and casualty insurance policies; however, this legislation does not regulate the pricing of such insurance. In many cases, mortgage lenders have begun to insist that commercial property owners purchase coverage against terrorism as a condition of providing mortgage loans. Such insurance policies may not be available at a reasonable cost, which could inhibit our ability to finance or refinance our assets. In such instances, we may be required to provide other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses. We may not have adequate coverage for such losses, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We could incur significant, material costs related to government regulation and litigation with respect to environmental matters, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our assets are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local environmental laws that impose liability for contamination. Under these laws, governmental entities have the authority to require us, as the current owner of an asset, to perform or pay for the clean-up of contamination (including hazardous substances, asbestos and asbestos-containing materials, waste or petroleum products) at, on, under or emanating from the asset and to pay for natural resource damages arising from such contamination. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator or other responsible party knew of, or caused such contamination, and the liability may be joint and several. Because these laws also impose liability on persons who owned an asset at the time it became contaminated, it is possible we could incur cleanup costs or other environmental liabilities even after we sell assets. Contamination at, on, under or emanating from our assets also may expose us to liability to private parties for costs of remediation and/or personal injury or property damage. In addition, environmental laws may create liens on contaminated sites in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs to address such contamination. If contamination is discovered on our assets, environmental laws also may impose restrictions on the manner in which the assets may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures. Moreover, environmental contamination can affect the value of an asset and, therefore, an owner s ability to borrow funds using the asset as collateral or to sell the asset on favorable terms or at all. Furthermore, persons who sent waste to a waste disposal facility, such as a landfill or an incinerator, may be liable for costs associated with cleanup of that facility. 
 In addition, our assets are subject to various U.S. federal, state, and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that address a wide variety of issues, including, but not limited to, storage tanks, air emissions from emergency generators, storm water and wastewater discharges, lead-based paint, mold and mildew, and waste management. Some of our assets may handle and use hazardous or regulated substances and wastes as part of their operations, which substances and wastes are subject to regulation. Our assets incur costs to comply with these environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and could be subject to fines and penalties for non-compliance with applicable requirements. 
 Environmental laws in the U.S. also require that owners or operators of buildings containing asbestos properly manage and maintain the asbestos, adequately inform or train those who may come into contact with asbestos and undertake special 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

precautions, including removal or other abatement, if that asbestos is disturbed during building renovation or demolition. These laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators who fail to comply with these requirements and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos. Some of our assets may contain asbestos-containing building materials. 
 When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Indoor air quality issues can also stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contamination from indoor or outdoor sources, and other biological contaminants such as pollen, viruses and bacteria. Indoor exposure to airborne toxins or irritants above certain levels can be alleged to cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. As a result, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our assets could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants from the affected asset or increase indoor ventilation. In addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us to liability to third parties if property damage or personal injury occurs. 
 Liabilities and costs associated with environmental contamination at, on, under or emanating from our assets, defending against claims related to alleged or actual environmental issues, or complying with environmental, health and safety laws could be material and could materially and adversely affect us. We can make no assurances that changes in current laws or regulations or future laws or regulations will not impose additional or new material environmental liabilities or that the current environmental condition of our assets will not be affected by our operations, the condition of the assets in the vicinity of our assets, or by third parties unrelated to us. The discovery of material environmental liabilities at our assets could subject us to unanticipated significant costs, which could significantly reduce or eliminate our profitability and the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 The costs of compliance with laws and regulations relating to our investment properties may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Various laws, ordinances, and regulations affect our investment properties. Some of these laws and regulations have been amended so as to require compliance with new or more stringent standards as of future dates. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations, stricter interpretation of existing laws or the future discovery of environmental contamination may require material expenditures by us. Future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose material environmental liabilities, and the current environmental condition of our investment properties might be affected by the operations of the tenants, by the existing condition of the land, by operations in the vicinity of the properties, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, or by the activities of unrelated third parties. 
 Any newly acquired or developed multi-family residential properties must comply with Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act (the ADA to the extent that such properties are public accommodations and/or commercial facilities as defined by the ADA. Compliance with the ADA requires removal of structural barriers to handicapped access in certain public areas of the properties where such removal is readily achievable. Our investment properties may not comply in all material respects with all present requirements under the ADA and applicable state laws. When acquiring investment properties, we may not succeed in placing the burden on the seller to ensure compliance with the ADA. Noncompliance with the ADA could result in the imposition of injunctive relief, monetary penalties or, in some cases, an award of damages to private litigants. The cost of defending against any claims of liability under the ADA or the payment of any fines or damages could adversely affect our financial condition and affect cash available to return capital and the amount of distributions to you. 
 Under the ADA and the Accessibility Guidelines promulgated thereunder; all public accommodations must meet various U.S. federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Compliance with the ADA s requirements could require removal of access barriers, and non-compliance could result in the U.S. government imposing fines or in private litigants winning damages. 
 Our assets are also subject to various U.S. federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as state and local fire and life safety requirements. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we could incur fines or private damage awards. We do not know whether existing requirements will change or whether compliance with future requirements would require significant unanticipated expenditures that would affect our cash flow and results of operations. If we incur substantial costs to comply with the ADA requirements or other safety regulations and requirements, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Adverse judgments or settlements resulting from legal proceedings in which we may be involved in the normal course of our business could reduce our profits or limit our ability to operate our business. 
 In the normal course of our business, we are involved in various legal proceedings. The outcome of these proceedings cannot be predicted. If any of these proceedings were to be determined adversely to us or a settlement involving a payment of a material sum of money were to occur, it could materially and adversely affect our profits or ability to operate our business. Additionally, we could become the subject of future claims by third parties, including current or former tenants, our employees, our investors or regulators. Any significant adverse judgments or settlements would reduce our profits and could limit our ability to operate our business. Further, we may incur costs related to claims for which we have appropriate third-party indemnity, but such third parties fail to fulfill their contractual obligations. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more time-consuming and costly, and may place a strain on our personnel, systems and resources. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are also required to make a formal assessment and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and management oversight. 
 Current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate due to changes in conditions of our business. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to maintain or develop effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations. 
 We are increasingly dependent on information technology, and potential cyber-attacks, security problems, or other disruptions present risks and could disrupt our operations, result in the loss of confidential information or damage our business relationships and reputation. 
 Cybersecurity incidents and cyber-attacks have been occurring globally at a more frequent and severe level and may continue to increase in frequency in the future. Our reliance on computer systems to manage our business is extensive, and our business is at risk from and may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks, security breaches and failure to maintain critical information technology systems and effective internal controls. Our three primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyber incident include operational interruption, damage to our relationships with our tenants and private data exposure. Our financial results and reputation may be negatively impacted by such an incident. 
 A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. More specifically, a cyber incident is an intentional attack or an unintentional event that can include an intruder gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our systems, both internal and those we have outsourced. While we and our business partners have implemented measures to help mitigate these threats, these measures cannot guarantee that we will be successful in preventing a cyber incident. 
 Moreover, our information technology networks and related systems are essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations of our business, and a cyber incident could result in a data center outage, disrupting our systems and operations or the operations of our business partners, compromise the confidential information of our employees or tenants, and damage our business relationships and reputation. Although we have implemented various measures to manage risks relating to these types of events, these measures and the systems supporting them could prove to be inadequate and, if compromised, could become inoperable for extended periods of time, cease to function properly or fail to adequately secure private information. Further, although we maintain some of our own critical information technology systems, we also depend on third parties to provide important information technology services relating to, for instance, payroll, electronic communications and certain finance 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

functions. The security measures employed by such third party service providers may prove to be ineffective at preventing breaches of their systems. 
 Risks Related to Debt Financing 
 If we are unable to repay or refinance our existing debt as it comes due, we may need to sell the underlying asset sooner than anticipated or the lender may foreclose, in which case our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Certain of our debt is secured by certain of our assets, and, if our subsidiaries are unable to repay or refinance the debt as it becomes due, we may need to sell the underlying asset sooner than anticipated or the lender may foreclose. One of our mortgages matures in the near-term and may need to be repaid in full. 
 While most of the mortgages on our investment properties do not mature in the near term, due to the near-term expiration of tenant leases at certain of these investment properties, we may be unable to make mortgage payments and may default under the applicable loan agreement. This may force us to dispose of those assets on disadvantageous terms, or the lender under such mortgages may foreclose, resulting in losses materially adversely affecting our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition. Generally, a borrower in foreclosure proceedings has limited or no control over the timing and speed of such proceedings, and the ultimate resolution of such proceedings may take years. The Company may provide customary, non-recourse carve-out guarantees in connection with obtaining mortgage loans. 
 Our special-purpose property-owning subsidiaries may default under non-recourse mortgage loans. 
 All of our assets are held in special-purpose property-owning subsidiaries. In the future, such special-purpose property-owning subsidiaries may default and/or send notices of imminent default on non-recourse mortgage loans where the relevant asset is or will be suffering from cash shortfalls on operating expenses, leasing costs and/or debt service obligations. If tenants at certain of our investment properties, fail to renew their leases and we are unable to find new tenants, we may be unable to make mortgage payments and may default under the loan agreement. Additionally, in connection with our separation from InvenTrust, certain lenders under such non-recourse mortgage loans may allege that a default has been deemed to occur under such loans. 
 Any default by our special-purpose property-owning subsidiaries under non-recourse mortgage loans would give the special servicers the right to accelerate the payment on the loans and the right to foreclose on the asset underlying such loans. There are several potential outcomes on the default of a non-recourse mortgage loan, including foreclosure, a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, a cooperative short sale, or a negotiated modification to the terms of the loan. There is no assurance that we will be able to achieve a favorable outcome on a cooperative or timely basis on any defaulted mortgage loan. 
 Our failure to comply with the covenants in our debt agreements could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Our mortgage loans require compliance with certain debt covenants, such as minimum debt service coverage ratios and minimum net worth. Any other debt agreement that we enter into may place additional restrictions on us and may also require us to meet certain financial ratios and tests. In addition, any future debt agreements may contain, cross-default provisions that trigger an event of default if we fail to make payments or otherwise fail to comply with our obligations with respect to certain of our other indebtedness. 
 Our failure to comply with these covenants, as well as our inability to make required payments could result in the acceleration of the debt and, in the case of secured debt, the lenders taking possession of the investment property or properties securing such debt. If repayment of any of our indebtedness is accelerated, we cannot provide assurance that we would be able to borrow sufficient funds to refinance such indebtedness or that we would be able to sell sufficient assets to repay such indebtedness. Even if we were able to obtain new financing, it may not be on commercially reasonable terms or terms that are acceptable to us. 
 In addition, in connection with certain of our debt agreements we have entered, and in the future may enter, into lockbox and cash management agreements pursuant to which all or substantially all of the income generated by our assets will be deposited directly into lockbox accounts and then swept into cash management accounts for the benefit of our lenders and from which cash may not be distributed to us or will be distributed to us only after funding of certain items, which may include payment of principal and interest on our debt, insurance and tax reserves or escrows and other expenses. As a result, we may be forced to borrow additional funds in order to make distributions to our stockholders necessary to allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to obligations under certain non-recourse carve-out indemnity agreements and guarantees that may be deemed to be triggered in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, certain of our assets are encumbered by traditional non-recourse debt obligations. In connection with obtaining these loans, we entered into indemnity agreements and non-recourse carve-out guarantees, which provide for these otherwise non-recourse loans to become partially or fully recourse against us if certain triggering events occur. Although these events differ from loan to loan, some of the common events include: 
 Our filing of a voluntary petition for bankruptcy or commencing similar insolvency proceedings; 
 Subject to certain conditions, our failure to obtain the lender s written consent prior to any subordinate financing or other voluntary lien encumbering the associated asset; and 
 Subject to certain conditions, our failure to obtain the lender s written consent prior to a transfer or conveyance of the associated asset. 
 In addition, other items that are customarily recourse to a non-recourse carve-out guarantor include, but are not limited to, the payment of real property taxes, the breach of representations related to environmental issues or hazardous substances, physical waste of the property, liens which are senior to the mortgage loan and outstanding security deposits. 
 In the event that any of these triggering events occur and such loans become partially or fully recourse against us, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and the value of our common stock would be materially adversely affected, and we may be forced to sell other assets and/or our insolvency could result. Additionally, in connection with our separation from InvenTrust, certain lenders under such non-recourse mortgage loans may allege that a default has been deemed to occur under such loans and may seek to recover from us and/or our subsidiaries the full extent of their losses with respect to such loans. Any allegations may create a distraction for our management, result in significant liability, or subject us to litigation that could be costly or otherwise materially adversely affect us. 
 We may be unable to satisfy our debt obligations upon a change of control. 
 Under the documents that govern our indebtedness, if we experience a change of control, we could be required to incur certain penalties, fees and other expenses, which may include repayment of the entire principal balance of some of our outstanding indebtedness plus additional fees and interest. We might not have sufficient funds to repay such amounts. Any of these events could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Volatility in the financial markets and challenging economic conditions, could adversely affect our ability to secure debt financing on attractive terms and our ability to service any future indebtedness that we may incur. 
 The domestic and international commercial real estate debt markets could become very volatile as a result of, among other things, the tightening of underwriting standards by lenders and credit rating agencies. This could result in less availability of credit and increasing costs for what is available. If the overall cost of borrowing increases, either by increases in the index rates or by increases in lender spreads, the increased costs may result in lower overall economic returns and potentially reducing future cash flow available for distribution. If these disruptions in the debt markets were to persist, our ability to borrow funds to finance activities related to real estate assets could be negatively impacted. In addition, we may find it difficult, costly or impossible to refinance indebtedness that is maturing. 
 Further, economic conditions could negatively impact commercial real estate fundamentals and result in declining values in our real estate portfolio and in the collateral securing any loan investments we may make, which could have various negative impacts. Specifically, the value of collateral securing any loan we hold could decrease below the outstanding principal amounts of such loans. 
 Borrowings may reduce the funds available for distribution and increase the risk of loss since defaults may cause us to lose the assets securing the loans. 
 We may from time to time borrow money for other purposes to, among other things, satisfy the requirement that we distribute at least 90 of our REIT annual taxable income, subject to certain adjustments, or as is otherwise necessary or advisable to assure that we qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Over the long term, however, payments required on any amounts we borrow reduce the funds available for, among other things, capital expenditures for existing assets or distributions to our stockholders because cash otherwise available for these purposes is used to pay principal and interest on this debt. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

If there is a shortfall between the cash flow from an asset and the cash flow needed to service mortgage debt on an asset, then the amount of cash flow from operations available for distributions to stockholders may be reduced. In addition, incurring mortgage debt increases the risk of loss since defaults on indebtedness secured by an asset may result in lenders initiating foreclosure actions. In such a case, we could lose the asset securing the loan that is in default, thus reducing the value of your investment. For tax purposes, a foreclosure is treated as a sale of the asset or assets for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the asset or assets. If the outstanding balance of the debt exceeds our tax basis in the asset or assets, we would recognize taxable gain on the foreclosure action and we would not receive any cash proceeds. We also may fully or partially guarantee any funds that subsidiaries borrow to operate assets. In these cases, we may be responsible to the lender for repaying the loans if the subsidiary is unable to do so. 
 Due to distressed assets within our portfolio and our relatively small size as compared with the size of InvenTrust, our former parent, it may be difficult for us to obtain debt financing or refinancing on favorable terms, or at all, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may require debt financing from time to time for investment property improvements, tenant improvements, acquisition financing, leasing commissions, general corporate purposes and other working capital needs. There are a number of distressed assets in our portfolio that are in danger of becoming subject to foreclosure proceedings. Lenders may consider the fact that such distressed assets exist within our portfolio when determining whether to advance credit to us in the future, even though each asset is owned by a separate subsidiary. Additionally, due to our reduced size in comparison to InvenTrust, it may be difficult to refinance our existing debt on favorable terms. If we are unable to obtain debt financing on favorable terms, or at all, or if the ability to obtain financing is restricted by the terms of our credit facility or other indebtedness we may incur, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to borrow at favorable rates, we may not be able to refinance existing loans at maturity. 
 If we are unable to borrow money at favorable rates, or at all, we may be unable to refinance existing loans at maturity. Further, we may enter into loan agreements or other credit arrangements that require us to pay interest on amounts we borrow at variable or adjustable rates. Increases in interest rates will increase our interest costs. If interest rates are higher when we refinance our loans, our expenses will increase. Any increases in our operating costs due to increased interest costs would reduce our cash flow, which could reduce the amount we are able to distribute to our stockholders. Further, during periods of rising interest rates, we may be forced to sell one or more of our assets earlier than anticipated in order to repay existing loans, which may not permit us to maximize the return on the particular assets being sold. 
 Covenants applicable to current or future debt could restrict our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and, as a result, we may be unable to make distributions necessary to qualify as a REIT, which could materially and adversely affect us and the value of our common stock. 
 We intend to operate in a manner so as to maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we generally are required to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gain, each year to our stockholders. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we distribute to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under the Code. If, as a result of covenants applicable to our current or future debt, we are restricted from making distributions to our stockholders, we may be unable to make distributions necessary for us to avoid U.S. federal corporate income and excise taxes and maintain our qualification as a REIT, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Our organizational documents have no limitation on the amount of indebtedness we may incur. As a result, we may become highly leveraged in the future, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Our organizational documents contain no limitations on the amount of debt that we may incur, and our board of directors may change our financing policy at any time without stockholder notice or approval. As a result, we may be able to incur substantial additional debt, including secured debt, in the future. Incurring debt could subject us to many risks, including the risks that: 
 our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to make required payments of principal and interest; 
 our debt and resulting maturities may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing cash available for distribution to our stockholders, funds available for operations and capital expenditures, future business opportunities or other purposes; 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

the terms of any refinancing may not be in the same amount or on terms as favorable as the terms of the existing debt being refinanced, or we may not be able to refinance our debt at all; 
 we may be obligated to repay the debt pursuant to guarantee obligations; and 
 the use of leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise capital from other sources or to make distributions to our stockholders and could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of our debt payments and adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 We may in the future borrow money bearing interest at variable rates, which would expose us to increases in costs in a rising interest rate environment. Increases in future interest rates would increase our interest expense for any existing variable rate debt, as well as any debt that must be refinanced at higher interest rates at the time of maturity. Our future earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected due to the increased requirement to service our debt and could reduce the amount we are able to distribute to our stockholders. 
 Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT 
 Failure to remain qualified as a REIT would cause us to be taxed as a regular corporation, which would substantially reduce funds available for distributions to our stockholders. 
 Our qualification as a REIT depends on our ability to meet requirements regarding our organization and ownership, distributions of our income, the nature and diversification of our income and assets as well as other tests imposed by the Code. We cannot assure you that our actual operations for any one taxable year will satisfy these requirements. Further, new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly affect our ability to qualify as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of our qualification as a REIT. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available for distributions to our stockholders because: 
 we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income; 
 we could be subject to increased state and local taxes; and 
 unless we are entitled to relief under certain U.S. federal income tax laws, we could not re-elect REIT status until the fifth calendar year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. 
 In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will no longer be required to make distributions. As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and it could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 Even if we continue to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flows. 
 Even if we continue to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income, tax on income from some activities conducted as a result of a foreclosure, and state or local income, property and transfer taxes. In addition, any taxable REIT subsidiary TRS that we may form will be subject to regular corporate U.S. federal, state and local taxes. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distributions to stockholders. 
 Failure to make required distributions would subject us to U.S. federal corporate income tax. 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we generally are required to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain, each year to our stockholders. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under the Code. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our liquidity and may force us to borrow funds or sell assets during unfavorable market conditions. 
 To satisfy the REIT distribution requirements, we may need to borrow funds on a short-term basis or sell assets sooner than anticipated, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings or sales. Our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to fund required distributions as a result of differences in timing between the actual receipt of income and the recognition of income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt service or amortization payments. In addition, we may recognize significant cancellation of indebtedness income or gain from the workout of our debt or the disposition of our assets in foreclosure or deed-in-lieu transactions, which will result in the receipt of taxable income in excess of the cash received, if any, from those transactions. The insufficiency of our cash flows to cover our distribution requirements could have an adverse impact on our ability to raise short- and long-term debt or sell equity securities in order to fund distributions required to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 The prohibited transactions tax may limit our ability to dispose of our assets, and we could incur a material tax liability if the Internal Revenue Service IRS successfully asserts that the 100 prohibited transaction tax applies to some of or all our dispositions. 
 A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of assets, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We may be subject to the prohibited transactions tax equal to 100 of net gain upon a disposition of an asset. As part of our plan to liquidate our portfolio, we intend to make dispositions of our assets in the future. Although a safe harbor to the characterization of the sale of property by a REIT as a prohibited transaction is available, some or all of our future dispositions may not qualify for that safe harbor. We intend to avoid disposing of property that may be characterized as held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. To avoid the prohibited transaction tax, we may choose not to engage in certain sales of our assets or may conduct such sales through a TRS, which would be subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxation. Moreover, no assurance can be provided that the IRS will not assert that some or all of our future dispositions are subject to the 100 prohibited transactions tax. If the IRS successfully imposes the 100 prohibited transactions tax on some or all of our dispositions, the resulting tax liability could be material. 
 The stock ownership limit imposed by the Code for REITs and our charter may restrict our business combination opportunities and you may be restricted from acquiring or transferring certain amounts of our common stock. 
 The stock ownership restrictions of the Code for REITs and the 9.8 stock ownership limit in our charter may restrict our business combination opportunities and restrict your ability to acquire or transfer certain amounts of our common stock. 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT for each taxable year, five or fewer individuals, as defined in the Code, may not own, beneficially or constructively, more than 50 in value of our issued and outstanding capital stock at any time during the last half of a taxable year. Attribution rules in the Code determine if any individual or entity beneficially or constructively owns our capital stock under this requirement. Additionally, at least 100 persons must beneficially own our capital stock during at least 335 days of a taxable year for each taxable year. To help ensure that we meet these tests, our charter restricts the acquisition and ownership of shares of our capital stock. However, these ownership limits might delay or prevent a transaction or a change in our control or other business combination opportunities. 
 Our charter authorizes our directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Unless exempted by our board of directors (prospectively or retroactively), our charter prohibits any person from beneficially or constructively owning more than 9.8 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock. Our board of directors may not grant an exemption from these restrictions to any proposed transferee whose ownership in excess of 9.8 of the value of our outstanding shares would result in our failing to qualify as a REIT. These restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply, however, if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interest to attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT or that compliance is no longer required in order for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 The maximum tax rate applicable to "qualified dividend income" payable to U.S. stockholders that are taxed at individual rates is 20 . Under the federal tax legislation enacted in December 2017, commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the 2017 Tax Legislation ), U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates generally may deduct up to 20 of the ordinary dividends (e.g., dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a REIT for 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026. Although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by REITs (generally to 29.6 assuming the shareholder is subject to the 37 maximum rate), such tax rate is still higher than the tax rate applicable to corporate dividends that constitute qualified dividend income. Accordingly, investors who are individuals, trusts or estates may perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends treated as qualified dividend income, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including our common stock. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively. 
 The REIT provisions of the Code may limit our ability to hedge the risks inherent to our operations. Under current law, any income that we generate from derivatives or other transactions intended to hedge our interest rate risk with respect to borrowings made, or to be made, to acquire or carry real estate assets generally will not constitute gross income for purposes of the 75 and 95 income tests applicable to REITs. In addition, any income from certain other qualified hedging transactions would generally not constitute gross income for purposes of both the 75 and 95 income tests. As a result of these rules, we may be required to limit the use of hedging techniques that might otherwise be advantageous, which could result in greater risks associated with interest rate or other changes than we would otherwise incur. 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could reduce the value of our common stock. 
 At any time, the U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be amended. We cannot predict when or if any new U.S. federal income tax law, regulation, or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated or become effective and any such law, regulation, or interpretation may take effect retroactively. We and our stockholders could be adversely affected by any such change in, or any new, U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation. In addition, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. 
 The ability of our board of directors to revoke our REIT qualification without stockholder approval may cause adverse consequences to our stockholders. 
 Our charter provides that our board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interest to attempt to, or continue to qualify as a REIT. If we cease to be a REIT, we would become subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income and would no longer be required to distribute most of our taxable income to our stockholders, which may have adverse consequences on our total return to our stockholders. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock and Our Corporate Structure 
 There is no established public market for our shares and you may not be able to sell your shares. 
 Presently, we have no plans to list our shares of common stock on any securities exchange or other market, there is no established trading market for our shares, nor is there any assurance that one may develop. Our charter also prohibits the ownership of more than 9.8 (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock by any person unless exempted prospectively or retroactively by our board. This may inhibit investors from purchasing a large portion of our shares. Our charter also does not require us to seek stockholder approval to liquidate our assets by a specified date, nor does our charter require us to list our shares for trading on a securities exchange or other market by a specified date or provide any other type of liquidity to our stockholders. Therefore, it will be difficult for you to sell your shares promptly or at all, including in the event of an emergency, and if you are able to sell your shares, you may have to sell them at a substantial discount from the estimated value per share. 
 The estimated value per share of our common stock is based on a number of assumptions and estimates that may not be accurate or complete and is also subject to a number of limitations. 
 On December 15, 2022, we announced an estimated value of our common stock equal to 0.28 per share. Our board of directors engaged Real Globe Advisors, LLC Real Globe ), an independent third-party real estate advisory firm, to estimate the per share value of our common stock on a fully diluted basis as of December 15, 2022. As with any methodology used to estimate value, the methodology employed by Real Globe and the recommendations made by us were based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may not be accurate or complete. Further, different parties using different assumptions and estimates could derive a different estimated value per share, which could be significantly different from our estimated value per share. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

The estimated per share value does not represent (i) the amount at which our shares would trade at a national securities exchange, (ii) the amount a stockholder would obtain if he or she tried to sell his or her shares (iii) the amount per share that stockholders would receive in a sale of the entire Company in a single transaction or (iv) the amount stockholders would receive if we liquidated our assets and distributed the proceeds after paying all of our expenses and liabilities. Accordingly, with respect to the estimated value per share, we can give no assurance that: 
 a stockholder would be able to resell his or her shares at this estimated value; 
 a stockholder would ultimately realize distributions per share equal to our estimated value per share upon liquidation of our assets and settlement of our liabilities or a sale of the Company; 
 our shares would trade at a price equal to or greater than the estimated value per share if we listed them on a national securities exchange; 
 the certain estimated corporate-level transaction costs that we would expect to incur in connection with a future potential liquidity event reflected in our estimated value will be incurred at the level estimated by us; or 
 the methodology used to estimate our value per share would be acceptable to FINRA or that the estimated value per share will satisfy the applicable annual valuation requirements under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA and the Code, with respect to employee benefit plans subject to ERISA and other retirement plans or accounts subject to Section 4975 of the Code. 
 Our cash available for distribution to stockholders may not be sufficient to pay distributions at expected or required levels, and we may need external sources in order to make such distributions, or we may not be able to make such distributions at all. 
 We generally intend over time to make annual distributions in an amount at least equal to the amount that will allow us to qualify as a REIT and to avoid current entity-level U.S. federal income taxes, however, we may not have sufficient cash from operations to make a distribution required to maintain our qualification as a REIT. All distributions will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our historical and projected results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, REIT qualification, debt service requirements, capital expenditures and operating expenses, prohibitions and other restrictions under financing arrangements and applicable law and other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. No assurance can be given that our projections will prove accurate or that any level of distributions will be made or sustained or achieve a market yield. 
 We may pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations or funds from operations, including funding such distributions from external financing sources, which may be available only at commercially unattractive terms, if at all. To the extent that the aggregate amount of cash distributed in any given year exceeds the amount of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for the same period, the excess amount will be deemed a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes, rather than a return on capital. Furthermore, in the event that we are unable to fund future distributions from our cash flows from operating activities, the value of your shares, the sale of our assets or any other liquidity event may be materially adversely affected. 
 At any time that we are not generating cash flow from operations sufficient to cover the current distribution rate, we may determine to pay lower distributions, or to fund all or a portion of our future distributions from other sources. If we utilize borrowings for the purpose of funding all or a portion of our distributions, we will incur additional interest expense. We have not established any limit on the extent to which we may use alternate sources of cash for distributions, except that, in accordance with the law of the State of Maryland and our organizational documents, generally, we may not make distributions that would: (i) cause us to be unable to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business, (ii) cause our total assets to be less than the sum of our total liabilities, or (iii) jeopardize our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT for so long as the board of directors determines that it is in our best interests to continue to qualify as a REIT. Distributions that exceed cash flow from operations may not be sustainable at current levels, or at all. 
 Future issuances of debt securities, which would rank senior to our common stock upon our liquidation, and future issuances of equity securities, which would dilute the holdings of our existing common stockholders and may be senior to our common stock for the purposes of making distributions, periodically or upon liquidation, may negatively affect the value of our common stock. 
 In the future, we may issue debt or equity securities or incur other borrowings. Upon our liquidation, holders of our debt securities and other loans and preferred stock will receive a distribution of our available assets before common stockholders. If we incur debt in the future, our future interest costs could increase, and adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. We are not required to offer any additional equity securities to existing common stockholders on a preemptive basis. Therefore, 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

additional common stock issuances, directly or through convertible or exchangeable securities, warrants or options, will dilute the holdings of our existing common stockholders and such issuances, or the perception of such issuances, may reduce the value of our common stock. Our preferred stock, if issued, would likely have a preference on distribution payments, periodically or upon liquidation, which could eliminate or otherwise limit our ability to make distributions to common stockholders. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities or incur other borrowings in the future will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, nature or success of our future capital raising efforts. Thus, common stockholders bear the risk that our future issuances of debt or equity securities or our incurrence of other borrowings will negatively affect the value of our common stock. 
 Your percentage ownership in us may be diluted in the future. 
 Your percentage ownership in us may be diluted in the future because of new equity issuances, capital market transactions or otherwise, including, without limitation, equity awards that may be granted to our directors, officers and employees. 
 Increases in market interest rates may reduce demand for our common stock and result in a decline in the value of our common stock. 
 The value of our common stock may be influenced by the dividend yield on our common stock (i.e., the amount of our annual distributions as a percentage of the fair market value of our common stock) relative to market interest rates. An increase in market interest rates, which are currently low compared to historical levels, may lead prospective purchasers of our common stock to expect a higher distribution yield, which we may not be able, or may choose not, to provide. Higher interest rates would also likely increase our borrowing costs and decrease our operating results and cash available for distribution. Thus, higher market interest rates could cause the value of our common stock to decline. 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited. 
 Under Maryland law generally, a director is required to perform his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. Under Maryland law, directors are presumed to have acted in accordance with this standard of conduct. In addition, our charter eliminates the liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from: 
 actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or 
 active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action adjudicated. 
 Our charter authorizes us to obligate ourselves and our bylaws obligate us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, to indemnify and to pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to any present or former director or officer who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service to us in that capacity and certain other capacities. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors and officers than might otherwise exist absent the current provisions in our charter and bylaws. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control. 
 Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL may have the effect of deterring a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change in our control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common stock with the opportunity to benefit from a sale of our common stock, including: 
 business combination provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock or an affiliate or associate of ours who was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting stock at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question) for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter impose fair price and/or supermajority stockholder voting requirements on these combinations; and 
 control share provisions that provide that control shares of our company (defined as voting shares that, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder, entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding control shares) have no voting rights except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 As permitted by Maryland law, we have elected, by resolution of our board of directors, to opt out of the business combination provisions of the MGCL, with respect to business combinations that have been approved by our board of directors (including a majority of directors who are not affiliated with the interested stockholder), and, pursuant to a provision in our bylaws, to exempt any acquisition of our stock from the control share provisions of the MGCL. However, our board of directors may by resolution elect to repeal the exemption from the business combination provisions of the MGCL and may by amendment to our bylaws opt into the control share provisions of the MGCL at any time in the future. 
 If we have a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors, certain provisions of the MGCL permit our board of directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to adopt certain governance provisions, some of which (for example, a classified board) we do not have. These provisions may have the effect of limiting or precluding a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us or of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in our control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common stock with the opportunity to benefit from a sale of our common stock. Our charter contains a provision whereby we elect, at such time as we become eligible to do so, to be subject to the provisions of Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL relating to the filling of vacancies on our board of directors. 
 If our board of directors were to elect to be subject to the provision of Subtitle 8 providing for a classified board or the business combination provisions of the MGCL or if the provision of our bylaws opting out of the control share acquisition provisions of the MGCL were amended or rescinded, these provisions of the MGCL could have anti-takeover effects. 
 All of our assets are owned by subsidiaries. We depend on dividends and distributions from these subsidiaries. The creditors of these subsidiaries are entitled to amounts payable to them by the subsidiaries before the subsidiaries may pay any dividends or other distributions to us. 
 All of our assets are held through subsidiaries. We depend on cash distributions from our subsidiaries for substantially all of our cash flow. The creditors of each of our subsidiaries are entitled to payment of that subsidiary s obligations to them when due and payable before that subsidiary may make distributions or dividends to us. Thus, our ability to pay dividends, if any, to our stockholders depends on our subsidiaries ability to first satisfy their obligations to their creditors and our ability to satisfy our obligations, if any, to our creditors. 
 In addition, our participation in any distribution of the assets of any of our subsidiaries upon the liquidation, reorganization or insolvency of the subsidiary, is only after the claims of the creditors, including trade creditors and preferred stockholders, if any, of the applicable direct or indirect subsidiaries are satisfied. 
 Our charter places limits on the amount of common stock that any person may own. 
 In order for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Code, no more than 50 of the outstanding shares of our common stock may be beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of each taxable year (other than the first taxable year for which an election to be a REIT has been made). Unless exempted by our board of directors, prospectively or retroactively, our charter prohibits any person or group from owning more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock. These provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock. 
 If anyone transfers shares in a way that would violate the ownership limit, or prevent us from maintaining our qualification as a REIT under the U.S. federal income tax laws, those shares instead will be transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitable beneficiary and will be either purchased by us or sold to a person whose ownership of the shares will not violate the ownership limit. If this transfer to a trust fails to prevent such a violation or our continued qualification as a REIT, then the initial intended transfer shall be null and void from the outset. The intended transferee of those shares will be deemed never to have owned the shares. Anyone who acquires shares in violation of the ownership limit or the other restrictions on transfer in our charter bears the risk of suffering a financial loss when the shares are sold if the value of our shares falls between the date of purchase and the date of redemption or sale. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Our charter permits our board of directors to authorize the issuance of preferred stock on terms that may subordinate the rights of the holders of our current common stock or discourage a third party from acquiring us. 
 Our board may classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common or preferred stock into other classes or series of stock and establish the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications, and terms or conditions of redemption of the stock and may amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares or the number of shares of any class or series that we have authority to issue without stockholder approval. Thus, our board of directors could authorize us to issue shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could subordinate the rights of the holders of our common stock or shares of preferred stock or common stock that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, that might provide a premium price for holders of our common stock. 
 Our conflict of interest policy may not be successful in eliminating the influence of future conflicts of interest that may arise between us and our directors, officers and employees. 
 We have adopted a policy that any transaction, agreement or relationship in which any of our directors, officers or employees has a material direct or indirect pecuniary interest must be approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Other than this policy, however, we may not adopt additional formal procedures for the review and approval of conflict of interest transactions generally. As such, our policies and procedures may not be successful in eliminating the influence of conflicts of interest. 
 Our board of directors may change our investment strategy without stockholder approval, which could alter the nature of your investment. 
 Our investment strategy may change over time. The methods of implementing our investment strategy may also vary, as new investment techniques are developed. Our investment strategy, the methods for implementing them, and our other objectives, policies and procedures may be altered by a majority of the directors without the approval of our stockholders. As a result, the nature of your investment could change without your consent. A change in our investment strategy may, among other things, increase our exposure to interest rate risk, default risk and commercial real property market fluctuations, all of which could materially and adversely affect our ability to achieve our investment objectives. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Investment Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned 19 investment properties and one parcel of unimproved land. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

General 
 The following is a list of the assets in the Highlands portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 Investment Property Name Location Segment Classification Total Gross Leasable Area (GLA) (in square feet) Percentage of Economic Occupancy (1) 
 Annualized Base Rent (2) (in thousands) 
 Annualized Base Rent per Leased Square Foot (3) 
 Significant Tenants (4) 
 1620 Central Street Evanston, IL Multi-Family Multi-Family 51,808 97.6 1,560 30.85 N/A Buerger Brothers Lofts Denver, CO Multi-Family Multi-Family 39,961 74.3 576 19.40 N/A Chamber Lofts Denver, CO Multi-Family Multi-Family 39,259 94.1 821 22.22 N/A Kenilworth Court Denver, CO Multi-Family Multi-Family 16,611 90.7 415 27.53 N/A Tennyson44 Denver, CO Multi-Family Multi-Family 35,280 95.1 1,014 30.24 N/A The Detroit and Detroit Terraces Denver, CO Multi-Family Multi-Family 41,594 100.0 1,315 31.62 N/A The Lafayette Denver, CO Multi-Family Multi-Family 25,575 87.1 569 25.54 N/A The Locale Allendale, MI Multi-Family Multi-Family 240,824 98.8 4,068 17.10 N/A The Muse Denver, CO Multi-Family Multi-Family 103,628 92.7 2,855 29.74 N/A The Sterling San Diego, CA Multi-Family Multi-Family 11,514 100.0 541 46.97 N/A The View San Diego, CA Multi-Family Multi-Family 37,745 100.0 1,254 33.23 N/A Buckhorn Plaza Bloomsburg, PA Other Retail 86,835 93.9 1,265 15.51 Marshalls; Dollar Tree Hudson Correctional Facility Hudson, CO Other Correctional Facility 301,029 N/A Palazzo Land Orlando, FL Other Unimproved Land N/A Shops at Sherman Plaza (5) 
 Evanston, IL Other Retail 151,752 55.1 2,284 27.33 Northwestern Medical; Target Market at Hilliard Hilliard, OH Other Retail 115,283 100.0 1,757 15.24 Aldi; Michaels; Office Max; Old Navy Trimble San Jose, CA Other Multi-Tenant Office 176,905 54.7 Veeco Instruments, Inc. Versacold USA - St. Paul St. Paul, MN Other Industrial 219,664 100.0 1,244 5.66 Versacold USA, Inc. Versacold USA - New Ulm New Ulm, MN Other Industrial 269,985 100.0 917 3.40 Versacold USA, Inc. Total 1,965,252 75.3 22,455 15.18 
 (1) Economic occupancy is defined as the percentage of total gross leasable area for which a tenant is obligated to pay rent under the terms of its lease agreement, regardless of the actual use or occupation by that tenant of the area being leased. 
 (2) Annualized base rent per leased square foot is computed as revenue for the last month of the period multiplied by twelve months. Annualized rent includes the effect of rent abatements, lease inducements, and straight-line rent GAAP adjustments. 
 (3) Annualized base rent per leased square foot is computed as annualized base rent divided by the total occupied square footage at the end of the period. 
 (4) Several of our assets have one or more tenants occupying more than 10 of the asset's gross leasable area. 
 (5) A portion of the land underlying this asset is subject to a ground lease. The term of the lease expires in October 2042. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Significant Assets 
 The following table sets forth our total gross leasable area GLA in square feet, percentage of economic occupancy and average annual base rent per leased square foot for our portfolio as of December 31 for the last three years: As of Total GLA (Sq. Ft.) Percentage of Economic Occupancy Average Annual Base Rent per Leased Square Foot December 31, 2022 1,965,252 75.3 15.18 December 31, 2021 2,158,909 72.5 15.98 December 31, 2020 2,160,524 72.8 14.54 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, The Muse, The Locale, Sherman Plaza and Trimble each accounted for 10 or more of our total revenues and The Muse and Sherman Plaza each accounted for 10 or more of our total assets. For the year ended December 31, 2021, The Muse, The Locale and Sherman Plaza each accounted for 10 or more of our total revenues and The Muse and Sherman Plaza each accounted for 10 or more of our total assets. 
 The following table sets forth the GLA in square feet, percentage of economic occupancy and average annual base rent per leased square foot for The Muse, The Locale, Sherman Plaza and Trimble as of December 31 for the last three years: As of Total GLA (Sq. Ft.) Percentage of Economic Occupancy Average Annual Base Rent per Leased Square Foot The Muse December 31, 2022 103,628 92.7 29.74 December 31, 2021 103,628 94.7 28.52 December 31, 2020 103,628 91.2 28.12 The Locale December 31, 2022 240,824 98.8 17.10 December 31, 2021 240,824 97.5 16.83 December 31, 2020 239,379 93.2 16.97 Sherman Plaza December 31, 2022 151,752 55.1 27.33 December 31, 2021 151,752 89.1 31.86 December 31, 2020 151,752 69.7 22.36 Trimble December 31, 2022 176,905 54.7 December 31, 2021 176,905 December 31, 2020 176,905 
 For Sherman Plaza, significant tenants, based on occupying 10 or more of our gross leasable area, were Northwestern Medical and Target, at December 31, 2022. The significant decrease in economic occupancy and average base rent per square foot during the year ended December 31, 2022 is the result of the lease with Fitness International expiring in April 2022 and the tenant vacating the premise. The significant increase in economic occupancy and average annual base rent per square foot during the year ended December 31, 2021 is attributable to the Northwestern Medical lease, which was signed in April 2020, with the tenant taking possession and opening for business in 2021. 
 For Trimble, the Company executed a lease with Veeco Instruments, Inc. in February 2021, to be effective as of January 1, 2022. Pursuant to the lease, the tenant was entitled to 12 months of base rent abatement, therefore, the base rent per square foot for 2022 was zero. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Lease Expirations 
 The following table sets forth lease expirations for all of our assets, excluding multi-family leases, as of December 31, 2022, assuming none of the tenants exercise renewal options: Lease Expiration Year Number of Expiring Leases GLA of Expiring Leases (Sq. Ft.) Annualized Rent of Expiring Leases (in thousands) Percent of Total Leased Area Percent of Total Annualized Rent Expiring Rent/Square Foot 2023 4 29,298 294 3.3 2.9 10.03 2024 5 32,956 643 3.8 6.4 19.51 2025 16 82,661 1,234 9.5 12.4 14.93 2026 3 10,441 329 1.2 3.3 31.52 2027 5 502,032 2,473 57.4 24.8 4.93 2028 7 50,095 946 5.7 9.5 18.89 2029 2 26,542 308 3.0 3.1 11.60 2030 1 2,790 75 0.3 0.8 27.00 2031 2032 2 8,800 176 1.0 1.8 19.98 Month to Month 1 2,875 42 0.3 0.4 14.61 Thereafter 2 126,113 3,456 14.5 34.6 27.41 48 874,603 9,976 100.0 100.0 11.41 
 
 Mortgage Financing 
 The table below sets forth all mortgages or other liens or encumbrances against any of our assets as of December 31, 2022. As of such date, none of this mortgage debt was recourse to the Company, although we have provided certain customary, non-recourse carve-out guarantees in connection with obtaining mortgage loans on certain of our investment properties. Investment Property Current Principal amount (in thousands) Interest and Amortization Provisions Interest Rate Prepayment Provisions Maturity Date The Locale 17,492 Variable Interest, Swapped to Fixed 3.28 If prior to 9/1/2023 must be in full, with penalty 9/1/2023 Buckhorn Plaza 9,566 Fixed Interest-Only for first 12 months 4.35 If prior to 8/6/2026 must be in full, with penalty 11/6/2026 Market at Hilliard 14,687 Fixed Interest-Only for first 12 months 4.70 If prior to 9/6/2026 must be in full, with penalty 12/6/2026 The Detroit and Detroit Terraces 11,401 Interest-Only until 10/1/2022 3.99 If prior to 9/1/2027 must be in full, with penalty 9/1/2027 Kenilworth Court 3,784 Interest-Only 4.74 If prior to 4/1/2032, must be in full, with penalty 7/1/2032 The Lafayette 5,481 Interest-Only 4.74 If prior to 4/1/2032, must be in full, with penalty 7/1/2032 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are subject, from time to time, to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. While the resolution of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes, based on currently available information, that the final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the financial statements of the Company. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

28 

Table of Contents 

Part II. 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our shares of common stock are not listed on a national securities exchange and there is not otherwise an established public trading market for our shares. We publish an estimated per share value of our common stock to assist broker dealers to comply with the rules published by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ). On December 15, 2022, we announced an estimated value of our common stock as of December 15, 2022 equal to 0.28 per share on a fully diluted basis. 
 Our board of directors (the Board engaged Real Globe Advisors, LLC Real Globe ), an independent third-party real estate advisory firm, to estimate the per share value of our common stock on a fully diluted basis as of December 15, 2022. Real Globe has extensive experience estimating the fair values of commercial real estate. The report furnished to the Board and the audit committee of the Board (the Audit Committee by Real Globe complies with the reporting requirements set forth under Standard Rule 2-2(a) of the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice and is certified by a member of the Appraisal Institute with the MAI designation. The Real Globe report, dated as of December 15, 2022, reflects values as of December 15, 2022. Real Globe does not have any material direct or indirect interests in any transaction with us or in any currently proposed transaction to which we are a party, and there are no conflicts of interest between Real Globe, on one hand, and the Company or any of our directors, on the other. 
 To estimate our per share value, Real Globe utilized the net asset value or NAV method which is based on the fair value of real estate, and all other assets, less the fair value of total liabilities, and also included certain estimated corporate-level transaction costs that the Company would expect to incur in connection with a future potential liquidity event, further described below. The fair value estimate of our real estate assets is equal to the sum of its individual real estate values. 
 
 Generally, Real Globe estimated the value of the Company s wholly owned real estate and real estate-related assets, using a discounted cash flow, or DCF , of projected net operating income, less capital expenditures, for the ten-year period ending December 31, 2032, and applying a market-supported discount rate and capitalization rate. In the unique instances that a discounted cash flow methodology was not deemed to be the most appropriate valuation methodology, including, but not limited to, the valuation of the land and the Company s correctional facility asset, a sales comparison approach was primarily utilized. For all other assets, comprised of working capital (which includes cash and other current assets net of current liabilities), fair value was determined separately. Real Globe also estimated the fair value of the Company s long-term debt obligations by comparing market interest rates to the contract rates on the Company s long-term debt and discounting to present value the difference in future payments. 
 
 The estimate of certain corporate-level transaction costs was provided to Real Globe by the Company. Given that the Company s strategy involves a future potential liquidity option for current stockholders, management and the Board determined that the deduction of certain estimated corporate-level transaction costs in connection therewith was appropriate in determining its new estimated per share value. However, there are no assurances that such costs will be incurred at the level estimated by the Company or at all. Given the nature and quality of the non-core assets in our portfolio as well as current market conditions, including the impact of rising interest rates, high inflation, unstable financial markets, tightening capital markets and general economic conditions on our business, efforts to implement a liquidity option have been disrupted and we cannot predict when circumstances will improve. We may be unable to execute on such a transaction on terms we would find attractive for our stockholders and our ability to do so will be influenced by external and macroeconomic factors, including, among others, interest rate movements, inflation, local, regional, national and global economic performance, government policy changes, competitive factors and the effects of any future resurgences of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, the actual fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the execution of its strategy could differ materially from the amount provided to Real Globe. 
 Real Globe determined NAV in a manner consistent with the definition of fair value under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP set forth in FASB s Topic ASC 820. Other than the deduction of certain estimated corporate-level transaction costs that the Company would expect to incur in connection with a future potential liquidity event, the net asset valuation performed by Real Globe complies with the Investment Program Association Practice Guideline 2013-01 Valuation of Publicly Registered Non-Listed REITS , dated April 29, 2013. 
 Generally, net asset value per share was estimated by subtracting the fair value of our total liabilities from the fair value of our total assets and dividing the result by the number of common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis as of December 15, 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

2022. Real Globe then applied a discount rate and terminal capitalization rate sensitivity analysis by adding and subtracting 50 basis points to the terminal capitalization rate and discount rate for assets where the concluded value was solely derived based on the discounted cash flow methodology, resulting in a value range equal to 0.28 - 0.34 per share on a fully diluted b asis after deducting the 0.04 of certain estimated corporate level transaction costs that were provided to Real Globe by the Company. The mid-point in the final range was 0.31 per share. For reporting purposes, all per share numbers are rounded to the nearest cent. 
 On December 15, 2022, the Audit Committee met to review and discuss Real Globe s report. Following this review, and considering management s support of Real Globe s analysis, the Audit Committee unanimously adopted a resolution accepting the Real Globe analysis. The Audit Committee also unanimously adopted a resolution recommending an estimate of per share value as of December 15, 2022 equal to 0.28 per share on a fully diluted basis. At a full meeting of our Board held on December 15, 2022, the Board unanimously adopted this recommendation of estimated per share value, which falls within the range of per share net asset values for the Company's common stock that Real Globe provided in its report. 
 The following table shows a sensitivity range for estimated share price and terminal capitalization and discount rates: Range of Value and Rates Not Including Certain Estimated Corporate-Level Transaction Costs Low Midpoint High Share Price 0.32 0.35 0.38 Terminal Capitalization Rate 6.93 6.43 5.93 Discount Rate 7.67 7.17 6.67 
 In order to estimate the final range of value, Real Globe deducted the 0.04 of certain estimated corporate-level transaction costs that were provided by the Company from the range of value above. The following chart presents the resulting final range of values, net of certain estimated corporate-level transaction costs that the Company would expect to incur in connection with a future potential liquidity event. Final Range of Value Share Price Low 0.28 Midpoint 0.31 High 0.34 
 As with any methodology used to estimate value, the methodology employed by Real Globe and the recommendations made by the Company were based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may not be accurate or complete. Further, different parties using different assumptions and estimates could derive a different estimated value per share, which could be significantly different from our estimated value per share. The estimated per share value does not represent (i) the amount at which our shares would trade at a national securities exchange, (ii) the amount a stockholder would obtain if he or she tried to sell his or her shares (iii) the amount per share that stockholders would receive in a sale of the entire Company in a single transaction or (iv) the amount stockholders would receive if we liquidated our assets and distributed the proceeds after paying all of our expenses and liabilities. Accordingly, with respect to the estimated value per share, we can give no assurance that: 
 a stockholder would be able to resell his or her shares at this estimated value; 
 a stockholder would ultimately realize distributions per share equal to our estimated value per share upon liquidation of our assets and settlement of our liabilities or a sale of the Company; 
 our shares would trade at a price equal to or greater than the estimated value per share if we listed them on a national securities exchange; 
 the certain estimated corporate-level transaction costs that the Company would expect to incur in connection with a future potential liquidity event reflected in our estimated value will be incurred at the level estimated by the Company; or 
 the methodology used to estimate our value per share would be acceptable to FINRA or that the estimated value per share will satisfy the applicable annual valuation requirements under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), with respect to employee benefit plans subject to ERISA and other retirement plans or accounts subject to Section 4975 of the Code. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

The estimated value per share was approved by our Board on December 15, 2022 and reflects the fact that the estimate was calculated at a moment in time. The value of our shares will likely change over time and will be influenced by changes to the value of our individual assets as well as changes and developments in the real estate and capital markets. We currently anticipate publishing a new estimated share value within approximately one year. Nevertheless, stockholders should not rely on the estimated value per share in making a decision to buy or sell shares of our common stock. 
 Stockholders 
 As of March 14, 2023, we had 166,248 stockholders of record. 
 Distributions 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Highlands did not make any cash distributions. 
 We generally intend over time to make annual distributions in an amount at least equal to the amount that will allow us to qualify as a REIT and to avoid current entity-level U.S. federal income taxes. To qualify as a REIT, we must distribute to our stockholders an amount at least equal to: 
 i. 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined before the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain (which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP); plus 
 ii. 90 of the excess of our net income from foreclosure property over the tax imposed on such income by the Code; less 
 iii. any excess non-cash income (as determined under the Code). 
 Distributions made by us will be authorized and determined by our board of directors, in its sole discretion, out of legally available funds, and will be dependent upon a number of factors, including our actual and projected results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity, our qualification as a REIT and other tax considerations, capital expenditures and other obligations, debt covenants, contractual prohibitions or other limitations under applicable law and other such matters as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. We cannot assure you that our distribution policy will remain the same in the future, or that any estimated distributions will be made or sustained. 
 Our ability to make distributions to our stockholders will depend upon the performance of our portfolio and our ability to successfully execute on our disposition strategy. Distributions will be made in cash to the extent cash is available for distribution. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to pay distributions to our stockholders. To the extent that our cash available for distribution is less than the amount required to be distributed under the REIT provisions of the Code, we may consider funding sources other than cash flow from operations or funds from operations, which may reduce the amount of capital available for operations, may have negative tax implications, and may have a negative effect on the value of your shares under certain conditions. In addition, our board of directors could change our distribution policy in the future. See Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 References to Highlands, the Company, we or us are to Highlands REIT, Inc., as well as all of Highlands' wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiaries. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with Part I-Item 1A. Risk Factors, Part I-Item 1. Business, Part I-Item 2. Investment Properties and the historical consolidated financial statements, and accompanying notes, which appear elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, including but not limited to, factors discussed in Part I-Item 1A. Risk Factors and Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a self-advised and self-administered real estate investment trust REIT created to own and manage substantially all of the non-core assets previously owned and managed by our former parent, InvenTrust Properties Corp., a Maryland corporation InvenTrust ). On April 28, 2016, we were spun-off from InvenTrust through a pro rata distribution (the Distribution by InvenTrust of 100 of the outstanding shares of our common stock to holders of InvenTrust s common stock. Prior to or concurrent with the separation, we and InvenTrust engaged in certain reorganization transactions that were designed to consolidate substantially all of InvenTrust s remaining non-core assets in Highlands. 
 
 Our inherited portfolio of non-core assets, which were acquired by InvenTrust between 2005 and 2008, included assets that are special use, single tenant or build to suit; face unresolved legal issues; are in undesirable locations or in weak markets or submarkets; are aging or functionally obsolete; and/or have sub-optimal leasing metrics. Certain of our assets are retail properties located in tertiary markets, which are particularly susceptible to the negative trends affecting retail real estate, including the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result of these characteristics, such assets are difficult to lease, finance and refinance and are relatively illiquid compared to other types of real estate assets. These factors also significantly limit our asset disposition options, impact the timing of such dispositions and restrict the viable options available to the Company for a future potential liquidity option. 
 
 Our strategy is focused on preserving, protecting and maximizing the total value of our portfolio with the long-term objective of providing stockholders with a return of their investment. We engage in rigorous asset management, seek to sustain and enhance our portfolio, and improve the quality and income-producing ability of our portfolio by engaging in selective dispositions, acquisitions, capital expenditures, financing, refinancing and enhanced leasing. We are also focused on cost containment efforts across our portfolio, improving our overall capital structure and making select investments in our existing non-core assets to maximize their value. To the extent we are able to generate cash flows from operations or dispositions of assets, in addition to the cash uses outlined above, our board of directors has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company to seek to reinvest in assets that are more likely to generate more reliable and stable cash flows, such as multi-family assets, as part of the Company s overall strategy to optimize the value of the portfolio, enhance our options for a future potential liquidity option and maximize shareholder value. Given the nature and quality of the non-core assets in our portfolio as well as current market conditions, a definitive timeline for execution of our strategy cannot be made. The impact of rising interest rates, high inflation, unstable financial markets, tightening capital markets and general economic conditions on our business has disrupted our efforts to implement a liquidity option and, although we cannot predict when circumstances will improve, we will continue to evaluate options during 2023 with the goal of implementing a liquidity option during 2023. However, we may be unable to execute on such a transaction on terms we would find attractive for our stockholders and our ability to do so will be influenced by external and macroeconomic factors, including, among others, interest rate movements, inflation, local, regional, national and global economic performance, government policy changes, competitive factors and the effects of any future resurgences of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio of assets consisted of twelve multi-family assets, three retail assets, one office asset, two industrial assets, one correctional facility and one parcel of unimproved land. We currently have two business segments, consisting of multi-family assets and other assets. We may have additional or fewer segments in the future to the extent we enter into additional real property sectors, dispose of property sectors, or change the character of our assets. For the complete presentation of our reportable segments, see Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Basis of Presentation 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect the accounts of Highlands and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the Company ). Highlands consolidates its wholly-owned subsidiaries and any other entities which it controls (i) through voting rights or similar rights or (ii) by means other than voting rights if Highlands is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity VIE ). The portions of the equity and net income of consolidated subsidiaries that are not attributable to the Company are presented separately as amounts attributable to non-controlling interests in our consolidated financial statements. Entities which Highlands does not control and entities which are VIEs in which Highlands is not a primary beneficiary, if any, are accounted for under appropriate GAAP. Highlands' subsidiaries generally consist of limited liability companies. The effects of all significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated. 
 
 Our Revenues and Expenses 
 Revenues 
 Our revenues are primarily derived from lease income and expense recoveries we receive from our tenants under leases with us, including monthly rent and other property income pursuant to tenant leases. Tenant recovery income primarily consists of reimbursements for real estate taxes, common area maintenance costs, management fees and insurance costs. 
 Expenses 
 Our expenses consist of property operating expenses, real estate taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, general and administrative expenses and provision for asset impairment. Property operating expenses primarily consist of repair and maintenance, management fees, utilities and insurance (in each case, some of which are recoverable from the tenant). 
 
 Key Indicators of Operating Performance 
 In evaluating our financial condition and operating performance, management focuses on the following financial and non-financial indicators, discussed in further detail herein: 
 Cash flow from operations as determined in accordance with GAAP; 
 Economic and physical occupancy and rental rates; 
 Leasing activity and lease rollover; 
 Management of operating expenses; 
 Management of general and administrative expenses; 
 Debt maturities and leverage ratios; 
 Liquidity levels; 
 Funds From Operations FFO ), a supplemental non-GAAP measure; and 
 Adjusted Funds From Operations AFFO ), a supplemental non-GAAP measure. 
 
 Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic was not material during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Further discussion of the potential risks facing our business from pandemics and epidemics is provided under Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Acquisition and Disposition Activity 
 There were no asset acquisitions during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, consistent with our strategy of disposing of legacy non-core assets we sold the following asset: (in thousands) Investment Property Location Disposition Date Gross Disposition Price Sale Proceeds, Net Loss on Sale State Street Market Rockford, IL March 10, 2022 9,000 8,938 (6) 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, there were no asset dispositions. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Key performance indicators are as follows: As of December 31, 2022 2021 Economic occupancy (1) 75.3 72.5 Rent per square foot (2) 15.18 15.98 
 (1) Economic occupancy is defined as the percentage of total gross leasable area for which a tenant is obligated to pay rent under the terms of its lease agreement, regardless of the actual use or occupation by the tenant of the area being leased. Actual use may be less than economic square footage. 
 (2) Rent per square foot is computed as annualized base rent divided by the total occupied square footage at the end of the period. Annualized rent is computed as revenue for the last month of the period multiplied by twelve months. Annualized rent includes the effect of rent abatements, lease inducements and straight-line rent GAAP adjustments. 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The following section describes and compares our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. (in thousands) For the Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Net loss (7,650) (13,058) 5,408 41.4 
 Net loss during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 7.7 million compared to 13.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Factors contributing to the change in net loss include increased revenues, lower total compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expense, interest expense and provision for asset impairment. 
 Details of these changes are provided below. 
 The following table presents the changes in our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. (in thousands) For the Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Revenues: Lease income 30,436 27,692 2,744 9.9 Other property income 920 937 (17) (1.8) Total revenues 31,356 28,629 2,727 9.5 
 Total revenues increased 2.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 due to commencement of straight-line rental income on the Veeco Instruments, Inc. lease at Trimble and on rental income from the Northwestern Medical lease at Sherman Plaza. Additionally, rental income increased due to increased occupancy and rental rates at our multi-family assets. Partially offsetting the increase in rental income is the sale of State Street Market in March 2022 and the expiration of the Fitness International lease at Sherman Plaza in April 2022. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents the changes in our expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. (in thousands) For the Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Expenses: Property operating expenses 8,794 8,195 599 7.3 Real estate taxes 5,597 5,557 40 0.7 Depreciation and amortization 10,413 10,586 (173) (1.6) General and administrative expenses 11,656 12,716 (1,060) (8.3) Provision for asset impairment 1,412 (1,412) (100.0) Total expenses 36,460 38,466 (2,006) (5.2) 
 Property operating expenses increased 0.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily as a result of increased repair and maintenance costs, utilities, insurance premiums on our investment properties and bad debt expense on our multi-family portfolio. 
 Real estate taxes remained relatively flat for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily as a result of the sale of State Street Market in March 2022 and partially offset by additional depreciation and amortization on new capital assets. 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to reduced total compensation expense. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company adjusted the timing for employee stock grants and therefore there were two grants during the year, compared to a single employee stock grant during the year ended December 31, 2022. Partially offsetting this decrease in total compensation is an increase in salary and bonus expense due to annual increases. 
 Provision for asset impairment was 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to adjusting the fair market value of one retail asset as a result of entering into a contract to sell the asset at a price below its current book value. During the year ended December 31, 2022, no asset impairments were required. 
 The following table presents the changes in our other income and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. (in thousands) For the Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Other income and (expenses): Interest income 140 30 110 366.7 Interest expense (2,680) (3,251) (571) (17.6) Loss on sale of investment properties (6) (6) 
 Interest income increased 0.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 due to higher cash balances maintained. 
 Interest expense decreased 0.6 million to 2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 due to the sale of State Street Market in March 2022 and the termination of the Credit Agreement during March 2021. This decrease was partially offset by interest expense on the new multi-family asset mortgages entered into in June 2022. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the loss on sale of investment properties of 0.01 million, was attributed to the sale of State Street Market. There were no investment property dispositions during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Leasing Activity 
 Our primary source of funding for our property-level operating activities and debt payments is rent collected pursuant to our tenant leases. The following table represents lease expirations, excluding multi-family leases, as of December 31, 2022, assuming none of the tenants exercise renewal options: Lease Expiration Year Number of Expiring Leases Gross Leasable Area (GLA) of Expiring Leases (Sq. Ft.) Annualized Rent of Expiring Leases (in thousands) Percent of Total GLA Percent of Total Annualized Rent Expiring Rent/Square Foot 2023 4 29,298 294 3.3 2.9 10.03 2024 5 32,956 643 3.8 6.4 19.51 2025 16 82,661 1,234 9.5 12.4 14.93 2026 3 10,441 329 1.2 3.3 31.52 2027 5 502,032 2,473 57.4 24.8 4.93 2028 7 50,095 946 5.7 9.5 18.89 2029 2 26,542 308 3.0 3.1 11.60 2030 1 2,790 75 0.3 0.8 27.00 2031 2032 2 8,800 176 1.0 1.8 19.98 Month to Month 1 2,875 42 0.3 0.4 14.61 Thereafter 2 126,113 3,456 14.5 34.6 27.41 48 874,603 9,976 100.0 100.0 11.41 
 The following table represents new and renewed leases that commenced (not including multi-family leases) in the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2021 # of Leases Gross Leasable Area Rent per square foot Weighted Average Lease Term # of Leases Gross Leasable Area Rent per square foot Weighted Average Lease Term New 3 105,580 25.09 15.52 2 30,113 33.71 14.77 Renewals 4 12,704 29.12 3.28 3 22,699 10.16 2.51 Total 7 118,284 25.52 14.21 5 52,812 23.59 9.50 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 General 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant estimates, judgments, and assumptions are required in a number of areas, including, but not limited to, evaluating the collectability of accounts receivable, allocating the purchase price of acquired investment properties, and evaluating the impairment real estate assets. We base these estimates, judgments and assumptions on historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 Acquisition of Real Estate 
 We evaluate the inputs, processes and outputs of each asset acquired to determine if the transaction is a business combination or asset acquisition. If an acquisition qualifies as a business combination, the related transaction costs are recorded as an expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. If an acquisition qualifies as an asset acquisition, the related transaction costs are generally capitalized and amortized over the useful life of the acquired assets. Generally, acquisition of real estate qualifies as an asset acquisition. 
 We allocate the purchase price of real estate to land, building, other building improvements, tenant improvements, and intangible assets and liabilities (such as the value of above- and below-market leases and in-place leases. The values of above- 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

and below-market leases are recorded as intangible assets, net, and intangible liabilities, net, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets, and are amortized as either a decrease (in the case of above-market leases) or an increase (in the case of below-market leases) to lease income over the remaining term of the associated tenant lease. The values associated with in-place leases are recorded in intangible assets, net in the consolidated balance sheets and are amortized to depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss over the remaining lease term. 
 The difference between the contractual rental rates and our estimate of market rental rates is measured over a period equal to the remaining non-cancelable term of the leases, including below-market renewal options for which exercise of the renewal option appears to be reasonably assured. The remaining term of leases with renewal options at terms below market reflect the assumed exercise of such below-market renewal options and assume the amortization period would coincide with the extended lease term. 
 Impairment of Real Estate 
 The Company assesses the carrying values of the respective long-lived assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable, such as a reduction in the expected holding period of the asset. If it is determined that the carrying value is not recoverable because the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed carrying value, the Company records an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value exceeds fair value. The valuation and possible subsequent impairment of investment properties is a significant estimate that can and does change based on the Company s continuous process of analyzing each asset and reviewing assumptions about uncertain inherent factors, as well as the economic condition of the asset at a particular point in time. 
 The use of projected future cash flows and related holding period is based on assumptions that are consistent with the estimates of future expectations and the strategic plan the Company uses to manage its underlying business. However, assumptions and estimates about future cash flows and capitalization rates are complex and subjective. Changes in economic and operating conditions and the Company s ultimate investment intent that occur subsequent to the impairment analyses could impact these assumptions and result in future impairment charges of the real estate assets. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 26.0 million of cash and cash equivalents, and 1.9 million of restricted cash and escrows. 
 Our primary sources and uses of capital are as follows: 
 Sources 
 cash flows from our investment properties; 
 proceeds from sales of investment properties; and 
 proceeds from debt. 
 Uses : 
 to pay the operating expenses of our investment properties; 
 to pay our general and administrative expenses; 
 to pay for acquisitions; 
 to pay for capital commitments; 
 to pay for short-term obligations; 
 to service or pay-down our debt; and 
 to fund capital expenditures and leasing related costs. 
 Certain of our investment properties have lease maturities within the next two years that we expect to reduce our cash flows from operations if they are not renewed or replaced. Significant lease maturities include Office Max at Market at Hilliard expiring in March 2023 and Old Navy at Market at Hilliard expiring in August 2024. 
 We may, from time to time, repurchase our outstanding equity and/or debt securities, if any, through cash purchases or via other transactions. Such repurchases or transactions, if any, will depend on our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Material Cash Requirements 
 In April 2020, the Company executed a lease with Northwestern Medical Group for approximately 29,000 square feet at our Sherman Plaza asset. The lease required a significant amount of landlord work, a tenant allowance and a leasing commission. The total commitment was estimated to be approximately 3.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, we estimate that remaining costs to be paid under this commitment are approximately 1.3 million. Rent commenced on this lease in the third quarter of 2021 and payment of the outstanding tenant allowance will be made upon tenant's request and verification that all requirements for payment have been met. 
 In February 2021, the Company executed a lease with Veeco Instruments, Inc. for approximately 97,000 square feet at our Trimble office asset. The lease required a significant tenant allowance and leasing commission. The total cost commitment was estimated to be approximately 9.1 million. As of December 31, 2022, we estimate that remaining costs to be paid under this commitment are approximately 1.0 million. While the lease went into effect on January 1, 2022, pursuant to its terms, the tenant was entitled to 12 months of base rent abatement prior to any amounts being payable. A portion of the leasing commission related to this lease remains payable by the Company upon the date the tenant's rent abatement ends, which is January 1, 2023. The remainder of the tenant allowance will be paid by the Company upon the tenant receiving its final certificate of occupancy. 
 In November 2022, the Company executed a lease with XP Power, LLC for approximately 80,000 square feet at our Trimble office asset. Rental payments under this lease are expected to commence in January 2024. The lease requires significant landlord work, a tenant allowance and leasing commission. The total cost commitment is estimated to be approximately 12.3 million. As of December 31, 2022, we estimate remaining costs under this commitment are approximately 11.3 million. 
 The Company expects to use cash on hand, cash flows from operations and proceeds from financings to fund the above commitments. 
 
 Borrowings 
 Total debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 62.4 million and 62.8 million, respectively, with a weighted average interest rate of 4.12 and 4.18 per annum, respectively. 
 The table below presents, on a consolidated basis, the principal amount, weighted average interest rates and maturity date (by year) on our mortgage debt, as of December 31, 2022 (dollar amounts are stated in thousands). Fixed and variable rate debt maturing during the year ended December 31, As of December 31, 2022 Weighted average interest rate 2023 17,492 3.28 (1) 
 2024 2025 2026 24,253 4.56 2027 11,401 3.99 Thereafter 9,265 4.74 Total 62,411 4.12 
 (1) See Note 8 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for discussion of the swap agreement entered into with the mortgage loan obtained in connection with the acquisition of The Locale. The weighted average interest rate reflected is the strike rate. 
 The Company obtained two loans on June 30, 2022 which were secured by mortgages on Kenilworth Court and The Lafayette. The loan secured by a mortgage on Kenilworth Court has a principal amount of 3.8 million and the loan secured by a mortgage on The Lafayette has a principal amount of 5.5 million. Both loans mature on July 1, 2032, bear interest at a fixed rate of 4.74 and require interest-only payments for the duration of their entire 10-year term. 
 The Company's mortgage on The Locale matures September 1, 2023. The principal balance of this mortgage was 17.5 million at December 31, 2022. Prior to maturity, the Company expects it will exercise the one-year extension option provided for in the loan documents, which requires, among other criteria, that, at the time of extension, the mortgage is not in default and a minimum debt service coverage ratio and minimum loan to value ratio are met. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, none of our mortgage debt was recourse to the Company, although we have provided certain customary, non-recourse carve-out guarantees in connection with obtaining mortgage loans on certain of our investment properties. 
 Our ability to pay off our mortgages when they become due is, in part, dependent upon our ability either to refinance the related mortgage debt or to sell the related asset. With respect to each loan, if we are unable to refinance or sell the related asset, or in the event that the estimated asset value is less than the mortgage balance, we may, if appropriate, satisfy a mortgage obligation by transferring title of the asset to the lender or permitting a lender to foreclose. 
 Volatility in the capital markets could expose us to the risk of not being able to borrow on terms and conditions acceptable to us for refinancing. 
 Termination of Credit Agreement 
 On January 21, 2021, the Company repaid 5.0 million of the outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Credit Loan and on March 29, 2021, repaid in full all of the remaining outstanding indebtedness related to the Revolving Credit Loan consisting of approximately 15.0 million of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The Credit Agreement and related security interests, and all commitments thereunder, were terminated in conjunction with such payment in full. 
 LIBOR Reform 
 Following announcements by the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, which administers LIBOR s publication, publication of most LIBOR settings ceased after December 31, 2021. Publication of the remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings is expected to cease after June 30, 2023. As a result, the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York organized the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ("ARRC"), which identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as its preferred alternative rate for USD LIBOR in derivatives and other financial contracts. SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York started to publish SOFR in April 2018. 
 The discontinuation, reform or replacement of LIBOR or any other benchmark rates may have an unpredictable impact on contractual mechanics in the credit markets or cause disruption to the broader financial markets and could have an adverse effect on LIBOR-based interest rates on our current or future debt obligations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had one variable-rate mortgage with an interest rate swap to fix the rate at 3.28 . The derivative instrument had an original notional amount of 18.8 million and is indexed to one-month USD-LIBOR. In December 2022, the Company completed an amendment to the mortgage loan agreement to replace LIBOR and establish SOFR that has been selected by the lender as the alternate rate for this mortgage and interest rate swap. The amendment did not have a material impact to the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 Capital Expenditures and Reserve Funds 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made total capital expenditures of 2.6 million and during the year ended December 31, 2021, capital expenditures totaled 7.7 million. 
 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: (in thousands) For the Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash flows provided by operating activities 2,493 217 Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities 4,665 (9,040) Net cash flows used in financing activities (1,250) (22,804) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and escrows 5,908 (31,627) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and escrows, at beginning of year 22,010 53,637 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and escrows, at end of year 27,918 22,010 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Cash provided by operating activities was 2.5 million and 0.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in cash from operations was primarily due to increased revenues from tenants and decreased total compensation costs as a result of a change in timing of annual employee stock grants that caused there to be two grants in 2021 and only a single grant in 2022. 
 Cash provided by investing activities was 4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to cash used in financing activities of 9.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash provided by investing activities increased 13.7 million compared to the same period in 2021 as a result of proceeds in the amount of 8.9 million from the sale of State Street Market and a decrease in cash used for capital expenditures. Partially offsetting this increase in cash provided by investing activities was an increase in cash used to pay leasing commissions during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Cash used in financing activities was 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 22.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 included repayment of the State Street mortgage in conjunction with the sale, in the amount of 8.7 million, principal payments on mortgage debt in the amount of 1.0 million, the payment of debt issue costs of 0.2 million related to the two new mortgage loans closed during the second quarter of 2022 and payment of tax withholding for share-based compensation in the amount of 0.6 million. Partially offsetting this cash used in financing activities was the receipt of 9.3 million of mortgage debt proceeds. Cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily related to payoff of the credit facility 20.0 million, principal payments on mortgage debt in the amount of 1.1 million and payment of tax withholding for share-based compensation in the amount of 1.7 million. 
 We consider all demand deposits, money market accounts and investments in certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements with a maturity of three months or less, at the date of purchase, to be cash equivalents. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions. The combined account balances at one or more institutions exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance coverage and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. 
 
 Funds From Operations and Adjusted Funds From Operations 
 The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ), an industry trade group, has promulgated a non-GAAP financial measure known as Funds From Operations, or FFO. As defined by NAREIT, FFO is net income (loss) in accordance with GAAP excluding gains (or losses) resulting from dispositions of investment properties, plus depreciation and amortization and impairment charges on depreciable property. We have adopted the NAREIT definition in our calculation of FFO as management considers FFO a widely accepted and appropriate measure of performance for REITs. FFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP. 
 Since the definition of FFO was promulgated by NAREIT, management and many investors and analysts have considered the presentation of FFO alone to be insufficient. Accordingly, in addition to FFO, we also use Adjusted Funds From Operations, or AFFO as a measure of our operating performance. We define AFFO, a non-GAAP financial measure, to exclude from FFO adjustments for gains or losses related to early extinguishment of debt instruments as these items are not related to our continuing operations. By excluding these items, management believes that AFFO provides supplemental information related to sustainable operations that will be more comparable between other reporting periods and to other public, non-traded REITs. AFFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP. 
 In calculating FFO and AFFO, impairment charges of depreciable real estate assets are added back even though the impairment charge may represent a permanent decline in value due to decreased operating performance of the applicable investment property. Further, because gains and losses from sales of investment property are excluded from FFO and AFFO, it is consistent and appropriate that impairments, which are often early recognition of losses on prospective sales of investment property, also be excluded. 
 We believe that FFO and AFFO are useful measures of our investment properties operating performance because they exclude noncash items from GAAP net income. Neither FFO nor AFFO is intended to be an alternative to net income nor to cash flows from operating activities as determined by GAAP as a measure of our capacity to pay distributions. Other REITs may use alternative methodologies for calculating similarly titled measures, which may not be comparable to our calculation of FFO and AFFO. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents our calculation of FFO and AFFO (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss attributable to Highlands REIT, Inc. common stockholders (7,662) (13,046) Depreciation and amortization related to investment properties (1) 
 10,256 10,432 Impairment of investment properties 1,412 Loss on sale of investment properties, net 6 Funds From Operations and Adjusted Funds From Operations 2,600 (1,202) 
 (1) The depreciation and amortization add-back excludes the portion of expense attributable to the non-controlling interest. 
 Use and Limitations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 FFO and AFFO do not represent cash generated from operating activities under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income or loss, operating profit, cash flows from operations or any other operating performance measure prescribed by GAAP. Although we present and use FFO and AFFO because we believe they are useful to investors in evaluating and facilitating comparisons of our operating performance between periods and between REITs that report similar measures, the use of this non-GAAP measure has certain limitations as an analytical tool. This non-GAAP financial measure is not a measure of our liquidity, nor is it indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to fund capital expenditures, contractual commitments, working capital, service debt or make cash distributions. This measurement does not reflect cash expenditures for long-term assets and other items that we have incurred and will incur. This non-GAAP financial measure may include funds that may not be available for management s discretionary use due to functional requirements to conserve funds for capital expenditures, investment property acquisitions and other commitments and uncertainties. This non-GAAP financial measure, as presented, may not be comparable to non-GAAP financial measures as calculated by other real estate companies. 
 
 We compensate for these limitations by separately considering the impact of these excluded items to the extent they are material to operating decisions or assessments of our operating performance. Our reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP financial measures, and our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss and cash flows, include interest expense, capital expenditures and other excluded items, all of which should be considered when evaluating our performance, as well as the usefulness of our non-GAAP financial measure. This non-GAAP financial measure reflects an additional way of viewing our operations that we believe, when viewed with our GAAP results and the reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP financial measure, provides a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business than could be obtained absent this disclosure. We strongly encourage investors to review our financial information in its entirety and not to rely on a single financial measure. 
 
 Distributions 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no cash distributions were paid by Highlands. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are subject to market risk associated with changes in interest rates both in terms of variable-rate debt and the price of new fixed-rate debt upon maturity of existing debt and for acquisitions. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. As of December 31, 2022, our debt included a variable rate mortgage loan of 17.5 million, which has been swapped to a fixed rate. 
 With regard to our variable-rate financing, we assess interest rate cash flow risk by identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. We maintain risk management control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both outstanding or forecasted debt obligations. 
 We may use financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans. To the extent we do, we are exposed to credit risk and market risk. Credit risk is the risk of failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, which creates a credit risk for us. When the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we owe the counterparty and, therefore, it does not pose credit risk. We seek to minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with what we believe are high-quality counterparties. Market risk is the adverse effect on the value of a financial instrument resulting from a change in interest rates. 
 In the event that LIBOR is discontinued, the interest rate for certain of our debt instruments, including our interest rate swap agreement that is indexed to LIBOR, will be based on a replacement rate or an alternate base rate as specified in the applicable documentation governing such debt or swaps or as otherwise agreed upon. Such an event would not affect our ability to borrow or maintain already outstanding borrowings or swaps, but the replacement rate or alternate base rate could be higher or more volatile than LIBOR prior to its discontinuance. We understand that LIBOR is expected to remain available through the end of June 2023, but may be discontinued or otherwise become unavailable thereafter. 
 Our interest rate swap is indexed to USD-LIBOR. However, our interest rate swap agreement has provisions that allow for a transition to a new alternative rate, and we believe that the transition from USD-LIBOR to the alternative rate will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had one derivative financial instrument designated as a cash flow hedge, with an original notional amount of 18.8 million and a maturity date of September 1, 2023. The fair value of the derivative was 0.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and is included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The gains or losses resulting from marking-to-market our derivative financial instruments during the periods presented are recognized as an increase or decrease in comprehensive loss on our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 42 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Index 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 44 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 49 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 51 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) 
 65 
 All schedules other than those listed in the Index have been omitted, as the required disclosure is inapplicable or the information is presented in the financial statements or related notes. 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Highlands REIT, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the consolidated financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Highlands REIT, Inc. (a Maryland corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the auditing standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical audit matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Impairment of Net investment properties 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s Net investment properties total 275.6 million. As described in Note 2 and Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s investment properties are reviewed for impairment on a property-by-property basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the property may not be fully recoverable, such as a decline in occupancy, changes in events or intent, uncertainties related to debt maturities, reduction in expected holding period, or a significant decline in market value. 
 In the event that impairment triggers are present, the Company prepares a cost recoverability test comparing the property s estimated undiscounted cash flow with its net carrying value. If the Company determines that an investment property is impaired, then the carrying value is reduced to the estimated fair value as determined by cash flow models and discount rates or comparable sales in accordance with the Company s fair value measurement policy. These fair value measurements require management to make estimates and assumptions about significant variables, such as the probabilities of potential outcomes, estimated holding periods, the amount and timing of revenues, operating expenses, and capital expenditures during the holding period, capitalization rates, and potential disposal proceeds to be received upon sale. We identified impairment of Net investment properties as a critical audit matter. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that impairment of Net investment properties is a critical audit matter is that it involves a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management's judgments not only regarding impairment triggers but also regarding estimates and assumptions utilized in forecasting cash flows for cost recoverability. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Our audit procedures related to the evaluation of impairment of investment properties included the following, among others. We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design and implementation of relevant controls over the evaluation of potential impairments of Net investment properties. We evaluated the appropriateness of management s qualitative impairment indicator analysis, including triggering factors such as decline in occupancy, changes in events or intent, uncertainties related to debt maturities, reduction in expected holding period, or a significant decline in market value on a property-by-property basis. Additionally, we evaluated the completeness of the population of properties for which triggering events were identified. We examined the Company s undiscounted cash flow analyses utilized to assess cost recoverability. We evaluated the reasonableness of the methods and significant inputs and assumptions used in the undiscounted cash flow analyses including the probability of outcomes, reasonableness of projections including leasing revenue and operating costs, estimated holding periods, and potential disposal proceeds to be received upon a sale. We evaluated these inputs and assumptions by comparing them to a combination of observable market data and historical performance of the identified properties. Our assessment included sensitivity analyses over these significant assumptions, and we considered whether such assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020. 

March 15, 2023 

45 

Table of Contents 

HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Investment properties Land Building and other improvements Construction in progress Total Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Net investment properties Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and escrows Accounts receivable (net of allowance of 104 and 153 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) Deferred costs and other assets, net Total assets Liabilities Debt, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (See note 12) Stockholders Equity 
 Common stock, 0.01 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized, 888,243 and 885,222 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated distributions in excess of net income ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total Highlands REIT, Inc. stockholders equity Non-controlling interests ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues Lease income Other property income Total revenues Expenses Property operating expenses Real estate taxes Depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Provision for asset impairment Total expenses Loss on sale of investment properties Loss from operations ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) Net loss ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) Net loss attributable to Highlands REIT, Inc. common stockholders ) ) Net loss per common share, basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted Comprehensive loss Net loss ) ) Unrealized gain on derivatives Total other comprehensive income Comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to Highlands REIT, Inc. common stockholders ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Distributions in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Company Stockholders' Equity Non-controlling interests Total Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2021 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Share-based compensation, net Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Share-based compensation, net Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of above and below market leases, net ) ) Amortization of debt discounts and financing costs Straight-line rental income ) ) Write-off of debt issuance costs Loss on sale of investment properties, net Provision for asset impairment Stock-based compensation expense Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Deferred costs and other assets, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Other liabilities Net cash flows provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures and tenant improvements ) ) Proceeds from sale of investment properties, net Payment of leasing fees ) ) Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payment of debt issuance costs ) Proceeds from debt Payoff of debt ) ) Principal payments of debt ) ) Payment for tax withholding for share-based compensation ) ) Net cash flows used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and escrows ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and escrows, at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and escrows, at end of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and escrows, end of year Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and escrows Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and escrows, at end of year 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental schedule of non-cash activities: Accruals for capital costs and investment in development 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 

1. 
 par value per share (the Common Stock ), of Highlands to holders of record of InvenTrust's common stock as of the close of business on April 25, 2016 (the Record Date ). Each holder of record of InvenTrust's common stock received share of Common Stock for every share of InvenTrust's common stock held at the close of business on the Record Date (the Distribution ). As a result, Highlands became an independent, self-advised, non-traded public company. Highlands has elected to be taxed, and currently qualifies, as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with Highlands' short taxable year ending December 31, 2016. 
 Each asset is owned by a separate legal entity, which maintains its own books and financial records, and each entity s assets are not available to satisfy the liabilities of other affiliated entities, except as otherwise disclosed in Note 7. With the exception of one asset we own through a variable interest entity with a third-party partner (the Corvue Venture ), we are the sole owner of each of these separate legal entities. As of December 31, 2022, we have an approximate interest in the Corvue Venture and have funded equity contributions to the Corvue Venture in the approximate amount of . See Note 2 for additional information regarding the basis of presentation of the Corvue Venture, which is consolidated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owned and investment properties, respectively and parcel of unimproved land. 
 Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic was not material during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 2. 

51 

Table of Contents 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 

 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have determined we are the primary beneficiary of one VIE, the Corvue Venture, and have consolidated the operations of this entity in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. We reviewed the operating agreement of the Corvue Venture in order to determine our rights and the rights of our third-party partner, including whether those rights are protective or participating. We have determined we are the primary beneficiary of the Corvue Venture because we have (a) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the Corvue Venture, (b) the obligation to absorb the losses that could be significant to the Corvue Venture and (c) the right to receive the benefits that could be significant to the Corvue Venture. Included in total assets and liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 is and , respectively, related to the Corvue Venture. Included in total assets and liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021 is and , respectively, related to the Corvue Venture. The assets of the Corvue Venture may only be used to settle obligations of the Corvue Venture and the creditors of the Corvue Venture have no recourse to the general credit of the Company. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 

 years for building and improvements and - years for furniture, fixtures and equipment and site improvements. Tenant improvements are amortized on a straight line basis over the lesser of the life of the tenant improvement or the lease term as a component of depreciation and amortization expense. Leasing fees are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease as a component of depreciation and amortization expense. Loan fees are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, over the life of the related loan as a component of interest expense. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 

There were assets held for sale on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 If the sale represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on the Company's results of operations, the income and expenses for the period are classified as discontinued operations on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income for all periods presented. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 

The Company did record impairments during the year ended December 31, 2022 and recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 

 3. 
 
 There were investment property dispositions during the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 4. 
 Accrued compensation Accrued interest payable Other accrued expenses Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 5. 
 or less. We lease commercial investment properties under operating leases with remaining lease terms that range from less than to as of December 31, 2022 and from less than to as of December 31, 2021. 
 Lease income related to variable lease payments Total lease income 
 
 Future Minimum Rental Income 
 or less. 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 

 and were recorded in the consolidated balance sheets. We used a discount rate of approximately , reflecting the Company's incremental borrowing rate. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Imputed interest ) Lease liability 
 
 6. 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible liabilities, net 
 The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired above market lease costs and acquired below market lease costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease, including the respective renewal period for below market lease costs with fixed rate renewals, as an adjustment to lease income. Amortization pertaining to the above market lease costs is applied as a reduction to lease income. Amortization pertaining to the below market lease costs is applied as an increase to lease income. The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired in-place lease intangibles is amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease and is recorded as amortization expense. 
 Net revenues increase Acquired in-place lease intangibles 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 

 Net revenues increase 
 
 7. 
 Mortgage discount ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) Total Debt, net 
 (1) 
 2024 2025 2026 
 2027 Thereafter Total 
 (1) See below for discussion of the swap agreement entered into with the mortgage loan obtained in connection with the acquisition of the Locale asset. The weighted average interest rate reflected is the strike rate. 
 The Company obtained loans on June 30, 2022 which were each secured by a mortgage encumbering one of the Company's multi-family assets. The loan secured by a mortgage on Kenilworth Court has a principal amount of , and the loan secured by a mortgage on The Lafayette has a principal amount of . Both loans mature on July 1, 2032, bear interest at a fixed rate of and require interest-only payment for the duration of their term. 
 The Company's mortgage on The Locale matures September 1, 2023. The principal balance of this mortgage was at December 31, 2022. Prior to maturity, the Company expects it will exercise the extension option provided for in the loan documents, which requires, among other criteria, that, at the time of extension, the mortgage is not in default and a minimum debt service coverage ratio and minimum loan to value ratio are met. 
 The Company's ability to pay off the mortgages when they become due is dependent upon the Company's ability either to refinance the related mortgage debt or to sell the related asset. With respect to each mortgage loan, if the applicable wholly-owned property-owning subsidiary is unable to refinance or sell the related asset, or in the event that the estimated asset value is less than the mortgage balance, the applicable wholly-owned property-owning subsidiary may, if appropriate, satisfy a mortgage obligation by transferring title of the asset to the lender or permitting a lender to foreclose. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, none of our mortgage debt was recourse to the Company, although Highlands or its subsidiaries may act as guarantor under customary, non-recourse, carve-out guarantees in connection with obtaining mortgage loans on certain of our investment properties. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 

 at the time of sale, was simultaneously repaid. The funds previously trapped and held by the lender, along with all required lender escrows, totaling million, were returned to the Company in April 2022. 
 Some of the mortgage loans require compliance with certain covenants, such as debt service coverage and net worth ratios. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company is in compliance with such covenants. 
 Termination of Credit Agreement 
 On January 21, 2021, the Company repaid of the outstanding principal balance of its secured revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Loan") under the Company's Credit Agreement, previously entered into on February 15, 2019 with Huntington National Bank (the "Credit Agreement") and on March 29, 2021, repaid in full all of the remaining outstanding indebtedness related to the Revolving Credit Loan, consisting of approximately of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The Credit Agreement and related security interests, and all commitments thereunder, were terminated in conjunction with such payment in full. 
 LIBOR Reform 
 Following announcements by the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, which administers LIBOR s publication, publication of most LIBOR settings ceased after December 31, 2021. Publication of the remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings is expected to cease after June 30, 2023. As a result, the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York organized the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ("ARRC"), which identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as its preferred alternative rate for USD LIBOR in derivatives and other financial contracts. SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York started to publish SOFR in April 2018. 
 The discontinuation, reform or replacement of LIBOR or any other benchmark rates may have an unpredictable impact on contractual mechanics in the credit markets or cause disruption to the broader financial markets and could have an adverse effect on LIBOR-based interest rates on our current or future debt obligations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had one variable-rate mortgage with an interest rate swap to fix the rate at . The derivative instrument had an original notional amount of million and is indexed to one-month USD-LIBOR. In December 2022, the Company completed an amendment to the mortgage loan agreement to replace LIBOR and establish SOFR that has been selected by the lender as the alternate rate for this mortgage and interest rate swap. The Company did not have a material impact to the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 

 derivative financial instrument designated as a cash flow hedge, with an original notional amount of and a maturity date of September 1, 2023. This derivative is an interest rate swap that is measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income on the consolidated balance sheets and is subsequently reclassified into interest expense in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The amounts recorded as other comprehensive income related to our derivative financial instrument was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Realized gains and losses will be recognized as they accrue in interest expense. 
 Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on our variable rate debt. The Company estimates that will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense over the next nine months (maturity date). 

60 

Table of Contents 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 

The fair value of our derivative financial instrument was determined using widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of the derivative financial instrument. This analysis reflected the contractual terms of the derivative, including the period to maturity, and used observable market-based inputs, including interest rate market data and implied volatilities in such interest rates. While it was determined that the majority of the inputs used to value the derivative fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy under authoritative accounting guidance, the credit valuation adjustments associated with the derivative also utilized Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default. However, as of December 31, 2022, the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of the derivative financial instrument was assessed, and it was determined that these adjustments were not significant to the overall valuation of the derivative financial instrument. As a result, it was determined that the derivative financial instrument in its entirety should be classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Non-Recurring Measurements 
 In accordance with ASC 360-10, the Company records impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations when events and circumstances indicate that long-lived assets might be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the carrying amount of those assets. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, events and circumstances indicated that certain investment properties might be impaired. However, the Company's estimate of undiscounted cash flows indicated that such carrying values were expected to be recovered. Nonetheless, it is reasonably possible that the estimate of undiscounted cash flows may change in the future resulting in the need to write down assets to fair value. During the year ended December 31, 2021, an impairment adjustment in the amount of was recorded on our State Street Market retail asset due to executing a contract for sale of the asset at a price below our book value. 

Financial Liabilities Disclosed at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

61 

Table of Contents 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 

 and per annum as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company estimates the fair value of its mortgage loans by discounting the anticipated future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently offered to the Company by its lenders for similar debt instruments of comparable maturities. The rates used are based on credit spreads observed in the marketplace during the quarter for similar debt instruments, and a floor rate that the Company has derived using its subjective judgment for each asset segment. Based on this, the Company determines the appropriate rate for each of its individual mortgage loans based upon the specific terms of the agreement, including the term to maturity, the quality and nature of the underlying investment property and its leverage ratio. The weighted average market effective interest rates used a range from to and to as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The assumptions reflect the terms currently available on similar borrowing terms to borrowers with credit profiles similar to the Company s. The Company has determined that its debt instrument valuations are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 9. 
 unrecognized tax benefits as of or for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company expects no significant increases or decreases in unrecognized tax benefits due to changes in tax positions within one year of December 31, 2022. The Company has no material interest or penalties relating to income taxes recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 or in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's, including its predecessors, 2021, 2020 and 2019 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. and various state tax jurisdictions. 
 
 10. 
 business segments, consisting of multi-family and other. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 

 Other property income Total revenues Operating expenses Net operating income Non-allocated expenses (1) ) ) Other income and expenses (2) ) ) Provision for asset impairment (3) ) Loss on sale of investment properties (4) ) Net loss ) ) Balance Sheet Data Real estate assets, net Non-segmented assets (5) 
 Total assets Capital expenditures 
 (1) Non-allocated expenses consists of general and administrative expenses and depreciation and amortization. 
 (2) Other income and expenses consists of interest income and interest expense. 
 (3) Provision for asset impairment is related to State Street Market. 
 (4) Loss on the sale of investment properties is related to State Street Market. 
 (5) Non-segmented assets include cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and escrows, accounts receivable and deferred costs and other assets, net. 
 
 11. 
 of fully vested shares of common stock with an aggregate value of based on a weighted average estimated fair value per share of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted of fully vested shares of common stock with an aggregate value of based on a weighted average estimated fair value per share of . 
 Under the Incentive Award Plan, the Company was initially authorized to grant up to shares of the Company's common stock pursuant to awards under the plan. On August 12, 2021, the board of directors increased the authorized number of shares of its Common Stock under the Incentive Award Plan from to pursuant to that certain Second Amendment to Highlands REIT, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan, dated as of August 12, 2021. At December 31, 2022, shares were available for future issuance under the Incentive Award Plan. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 

 Granted Vested ) Other Balance at December 31, 2022 
 The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of and , respectively, related to the Incentive Award Plan. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid and , respectively, related to tax withholding for share-based compensation. 
 
 12. 
 square feet at our Sherman Plaza asset. The lease required a significant amount of landlord work, a tenant allowance and a leasing commission. The total commitment was estimated to be approximately . As of December 31, 2022, we estimate that remaining costs to be paid under this commitment are approximately . Rent commenced on this lease in the third quarter of 2021 and payment of the outstanding tenant allowance will be made upon tenant's request and verification that all requirements for payment have been met. 
 In February 2021, the Company executed a lease with Veeco Instruments, Inc. for approximately square feet at our Trimble office asset. The lease required a significant tenant allowance and leasing commission. The total cost commitment was estimated to be approximately . As of December 31, 2022, we estimate that remaining costs to be paid under this commitment are approximately . While the lease went into effect on January 1, 2022, pursuant to its terms, the tenant was entitled to 12 months of base rent abatement prior to any amounts being payable. A portion of the leasing commission related to this lease remains payable by the Company upon the date the tenant's rent abatement ends, which is January 1, 2023. The remainder of the tenant allowance will be paid by the Company upon the tenant receiving its final certificate of occupancy. 
 In November 2022, the Company executed a lease with XP Power, LLC for approximately square feet at our Trimble office asset. Rental payments under this lease are expected to commence in January 2024. The lease requires significant landlord work, a tenant allowance and leasing commission. The total cost commitment is estimated to be approximately . As of December 31, 2022, we estimate remaining costs under this commitment are approximately . 
 
 13. 
 . The loan matures on February 1, 2030, bears interest at a fixed rate of and requires interest-only payments for the duration of the term. 
 
 64 

HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Schedule III 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

 2018 Buerger Brothers Lofts Denver, CO 2017 Chamber Lofts Denver, CO 2017 Kenilworth Court Denver, CO 2018 Tennyson Denver, CO 2019 The Detroit and Detroit Terraces Denver, CO 2019 The Lafayette Denver, CO 2018 The Locale Allendale, MI 2019 The Muse Denver, CO 2019 The Sterling San Diego, CA 2020 The View San Diego, CA 2019 Other Buckhorn Plaza Bloomsburg, PA ) 2006 Hudson Correctional Facility Hudson, CO ) 2009 Palazzo Del Lago Orlando, FL 2010 Sherman Plaza Evanston, IL 2006 The Market at Hilliard Hilliard, OH 2005 Trimble San Jose, CA 2013 
 
 65 

HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Schedule III 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

 2007 Versacold USA - New Ulm New Ulm, MN 2007 Corporate N/A Totals ) 

66 

HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 Schedule III 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

 (unaudited). 
 A. The initial cost to the Company represents the original purchase price of the asset, including amounts incurred subsequent to acquisition which were contemplated at the time the asset was acquired. 
 B. Adjustments to basis include provisions for asset impairments, partial dispositions and costs capitalized subsequent to acquisitions. 
 C. Reconciliation of real estate owned: 
 2022 2021 Balance at January 1 Acquisitions and capital improvements Dispositions and write-offs ) Asset impairments ) Balance at December 31, 
 D. Reconciliation of accumulated depreciation: 
 2022 2021 Balance at January 1 Depreciation expense Dispositions and write-offs ) Asset impairments ) Balance at December 31, 
 E. Depreciation is computed based upon the following estimated lives: 
 Buildings and improvements years Tenant improvements Life of the lease Furniture, fixtures, equipment and site improvements - years 

67 

Item 9. Changes in or Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) and Rule 15d-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer evaluated, as of December 31, 2022, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as of December 31, 2022, were effective at a reasonable assurance level for the purpose of ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in this report is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the Exchange Act and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) as of December 31, 2022. Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting based on the framework in "Internal Control-Integrated Framework" issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Based on its evaluation, our management has concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Record Date 
 The Board established the close of business on March 30, 2023 as the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote at our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, expected to be held on June 8, 2023. 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 On and effective as of March 15, 2023, our Board of Directors adopted amended and restated Bylaws (the Bylaws to, among other things: 
 Enhance procedural mechanics and disclosure requirements in connection with stockholder nominations of directors made in connection with annual and special meetings of stockholders, including, without limitation, as follows: 
 Addressing matters relating to Rule 14a-19 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (e.g., by clarifying that (i) the Company will disregard any proxy authority granted in favor of (or voted in favor of) nominees submitted by stockholders if the stockholder does not comply with Rule 14a-19; and (ii) stockholders must also comply with the requirements to provide notices required under Rule 14a-19 in a timely manner and deliver reasonable evidence that Rule 14a-19 requirements have been met); 
 Requiring proposed nominees and proposing stockholders to provide certain background information and certifications to the Company, including that the proposed nominee agrees to serve on the Board if elected and will notify the Company if the proposed nominee becomes unwilling or unable to serve; 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Clarifying the procedural requirements in connection with a stockholder s ability to vote by proxy, including a requirement that a stockholder soliciting proxies use a proxy card color other than white; and 
 Clarifying that a stockholder may not nominate more individuals than there are directors to be elected and prohibiting the substitution or replacement of a proposed nominee following the expiration of the applicable deadline; and 
 Make various other updates to the provisions governing stockholder meetings. 
 The foregoing summary of the Bylaws does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Bylaws, as amended, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Except as set forth below, the information called for by this Item is contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 Richard Vance , age 59, has served as a director and our President and Chief Executive Officer since our formation in December 2015. Prior to our spin-off from InvenTrust Properties Corp. InvenTrust ), Mr. Vance served as Senior Vice President - Portfolio Management Corporate Strategy for InvenTrust, where he was responsible for managing InvenTrust s non-core portfolio with regard to asset management, property operations and leasing. Beginning in 2013 and until InvenTrust s self-management in 2014, Mr. Vance served as Vice President for InvenTrust s former business manager, and, following InvenTrust s self-management, Mr. Vance continued to serve as Vice President for InvenTrust until 2015. In this role, Mr. Vance had various responsibilities, including spearheading InvenTrust s self-management and various asset management responsibilities. Beginning in 2010, Mr. Vance began working with InvenTrust s former business manager and former property manager as an independent consultant, and was primarily responsible for managing a diverse portfolio of InvenTrust s office, industrial and retail assets. Mr. Vance has more than 20 years of experience in commercial real estate and commercial real estate finance, including various positions prior to 2010 with GMAC Commercial Mortgage, Equity Residential, Deutsche Bank, Ernst Young or their affiliates. Mr. Vance received a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, a Juris Doctor from Loyola University of Chicago, and a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Michigan-Flint. 
 Robert J. Lange , age 40, has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Highlands since June 2016. On January 22, 2021, Mr. Lange was appointed to serve as Chief Operating Officer of the Company. As General Counsel, Mr. Lange is responsible for all legal functions at Highlands and as Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Lange is charged with overseeing its operations, including strategic planning, non-core asset management, investor relations, human resource matters, risk management, as well as property and corporate insurance. Prior to joining Highlands in 2016, Mr. Lange was Vice President, Head Corporate Counsel and Assistant Secretary at InvenTrust Properties Corp. In that capacity, he oversaw all aspects of InvenTrust s corporate legal affairs, including material transactions, governance, public company reporting and compliance, employee matters and executive compensation and benefits. Prior to joining InvenTrust in 2014, Mr. Lange practiced law at Skadden Arps Slate Meagher Flom LLP, where he represented companies in mergers and acquisitions and advised clients on a broad variety of general corporate matters. Mr. Lange received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree, with distinction, from the University of Wisconsin Madison and a Juris Doctor degree, with honors, from the University of Chicago. 
 Kimberly A. Karas , age 47, has served as Senior Vice President and Controller of Highlands since July 8, 2019 and as the Company's Treasurer since September 15, 2020. Effective December 9, 2021, Ms. Karas was appointed to serve as the Company's Chief Accounting Officer. In this capacity, she will also serve as the Company s principal accounting officer and principal financial officer. Ms. Karas previously served as Vice President of Finance for Link Industrial Properties (formerly Gateway Industrial Properties), a Blackstone platform company, from 2018 to 2019. Blackstone is one of the largest real estate 

Table of Contents 

private equity firms in the world. In this role, Ms. Karas was responsible for the budget and forecast of the industrial platform, financial integration of new acquisitions and the creation of operating tools and reports. Ms. Karas previously worked at IRC Retail Centers (formerly Inland Real Estate Corporation) from 2000 to 2018, most recently serving as Vice President and Controller and as a member of its Management Committee. In this role, she oversaw the corporate accounting function, with responsibilities over Securities and Exchange Commission reporting, preparation of consolidated financial statements, maintenance of accounting policies and procedures, compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and coordination of annual audits and tax return filings. Ms. Karas earned her Bachelor of Science in Accounting from the University of Illinois at Chicago. 
 Code of Ethics 
 Our board has adopted a code of ethics and business conduct (the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct applicable to our directors, officers and employees, which is available on our website at www.highlandsreit.com through the Investor Relations - Governance Documents tab. In the event that the Company amends or waives any of the provisions of the Code of Ethics that applies to the Company's Chief Executive Officer or Principal Accounting Officer, and other senior financial officers performing similar functions, the Company intends to disclose the subsequent information on its website. In addition, printed copies of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct are available to any stockholder, without charge, by writing us at Highlands REIT, Inc., Attn: Corporate Secretary, 1 South Dearborn Street, 20 th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information called for by this Item is contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Except as set forth below, the information called for by this Item is contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of the Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table sets forth information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, as of December 31, 2022. (a) (b) (c) Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders Highlands REIT, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan 16,395 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 16,395 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information called for by this Item is contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information called for by this Item is contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Part IV. 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) List of documents filed: 
 i. Financial Statements: 
 1. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 2. The consolidated financial statements of the Company are set forth in the report in Item 8. 
 ii. Financial Statement Schedules: 
 1. Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) 
 2. All schedules other than those indicated in the index have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 iii. Exhibits: 
 1. The list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report is set forth on the Exhibit Index attached hereto. 
 (b) Exhibits: 
 i. The exhibits filed in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed on the Exhibit Index attached hereto. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules other than those indicated in the index have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Omitted at registrant's option. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 2.1 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement between Highlands REIT, Inc. and InvenTrust Properties Corp., dated as of April 15, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2016) 3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Highlands REIT, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2016) 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Highlands REIT, Inc. 4.1 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 20, 2020) 10.1 
 Transition Services Agreement between Highlands REIT, Inc. and InvenTrust Properties Corp., dated as of April 28, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2016) 10.2 
 Employee Matters Agreement between Highlands REIT, Inc. and InvenTrust Properties Corp., dated as of April 28, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2016) 10.3# 
 Highlands REIT, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2016) 10.4# 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Highlands REIT, Inc. and each of its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2016) 10.5# 
 Form of Highlands REIT, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan Stock Payment Award Grant Notice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2016) 10.6# 
 First Amendment to Highlands REIT, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2016) 10.7# 
 Second Amendment to Highlands REIT, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Form S-8, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 12, 2021) 10.8# 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated November 7, 2018, by and between Highlands REIT, Inc. and Richard Vance (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2018) 10.9# 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated November 7, 2018, by and between Highlands REIT, Inc. and Robert J. Lange (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2018) 10.10# 
 Highlands REIT, Inc. Director Compensation Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2016) 10.11# 
 Highlands REIT, Inc. Retention Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 12, 2016) 10.1 2 # 
 Offer Letter, dated June 6, 2019, by and between Highlands REIT, Inc. and Kimberly A. Karas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 12, 2019) 10.1 3 # 
 Change in Control and Severance Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2019, by and between Highlands REIT, Inc. and Kimberly A. Karas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 12, 2019) 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 23.1 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Link Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

73 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ Richard Vance 
 Name: Richard Vance 
 Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: March 15, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature 
 Title 
 Date 
 /s/ Richard Vance 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
 March 15, 2023 Richard Vance 
 /s/ Kimberly A. Karas 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 March 15, 2023 Kimberly A. Karas 
 /s/ R. David Turner 
 Director and Chairman 
 March 15, 2023 R. David Turner 
 /s/ Jeffrey L. Shekell 
 Director 
 March 15, 2023 Jeffrey L. Shekell 

74 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 exhibit32-highlandsamended.htm
 EX-3.2 - AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

Document 

HIGHLANDS REIT, INC. 
 BYLAWS 
 ARTICLE I 
 OFFICES 
 Section 1. PRINCIPAL OFFICE . The principal office of the Corporation in the State of Maryland shall be located at such place as the Board of Directors may designate. 
 Section 2. ADDITIONAL OFFICES . The Corporation may have additional offices, including a principal executive office, at such places as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. 
 ARTICLE II 
 MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 Section 1. PLACE . All meetings of stockholders shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at such other place as shall be set in accordance with these Bylaws and stated in the notice of the meeting. 
 Section 2. ANNUAL MEETING . An annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of any business within the powers of the Corporation shall be held on the date and at the time and place set by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 3. SPECIAL MEETINGS . 
 (a) General . Each of the chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president and Board of Directors may call a special meeting of stockholders. Except as provided in subsection (b)(4) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall be held on the date and at the time and place set by the chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president or Board of Directors, whoever has called the meeting. Subject to subsection (b) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall also be called by the secretary of the Corporation to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting. 
 (b) Stockholder-Requested Special Meetings . (1) Any stockholder of record seeking to have stockholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the secretary (the Record Date Request Notice by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date to determine the stockholders entitled to request a special meeting (the Request Record Date ). The Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it, shall be signed by one or more stockholders of record as of the date of signature (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the Record Date Request Notice), shall bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) and shall set forth all information and certifications relating to each such stockholder and each matter proposed to be acted on at the meeting required by paragraphs (a)(3) and (4) of Section 11 of this Article II. Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice, the Board of Directors may fix a Request Record Date. The Request Record Date shall not precede and shall not be more than ten days after the close of business on the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is 
 
 1 

adopted by the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors, within ten days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the tenth day after the first date on which a Record Date Request Notice is received by the secretary. 
 (2) In order for any stockholder to request a special meeting to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders, one or more written requests for a special meeting (collectively, the Special Meeting Request signed by stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the request) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting (the Special Meeting Percentage shall be delivered to the secretary. In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall (a) set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to those lawful matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the secretary), (b) bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, (c) set forth (i) the name and address, as they appear in the Corporation s books, of each stockholder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is signed), (ii) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned (beneficially or of record) by each such stockholder and (iii) the nominee holder for, and number of, shares of stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, (d) be sent to the secretary by registered mail, return receipt requested, and (e) be received by the secretary within 60 days after the Request Record Date. Any requesting stockholder (or agent duly authorized in a writing accompanying the revocation of the Special Meeting Request) may revoke his, her or its request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the secretary. 
 (3) The secretary shall inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing or delivering the notice of the meeting (including the Corporation s proxy materials). The secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon stockholder request and such meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the Special Meeting Request required by paragraph (2) of this Section 3(b), the secretary receives payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the preparation and mailing or delivery of such notice of the meeting. 
 (4) In the case of any special meeting called by the secretary upon the request of stockholders (a Stockholder-Requested Meeting ), such meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board of Directors provided , however, that the date of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting shall be not more than 90 days after the record date for such meeting (the Meeting Record Date and provided further that if the Board of Directors fails to designate, within ten days after the date that a valid Special Meeting Request is actually received by the secretary (the Delivery Date ), a date and time for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting, then such meeting shall be held at 2 00 p.m., Central Time, on the 90 th day after the Meeting Record Date or, if such 90 th day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day and provided further that in the event that the Board of Directors fails to designate a place for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting within ten days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation. In fixing a date for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting, the Board of Directors may consider such factors as it deems relevant, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for the meeting and any plan of the Board of Directors to call an annual meeting or a special meeting. In the case of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting, if the Board of Directors fails to fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date within 30 days after the Delivery Date, then the close of business on the 30 th day after the Delivery Date shall be the Meeting Record Date. The Board of Directors 
 
 2 

may revoke the notice for any Stockholder-Requested Meeting in the event that the requesting stockholders fail to comply with the provisions of paragraph (3) of this Section 3(b). 
 (5) If written revocations of the Special Meeting Request have been delivered to the secretary and the result is that stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting Percentage have delivered, and not revoked, requests for a special meeting on the matter to the secretary (i) if the notice of meeting has not already been delivered, the secretary shall refrain from delivering the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for a special meeting on the matter, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been delivered and if the secretary first sends to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked requests for a special meeting on the matter written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting and written notice of the Corporation s intention to revoke the notice of the meeting or for the chairman of the meeting to adjourn the meeting without action on the matter, (A) the secretary may revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before ten days before the commencement of the meeting or (B) the chairman of the meeting may call the meeting to order and adjourn the meeting from time to time without acting on the matter. Any request for a special meeting received after a revocation by the secretary of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting. 
 (6) The chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president or Board of Directors may appoint regionally or nationally recognized independent inspectors of elections to act as the agent of the Corporation for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special Meeting Request received by the secretary. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such purported Special Meeting Request shall be deemed to have been received by the secretary until the earlier of (i) five Business Days after actual receipt by the secretary of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Corporation that the valid requests received by the secretary represent, as of the Request Record Date, stockholders of record entitled to cast not less than the Special Meeting Percentage. Nothing contained in this paragraph (6) shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Corporation or any stockholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any request, whether during or after such five Business Day period, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation). 
 (7) For purposes of these Bylaws, Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of Illinois are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 
 Section 4. NOTICE . Not less than ten nor more than 90 days before each meeting of stockholders, the secretary shall give to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting and to each stockholder not entitled to vote who is entitled to notice of the meeting notice in writing or by electronic transmission stating the time and place of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting or as otherwise may be required by any statute, the purpose for which the meeting is called, by mail, by presenting it to such stockholder personally, by leaving it at the stockholder s residence or usual place of business, by electronic transmission or by any other means permitted by Maryland law. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid. If transmitted electronically, such notice shall be deemed to be given when transmitted to the stockholder by an electronic transmission to any address or number of the stockholder at which the stockholder receives electronic transmissions. The Corporation may give a 
 
 3 

single notice to all stockholders who share an address, which single notice shall be effective as to any stockholder at such address, unless such stockholder objects to receiving such single notice or revokes a prior consent to receiving such single notice. Failure to give notice of any meeting to one or more stockholders, or any irregularity in such notice, shall not affect the validity of any meeting fixed in accordance with this Article II or the validity of any proceedings at any such meeting. 
 Subject to Section 11(a) of this Article II, any business of the Corporation may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders without being specifically designated in the notice, except such business as is required by any statute to be stated in such notice. No business shall be transacted at a special meeting of stockholders except as specifically designated in the notice. The Corporation may postpone or cancel a meeting of stockholders by making a public announcement (as defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) of such postponement or cancellation prior to the meeting. Notice of the date, time and place to which the meeting is postponed shall be given not less than ten days prior to such date and otherwise in the manner set forth in this section. 
 Section 5. ORGANIZATION AND CONDUCT . Every meeting of stockholders shall be conducted by an individual appointed by the Board of Directors to be chairman of the meeting or, in the absence of such appointment or appointed individual, by the chairman of the board or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the chairman of the board, by one of the following officers present at the meeting in the following order the vice chairman of the board, if there is one, the chief executive officer, the president, the vice presidents in their order of rank and, within each rank, in their order of seniority, the secretary, or, in the absence of such officers, a chairman chosen by the stockholders by the vote of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders present in person or by proxy. The secretary or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the secretary, an assistant secretary or an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting shall act as secretary. In the event that the secretary presides at a meeting of stockholders, an assistant secretary, or, in the absence of all assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting, shall record the minutes of the meeting. Even if present at the meeting, the person holding the office named herein may delegate to another person the power to act as chairman or secretary of the meeting. The order of business and all other matters of procedure at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined by the chairman of the meeting. The chairman of the meeting may prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and take such action as, in the discretion of the chairman and without any action by the stockholders, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, (a) restricting admission to the time set for the commencement of the meeting (b) limiting attendance or participation at the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized proxies and such other individuals as the chairman of the meeting may determine (c) recognizing speakers at the meeting and determining when and for how long speakers and any individual speaker may address the meeting (d) determining when and for how long the polls should be opened and when the polls should be closed and when announcement of the results should be made (e) maintaining order and security at the meeting (f) removing any stockholder or any other individual who refuses to comply with meeting procedures, rules or guidelines as set forth by the chairman of the meeting (g) concluding a meeting or recessing or adjourning the meeting, whether or not a quorum is present, to a later date and time and at a place either (i) announced at the meeting or (ii) provided at a future time through means announced at the meeting and (h) complying with any state and local laws and regulations concerning safety and security. Unless otherwise determined by the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 Section 6. QUORUM . At any meeting of stockholders, the presence in person or by proxy of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting 
 
 4 

on any matter shall constitute a quorum but this section shall not affect any requirement under any statute or the charter of the Corporation (the Charter for the vote necessary for the approval of any matter. If such quorum is not established at any meeting of the stockholders, the chairman of the meeting may adjourn the meeting from time to time to a date not more than 120 days after the original record date without notice other than announcement at the meeting. At such adjourned meeting, if a quorum shall be present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally convened. The date, time and place of the meeting, as convened, shall be either (a) announced at the meeting or (b) provided at a future time through means announced at the meeting. 
 The stockholders present either in person or by proxy, at a meeting which has been duly called and at which a quorum has been established, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough stockholders to leave fewer than would be required to establish a quorum. 
 Section 7. VOTING . A plurality of all the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to elect a director. Each share entitles the holder thereof to vote for as many individuals as there are directors to be elected and for whose election the holder is entitled to vote. A majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to approve any other matter which may properly come before the meeting, unless more than a majority of the votes cast is required by statute or by the Charter. Unless otherwise provided by statute or by the Charter, each outstanding share of stock, regardless of class, entitles the holder thereof to cast one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders. Voting on any question or in any election may be viva voce unless the chairman of the meeting shall order that voting be by ballot or otherwise. 
 Section 8. PROXIES . A holder of record of shares of stock of the Corporation may cast votes in person or by proxy that is (a) executed by the stockholder or by the stockholder s duly authorized agent in any manner permitted by applicable law, (b) compliant with Maryland law and these Bylaws and (c) filed in accordance with the procedures established by the Corporation. Such proxy or evidence of authorization of such proxy shall be filed with the secretary of the Corporation before or at the meeting. No proxy shall be valid more than eleven months after its date unless otherwise provided in the proxy. 
 Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board. 
 Section 9. VOTING OF STOCK BY CERTAIN HOLDERS . Stock of the Corporation registered in the name of a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity, if entitled to be voted, may be voted by the president or a vice president, managing member, manager, general partner or trustee thereof, as the case may be, or a proxy appointed by any of the foregoing individuals, unless some other person who has been appointed to vote such stock pursuant to a bylaw or a resolution of the governing body of such corporation or other entity or agreement of the partners of a partnership presents a certified copy of such bylaw, resolution or agreement, in which case such person may vote such stock. Any trustee or fiduciary, in such capacity, may vote stock registered in such trustee s or fiduciary s name, either in person or by proxy. 
 Shares of stock of the Corporation directly or indirectly owned by it shall not be voted at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares entitled to be voted at any given time, unless they are held by it in a fiduciary capacity, in which case they 
 
 5 

may be voted and shall be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares at any given time. 
 The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution a procedure by which a stockholder may certify in writing to the Corporation that any shares of stock registered in the name of the stockholder are held for the account of a specified person other than the stockholder. The resolution shall set forth the class of stockholders who may make the certification, the purpose for which the certification may be made, the form of certification and the information to be contained in it if the certification is with respect to a record date, the time after the record date within which the certification must be received by the Corporation and any other provisions with respect to the procedure which the Board of Directors considers necessary or desirable. On receipt by the secretary of the Corporation of such certification, the person specified in the certification shall be regarded as, for the purposes set forth in the certification, the holder of record of the specified stock in place of the stockholder who makes the certification. 
 Section 10. INSPECTORS . The Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting may appoint, before or at the meeting, one or more inspectors for the meeting and any successor to the inspector. Except as otherwise provided by the chairman of the meeting, the inspectors, if any, shall (i) determine the number of shares of stock represented at the meeting, in person or by proxy, and the validity and effect of proxies, (ii) receive and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, (iii) report such tabulation to the chairman of the meeting, (iv) hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, and (v) do such acts as are proper to fairly conduct the election or vote. Each such report shall be in writing and signed by the inspector or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at such meeting. If there is more than one inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors. The report of the inspector or inspectors on the number of shares represented at the meeting and the results of the voting shall be prima facie evidence thereof. 
 Section 11. ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR AND OTHER STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS . 
 (a) Annual Meetings of Stockholders . (1) Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered at an annual meeting of stockholders by the stockholders may only be made (i) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, at the time of giving of notice by the stockholder as provided for in this Section 11(a) and at the time of the annual meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or on any such other business and who has complied with this Section 11(a). 
 (2) For any nomination or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 11, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of the Corporation and any such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for action by the stockholders. To be timely, a stockholder s notice shall set forth all information and certifications required under this Section 11 and shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 150 th day nor later than 5 00 p.m., Central Time, on the 120 th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) for the preceding year s annual meeting provided, however, that in connection with the Corporation s first 
 
 6 

annual meeting or in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual meeting, in order for notice by the stockholder to be timely, such notice must be so delivered not earlier than the 150 th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Central Time, on the later of the 120 th day prior to the date of such annual meeting, as originally convened, or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. The postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting (or the public announcement thereof) shall not commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 (3) Such stockholder s notice shall set forth 
 (i) as to each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director (each, a Proposed Nominee ), all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act 
 (ii) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, (A) a description of such business (including the text of any proposal), the stockholder s reasons for proposing such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), individually or in the aggregate, including any anticipated benefit to the stockholder or the Stockholder Associated Person therefrom and (B) any other information relating to such item of business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) of the Exchange Act 
 (iii) as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Proposed Nominee and any Stockholder Associated Person, 
 (A) the class, series and number of all shares of stock or other securities of the Corporation or any affiliate thereof (collectively, the Company Securities ), if any, which are owned (beneficially or of record) by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, the date on which each such Company Security was acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition, and any short interest (including any opportunity to profit or share in any benefit from any decrease in the price of such stock or other security) in any Company Securities of any such person, 
 (B) the nominee holder for, and number of, any Company Securities owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person , 
 (C) whether and the extent to which such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, directly or indirectly (through brokers, nominees or otherwise), is subject to or during the last six months has engaged in any hedging, derivative or other transaction or series of transactions or entered into any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short interest, any borrowing or lending of securities or 
 
 7 

any proxy or voting agreement), the effect or intent of which is to (I) manage risk or benefit of changes in the price of (x) Company Securities or (y) any security of any entity that was listed in the Peer Group in the Stock Performance Graph in the most recent annual report to security holders of the Corporation (a Peer Group Company for such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person or (II) increase or decrease the voting power of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof (or, as applicable, in any Peer Group Company) disproportionately to such person s economic interest in the Company Securities (or, as applicable, in any Peer Group Company) and 
 (D) any substantial interest, direct or indirect (including, without limitation, any existing or prospective commercial, business or contractual relationship with the Corporation), by security holdings or otherwise, of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof, other than an interest arising from the ownership of Company Securities where such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person receives no extra or special benefit not shared on a pro rata basis by all other holders of the same class or series 
 (iv) as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Stockholder Associated Person with an interest or ownership referred to in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph (3) of this Section 11(a) and any Proposed Nominee, 
 (A) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation s stock ledger, and the current name and business address, if different, of each such Stockholder Associated Person and any Proposed Nominee and 
 (B) the investment strategy or objective, if any, of such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person who is not an individual and a copy of the prospectus, offering memorandum or similar document, if any, provided to investors or potential investors in such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person 
 (v) the name and address of any person who contacted or was contacted by the stockholder giving the notice or any Stockholder Associated Person about the Proposed Nominee or other business proposal 
 (vi) to the extent known by the stockholder giving the notice, the name and address of any other person supporting the nominee for election or reelection as a director or the proposal of other business 
 (vii) if the stockholder is proposing one or more Proposed Nominees, a representation that such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person intends or is part of a group which intends to solicit the holders of shares representing at least 67 of the voting power of shares entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of Proposed Nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act and 
 (viii) all other information regarding the stockholder giving the notice and each Stockholder Associated Person that would be required to be disclosed by the stockholder in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such a solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 8 

(4) Such stockholder s notice shall, with respect to any Proposed Nominee, be accompanied by a 
 (i) written undertaking executed by the Proposed Nominee 
 (A) that such Proposed Nominee (I) is not, and will not become, a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, (II) consents to be named in a proxy statement as a nominee, (III) will serve as a director of the Corporation if elected, (IV) will notify the Corporation simultaneously with the notification to the stockholder of the Proposed Nominee s actual or potential unwillingness or inability to serve as a director and (V) does not need any permission or consent from any third party to serve as a director of the Corporation, if elected, that has not been obtained, including any employer or any other board or governing body on which such Proposed Nominee serves 
 (B) attaching copies of any and all requisite permissions or consents and 
 (C) attaching a completed Proposed Nominee questionnaire (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Corporation, upon request, to the stockholder providing the notice and shall include all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act, or would be required pursuant to the rules of any national securities exchange on which any securities of the Corporation are listed or over-the-counter market on which any securities of the Corporation are traded) and 
 (ii) certificate executed by the stockholder certifying that such stockholder will 
 (A) comply with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act in connection with such stockholder s solicitation of proxies in support of any Proposed Nominee 
 (B) notify the Corporation as promptly as practicable of any determination by the stockholder to no longer solicit proxies for the election of any Proposed Nominee as a director at the annual meeting 
 (C) furnish such other or additional information as the Corporation may request for the purpose of determining whether the requirements of this Section 11 have been complied with and of evaluating any nomination or other business described in the stockholder s notice and 
 (D) appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate any Proposed Nominees or to bring such business before the meeting, as applicable, and acknowledges that if the stockholder does not so appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate such Proposed Nominees or bring such business before the meeting, as applicable, the Corporation need not bring such Proposed Nominee or such business for a vote at such meeting and any proxies or votes cast in favor of the election of any such Proposed Nominee or of any proposal related to such other business need not be counted or considered. 
 
 9 

(5) Notwithstanding anything in this subsection (a) of this Section 11 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased, and there is no public announcement of such action at least 130 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) for the preceding year s annual meeting, a stockholder s notice required by clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 11 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than 5 00 p.m., Central Time, on the tenth day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
 (6) For purposes of this Section 11, Stockholder Associated Person of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person acting in concert with such stockholder or another Stockholder Associated Person or who is otherwise a participant (as defined in Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act) in the solicitation, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder (other than a stockholder that is a depositary) and (iii) any person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such stockholder or such Stockholder Associated Person. 
 (b) Special Meetings of Stockholders . Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting. No stockholder may make a proposal of other business to be considered at a special meeting or, except as contemplated by and in accordance with the next two sentences of this Section 11(b), nominate an individual for election to the Board of Directors at a special meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected only (1) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors , or (2) provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with Section 3(a) of this Article II for the purpose of electing directors, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting, at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 11 and at the time of the special meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 11. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board of Directors, any stockholder may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a director as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting, if the stockholder s notice, containing the information and certifications required by paragraphs (a)(3) and (4) of this Section 11, is delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 120 th day prior to such special meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Central Time , on the later of the 90 th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting. The postponement or adjournment of a special meeting (or public announcement thereof) shall not commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 (c) General . (1) If any information or certification submitted pursuant to this Section 11 by any stockholder proposing a nominee for election as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders, including any information or certification from a Proposed Nominee, shall be inaccurate in any material respect, such information or certification may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. Any such stockholder shall notify the Corporation of any inaccuracy or change (within two Business Days of becoming aware of such inaccuracy or change) in any such information or certification. Upon written request by the 
 
 10 

secretary or the Board of Directors, any such stockholder or Proposed Nominee shall provide, within five Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), (i) written verification, satisfactory, in the discretion of the Board of Directors or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11, (ii) a written update of any information (including, if requested by the Corporation, written confirmation by such stockholder that it continues to intend to bring such nomination or other business proposal before the meeting and, if applicable, satisfy the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3)) submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11 as of an earlier date and (iii) an updated certification by each Proposed Nominee that such individual will serve as a director of the Corporation if elected. If a stockholder or Proposed Nominee fails to provide such written verification, written update or written certification within such period, the information as to which such written verification, written update or written certification was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. 
 (2) Only such individuals who are nominated in accordance with this Section 11 shall be eligible for election by stockholders as directors, and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 11. A stockholder proposing a Proposed Nominee shall have no right to (i) nominate a number of Proposed Nominees that exceed the number of directors to be elected at the meeting or (ii) substitute or replace any Proposed Nominee unless such substitute or replacement is nominated in accordance with this Section 11 (including the timely provision of all information and certifications with respect to such substitute or replacement Proposed Nominee in accordance with the deadlines set forth in this Section 11). If the Corporation provides notice to a stockholder that the number of Proposed Nominees proposed by such stockholder exceeds the number of directors to be elected at a meeting, the stockholder must provide written notice to the Corporation within five Business Days stating the names of the Proposed Nominees that have been withdrawn so that the number of Proposed Nominees proposed by such stockholder no longer exceeds the number of directors to be elected at a meeting. If any individual who is nominated in accordance with this Section 11 becomes unwilling or unable to serve on the Board of Directors, then the nomination with respect to such individual shall no longer be valid and no votes may validly be cast for such individual. The chair of the meeting shall have the power to determine whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 11. 
 (3) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, the Corporation shall disregard any proxy authority granted in favor of, or votes for, director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees if the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person (each, a Soliciting Stockholder soliciting proxies in support of such director nominees abandons the solicitation or does not (i) comply with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act, including any failure by the Soliciting Stockholder to (A) provide the Corporation with any notices required thereunder in a timely manner or (B) comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) and Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act or (ii) timely provide sufficient evidence in the determination of the Board of Directors sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that such Soliciting Stockholder has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act in accordance with the following sentence. Upon request by the Corporation, a Soliciting Stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five Business Days prior to the applicable meeting, sufficient evidence in the judgment of the Board of Directors that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 (4) For purposes of this Section 11, the date of the proxy statement shall have the same meaning as the date of the company s proxy statement released to shareholders as 
 
 11 

used in Rule 14a-8(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as interpreted by the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. Public announcement shall mean disclosure (A) in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Business Wire, PR Newswire or other widely circulated news or wire service or (B) in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act. 
 (5) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the Exchange Act with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 11. Nothing in this Section 11 shall be deemed to affect any right of a stockholder to request inclusion of a proposal in, or the right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from, any proxy statement filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. Nothing in this Section 11 shall require disclosure of revocable proxies received by, or routine solicitation contacts made by or on behalf of, the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person pursuant to a solicitation of proxies after the filing of a definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 (6) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, except as otherwise determined by the chairman of the meeting, if the stockholder giving notice as provided for in this Section 11 does not appear in person or by proxy at such annual or special meeting to present each nominee for election as a director or the proposed business, as applicable, such matter shall not be considered at the meeting. 
 Section 12. CONTROL SHARE ACQUISITION ACT . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws, Title 3, Subtitle 7 of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or any successor statute (the MGCL ), shall not apply to any acquisition by any person of shares of stock of the Corporation. This section may be repealed, in whole or in part, at any time, whether before or after an acquisition of control shares and, upon such repeal, may, to the extent provided by any successor bylaw, apply to any prior or subsequent control share acquisition. 
 Section 13. STOCKHOLDERS CONSENT IN LIEU OF MEETING . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting if a unanimous consent setting forth the action is given in writing or by electronic transmission by each stockholder entitled to vote on the matter and filed with the minutes of proceedings of the stockholders. 
 Section 14. TELEPHONE AND REMOTE COMMUNICATION MEETINGS . The Board of Directors or chairman of the meeting may permit one or more stockholders to participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment in any manner permitted by Maryland law. In addition, the Board of Directors may determine that a meeting not be held at any place, but instead may be held solely by means of remote communications in any manner permitted by Maryland law. Participation in a meeting by these means constitutes presence in person at the meeting. 
 ARTICLE III 
 DIRECTORS 
 Section 1. GENERAL POWERS . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors. 
 
 12 

Section 2. NUMBER, TENURE AND RESIGNATION . At any regular meeting or at any special meeting called for that purpose, a majority of the entire Board of Directors may establish, increase or decrease the number of directors, provided that the number thereof shall never be less than the minimum number required by the MGCL, nor more than 15, and further provided that the tenure of office of a director shall not be affected by any decrease in the number of directors. Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, the chairman of the board or the secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. 
 Section 3. ANNUAL AND REGULAR MEETINGS . An annual meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of stockholders, no notice other than this Bylaw being necessary. In the event such meeting is not so held, the meeting may be held at such time and place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place of regular meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such resolution. 
 Section 4. SPECIAL MEETINGS . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, the president or a majority of the directors then in office. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix the time and place of any special meeting of the Board of Directors called by them. The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place of special meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such resolution. 
 Section 5. NOTICE . Notice of any special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be delivered personally or by telephone, electronic mail, facsimile transmission, courier or United States mail to each director at his or her business or residence address. Notice by personal delivery, telephone, electronic mail or facsimile transmission shall be given at least 24 hours prior to the meeting. Notice by United States mail shall be given at least three days prior to the meeting. Notice by courier shall be given at least two days prior to the meeting. Telephone notice shall be deemed to be given when the director or his or her agent is personally given such notice in a telephone call to which the director or his or her agent is a party. Electronic mail notice shall be deemed to be given upon transmission of the message to the electronic mail address given to the Corporation by the director. Facsimile transmission notice shall be deemed to be given upon completion of the transmission of the message to the number given to the Corporation by the director and receipt of a completed answer-back indicating receipt. Notice by United States mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail properly addressed, with postage thereon prepaid. Notice by courier shall be deemed to be given when deposited with or delivered to a courier properly addressed. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be stated in the notice, unless specifically required by statute or these Bylaws. 
 Section 6. QUORUM . A majority of the directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, provided that, if less than a majority of such directors is present at such meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice, and provided further that if, pursuant to applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws, the vote of a majority or other percentage of a specified group of directors is required for action, a quorum must also include a majority or such other percentage of such group. 
 
 13 

The directors present at a meeting which has been duly called and at which a quorum has been established may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough directors to leave fewer than required to establish a quorum. 
 Section 7. VOTING . The action of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws. If enough directors have withdrawn from a meeting to leave fewer than required to establish a quorum, but the meeting is not adjourned, the action of the majority of that number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum at such meeting shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws. 
 Section 8. ORGANIZATION . At each meeting of the Board of Directors, the chairman of the board or, in the absence of the chairman, the vice chairman of the board, if any, shall act as chairman of the meeting. In the absence of both the chairman and vice chairman of the board, the chief executive officer or, in the absence of the chief executive officer, the president or, in the absence of the president, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present shall act as chairman of the meeting. The secretary or, in his or her absence, an assistant secretary of the Corporation or, in the absence of the secretary and all assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the chairman of the meeting shall act as secretary of the meeting. 
 Section 9. TELEPHONE MEETINGS . Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 Section 10. CONSENT BY DIRECTORS WITHOUT A MEETING . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each director and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors. 
 Section 11. VACANCIES . If for any reason any or all the directors cease to be directors, such event shall not terminate the Corporation or affect these Bylaws or the powers of the remaining directors hereunder. Except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any vacancy on the Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum. Any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the class in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is duly elected and qualifies. 
 Section 12. COMPENSATION . Directors shall not receive any stated salary for their services as directors but, by resolution of the Board of Directors, may receive compensation per year and or per meeting and or per visit to real property or other facilities owned or leased by the Corporation and for any service or activity they performed or engaged in as directors. Directors may be reimbursed for expenses of attendance, if any, at each annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof and for their expenses, if any, in connection with each property visit and any other service or activity they perform or engage in as directors but nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any directors from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 
 
 14 

Section 13. RELIANCE . Each director and officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties with respect to the Corporation, be entitled to rely on any information, opinion, report or statement, including any financial statement or other financial data, prepared or presented by an officer or employee of the Corporation whom the director or officer reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented, by a lawyer, certified public accountant or other person, as to a matter which the director or officer reasonably believes to be within the person s professional or expert competence, or, with respect to a director, by a committee of the Board of Directors on which the director does not serve, as to a matter within its designated authority, if the director reasonably believes the committee to merit confidence. 
 Section 14. RATIFICATION . The Board of Directors or the stockholders may ratify any action or inaction by the Corporation or its officers to the extent that the Board of Directors or the stockholders could have originally authorized the matter, and if so ratified, shall have the same force and effect as if originally duly authorized, and such ratification shall be binding upon the Corporation and its stockholders. Any action or inaction questioned in any proceeding or any other proceeding on the ground of lack of authority, defective or irregular execution, adverse interest of a director, officer or stockholder, non-disclosure, miscomputation, the application of improper principles or practices of accounting or otherwise, may be ratified, before or after judgment, by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders, and such ratification shall constitute a bar to any claim or execution of any judgment in respect of such questioned action or inaction. 
 Section 15. CERTAIN RIGHTS OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS . Any director or officer, in his or her personal capacity or in a capacity as an affiliate, employee or agent of any other person, or otherwise, may have business interests and engage in business activities similar to, in addition to or in competition with those of or relating to the Corporation. 
 Section 16. EMERGENCY PROVISIONS . Notwithstanding any other provision in the Charter or these Bylaws, this Section 16 shall apply during the existence of any catastrophe, or other similar emergency condition, as a result of which a quorum of the Board of Directors under Article III of these Bylaws cannot readily be obtained (an Emergency ). During any Emergency, unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, (i) a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof may be called by any director or officer by any means feasible under the circumstances (ii) notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors during such an Emergency may be given less than 24 hours prior to the meeting to as many directors and by such means as may be feasible at the time, including publication, television or radio and (iii) the number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum shall be one-third of the entire Board of Director s. 
 ARTICLE IV 
 COMMITTEES 
 Section 1. NUMBER, TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS . The Board of Directors may appoint from among its members an Executive Committee, an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and other committees, composed of one or more directors, to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. In the absence of any member of any such committee, the members thereof present at any meeting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may appoint another director to act in the place of such absent member. 
 Section 2. POWERS . The Board of Directors may delegate to committees appointed under Section 1 of this Article IV any of the powers of the Board of Directors, except as 
 
 15 

prohibited by law. Except as may be otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, any committee may delegate some or all of its power and authority to one or more subcommittees, composed of one or more directors, as the committee deems appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 Section 3. MEETINGS . Notice of committee meetings shall be given in the same manner as notice for special meetings of the Board of Directors. A majority of the members of the committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the committee. The act of a majority of the committee members present at a meeting shall be the act of such committee. The Board of Directors or the members of any committee, by the vote of a majority of the membership of such committee, may designate a chairman of any committee, and such chairman or, in the absence of a chairman, any two members of any committee (if there are at least two members of the committee) may fix the time and place of its meeting unless the Board shall otherwise provide. 
 Section 4. TELEPHONE MEETINGS . Members of a committee of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 Section 5. CONSENT BY COMMITTEES WITHOUT A MEETING . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each member of the committee and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of such committee. 
 Section 6. VACANCIES . Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board of Directors shall have the power at any time to change the membership of any committee, to appoint the chair of any committee, to fill any vacancy, to designate an alternate member to replace any absent or disqualified member or to dissolve any such committee. 
 ARTICLE V 
 OFFICERS 
 Section 1. GENERAL PROVISIONS . The officers of the Corporation shall include a president, a secretary and a treasurer and may include a chairman of the board, a vice chairman of the board, a chief executive officer, one or more vice presidents, a chief operating officer, a chief financial officer, one or more assistant secretaries and one or more assistant treasurers. In addition, the Board of Directors may from time to time elect such other officers with such powers and duties as it shall deem necessary or desirable. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors, except that the chief executive officer or president may from time to time appoint one or more vice presidents, assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers or other officers. Each officer shall serve until his or her successor is elected and qualifies or until his or her death, or his or her resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter provided. Any two or more offices except president and vice president may be held by the same person. Election of an officer or agent shall not of itself create contract rights between the Corporation and such officer or agent. 
 Section 2. REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION . Any officer or agent of the Corporation may be removed, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors if in its judgment the best interests of the Corporation would be served thereby, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. Any officer of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, the chairman of the 
 
 16 

board, the chief executive officer, the president or the secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. Such resignation shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the Corporation. 
 Section 3. VACANCIES . A vacancy in any office may be filled by the Board of Directors for the balance of the term. 
 Section 4. CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD . The Board of Directors may designate from among its members a chairman of the board, who shall not, solely by reason of these Bylaws, be an officer of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate the chairman of the board as an executive or non-executive chairman. The chairman of the board shall preside over the meetings of the Board of Directors. The chairman of the board shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors. 
 Section 5. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER . The Board of Directors may designate a chief executive officer. In the absence of such designation, the chairman of the board shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation. The chief executive officer shall have general responsibility for implementation of the policies of the Corporation, as determined by the Board of Directors, and for the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of chief executive officer and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 
 Section 6. CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER . The Board of Directors may designate a chief operating officer. The chief operating officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer. 
 Section 7. CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER . The Board of Directors may designate a chief financial officer. The chief financial officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer. 
 Section 8. PRESIDENT . In the absence of a chief executive officer, the president shall in general supervise and control all of the business and affairs of the Corporation. In the absence of a designation of a chief operating officer by the Board of Directors, the president shall be the chief operating officer. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of president and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 
 Section 9. VICE PRESIDENTS . In the absence of the president or in the event of a vacancy in such office, the vice president (or in the event there be more than one vice president, the vice presidents in the order designated at the time of their election or, in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform the duties of the president and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the president and shall perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to such vice president by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one 
 
 17 

or more vice presidents as executive vice president, senior vice president or vice president for particular areas of responsibility. 
 Section 10. SECRETARY . The secretary shall (a) keep the minutes of the proceedings of the stockholders, the Board of Directors and committees of the Board of Directors in one or more books provided for that purpose (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law (c) be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal of the Corporation (d) keep a register of the post office address of each stockholder which shall be furnished to the secretary by such stockholder (e) have general charge of the stock transfer books of the Corporation and (f) in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. 
 Section 11. TREASURER . The treasurer shall have the custody of the funds and securities of the Corporation, shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation, shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors and in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. In the absence of a designation of a chief financial officer by the Board of Directors, the treasurer shall be the chief financial officer of the Corporation. 
 The treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the president and Board of Directors, at the regular meetings of the Board of Directors or whenever it may so require, an account of all his or her transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. 
 Section 12. ASSISTANT SECRETARIES AND ASSISTANT TREASURERS . The assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers, in general, shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them by the secretary or treasurer, respectively, or by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. 
 Section 13. COMPENSATION . The compensation of the officers shall be fixed from time to time by or under the authority of the Board of Directors and no officer shall be prevented from receiving such compensation by reason of the fact that he or she is also a director. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 CONTRACTS, CHECKS AND DEPOSITS 
 Section 1. CONTRACTS . The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or agent to enter into any contract or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Any agreement, deed, mortgage, lease or other document shall be valid and binding upon the Corporation when duly authorized or ratified by action of the Board of Directors and executed by an authorized person. 
 Section 2. CHECKS AND DRAFTS . All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or agent of the Corporation in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 
 18 

Section 3. DEPOSITS . All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited or invested from time to time to the credit of the Corporation as the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, the president, the chief financial officer or any other officer designated by the Board of Directors may determine. 
 ARTICLE VII 
 STOCK 
 Section 1. CERTIFICATES . Except as may be otherwise provided by the Board of Directors or any officer of the Corporation, stockholders of the Corporation are not entitled to certificates representing the shares of stock held by them. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock represented by certificates, such certificates shall be in such form as prescribed by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized officer, shall contain the statements and information required by the MGCL and shall be signed by the officers of the Corporation in any manner permitted by the MGCL. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock without certificates, to the extent then required by the MGCL, the Corporation shall provide to the record holders of such shares a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates. There shall be no differences in the rights and obligations of stockholders based on whether or not their shares are represented by certificates. 
 Section 2. TRANSFERS . All transfers of shares of stock shall be made on the books of the Corporation, by the holder of the shares, in person or by his or her attorney, in such manner as the Board of Directors or any officer of the Corporation may prescribe and, if such shares are certificated, upon surrender of certificates duly endorsed. The issuance of a new certificate upon the transfer of certificated shares is subject to the determination of the Board of Directors or an officer of the Corporation that such shares shall no longer be represented by certificates. Upon the transfer of any uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall provide to the record holders of such shares, to the extent then required by the MGCL, a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates. 
 The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share of stock as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise expressly provided by the laws of the State of Maryland. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, transfers of shares of any class or series of stock will be subject in all respects to the Charter and all of the terms and conditions contained therein. 
 Section 3. REPLACEMENT CERTIFICATE . Any officer of the Corporation may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate to be lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated provided, however, if such shares have ceased to be certificated, no new certificate shall be issued unless requested in writing by such stockholder and the Board of Directors or an officer of the Corporation has determined that such certificates may be issued. Unless otherwise determined by an officer of the Corporation, the owner of such lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated certificate or certificates, or his or her legal representative, shall be required, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, to give the Corporation a bond in such sums as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation. 
 
 19 

Section 4. FIXING OF RECORD DATE . The Board of Directors may set, in advance, a record date for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or determining stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any other rights, or in order to make a determination of stockholders for any other proper purpose. Such date, in any case, shall not be prior to the close of business on the day the record date is fixed and shall be not more than 90 days and, in the case of a meeting of stockholders, not less than ten days, before the date on which the meeting or particular action requiring such determination of stockholders of record is to be held or taken. 
 When a record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders has been set as provided in this section, such record date shall continue to apply to the meeting if postponed or adjourned, except if the meeting is postponed or adjourned to a date more than 120 days after the record date originally fixed for the meeting, in which case a new record date for such meeting shall be determined as set forth herein. 
 Section 5. STOCK LEDGER . The Corporation shall maintain at its principal office or at the office of its counsel, accountants or transfer agent, an original or duplicate stock ledger containing the name and address of each stockholder and the number of shares of each class held by such stockholder. 
 Section 6. FRACTIONAL STOCK ISSUANCE OF UNITS . The Board of Directors may authorize the Corporation to issue fractional shares of stock or authorize the issuance of scrip, all on such terms and under such conditions as it may determine. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of units consisting of different securities of the Corporation. Any security issued in a unit shall have the same characteristics as any identical securities issued by the Corporation, except that the Board of Directors may provide that for a specified period securities of the Corporation issued in such unit may be transferred on the books of the Corporation only in such unit. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 ACCOUNTING YEAR 
 The Board of Directors shall have the power, from time to time, to fix the fiscal year of the Corporation by a duly adopted resolution. 
 ARTICLE IX 
 DISTRIBUTIONS 
 Section 1. AUTHORIZATION . Dividends and other distributions upon the stock of the Corporation may be authorized by the Board of Directors, subject to the provisions of law and the Charter. Dividends and other distributions may be paid in cash, property or stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of law and the Charter. 
 Section 2. CONTINGENCIES . Before payment of any dividend or other distribution, there may be set aside out of any assets of the Corporation available for dividends or other distributions such sum or sums as the Board of Directors may from time to time, in its absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve fund for contingencies, for equalizing dividends or other distributions, for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation or for such other purpose 
 
 20 

as the Board of Directors shall determine, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve. 
 ARTICLE X 
 INVESTMENT POLICY 
 Subject to the provisions of the Charter, the Board of Directors may from time to time adopt, amend, revise or terminate any policy or policies with respect to investments by the Corporation as it shall deem appropriate in its sole discretion. 
 ARTICLE XI 
 SEAL 
 Section 1. SEAL . The Board of Directors may authorize the adoption of a seal by the Corporation. The seal shall contain the name of the Corporation and the year of its incorporation and the words Incorporated Maryland. The Board of Directors may authorize one or more duplicate seals and provide for the custody thereof. 
 Section 2. AFFIXING SEAL . Whenever the Corporation is permitted or required to affix its seal to a document, it shall be sufficient to meet the requirements of any law, rule or regulation relating to a seal to place the word (SEAL) adjacent to the signature of the person authorized to execute the document on behalf of the Corporation. 
 ARTICLE XII 
 INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCE OF EXPENSES 
 To the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, the Corporation shall indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, shall pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to (a) any individual who is a present or former director or officer of the Corporation and who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity or (b) any individual who, while a director or officer of the Corporation and at the request of the Corporation, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner, member, manager or trustee of another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or any other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The rights to indemnification and advance of expenses provided by the Charter and these Bylaws shall vest immediately upon election of a director or officer. The Corporation may, with the approval of the Board of Directors, provide such indemnification and advance for expenses to an individual who served a predecessor of the Corporation in any of the capacities described in (a) or (b) above and to any employee or agent of the Corporation or a predecessor of the Corporation. The indemnification and payment or reimbursement of expenses provided in these Bylaws shall not be deemed exclusive of or limit in any way other rights to which any person seeking indemnification or payment or reimbursement of expenses may be or may become entitled under any bylaw, resolution, insurance, agreement or otherwise. 
 Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article XII, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws inconsistent with this Article XII, shall apply to 
 
 21 

or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding paragraph of this Article XII with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. 
 ARTICLE XIII 
 WAIVER OF NOTICE 
 Whenever any notice of a meeting is required to be given pursuant to the Charter or these Bylaws or pursuant to applicable law, a waiver thereof in writing or by electronic transmission, given by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any meeting need be set forth in the waiver of notice of such meeting, unless specifically required by statute. The attendance of any person at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting has not been lawfully called or convened. 
 ARTICLE XIV 
 EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LITIGATION 
 
 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or to the stockholders of the Corporation, (c) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL, the Charter or these Bylaws, or (d) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 ARTICLE XV 
 AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS 
 The Board of Directors shall have the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of these Bylaws and to make new Bylaws. 
 
 22 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211-12312022.htm
 EX-21.1 - LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Formation 
 1560 Downing LLC Delaware 1620 Central LLC Delaware 355 Trimble Owner LLC Delaware 455 Trimble Owner LLC Delaware Champa Street Lofts, LLC Delaware Detroit Street Denver LLC Delaware Highlands Property Management, LLC Delaware HRI Vue Venture LLC Delaware IA New Ulm Atlas, L.L.C. Delaware IA Orlando Palazzo, L.L.C. Delaware IA St. Paul Atlas, L.L.C. Delaware IVT PPD Hudson Associates, L.L.C. Delaware MB Bloomsburg Buckhorn LLC Delaware MB Columbus Hilliard, L.L.C. Delaware MB Evanston Sherman, L.L.C. Delaware MB Lincoln Mall, L.L.C. Delaware MB REIT (Florida), Inc. Florida Tennyson 44 Owner LLC Delaware The Lafayette Denver, LLC Delaware The Muse Owner LLC Delaware The Sterling Owner LLC Delaware The View Owner LLC Delaware Trimble-Junction Ventures, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231-12312022.htm
 EX-23.1 - CONSENT OF AUDITOR

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our report dated March 15, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Highlands REIT, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statement of Highlands REIT, Inc. on Form S-8 (File No. 333-258767). 
 
 Chicago, Illinois March 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311-12312022.htm
 EX-31.1 - CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Richard Vance, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Highlands REIT, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date 
 March 15, 2023 s Richard Vance 
 Name Richard Vance 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312-12312022.htm
 EX-31.2 - CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Kimberly A. Karas, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Highlands REIT, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date 
 March 15, 2023 s Kimberly A. Karas 
 Name Kimberly A. Karas 
 Title Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321-12312022.htm
 EX-32.1 - CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Highlands REIT, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to such officer s knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date 
 March 15, 2023 s Richard Vance 
 Name Richard Vance 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as a part of the Report or on a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit322-12312022.htm
 EX-32.2 - CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Highlands REIT, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to such officer s knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date 
 March 15, 2023 s Kimberly A. Karas 
 Name Kimberly A. Karas 
 Title Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as a part of the Report or on a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 hri-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 hri-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 hri-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 hri-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 hri-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

