<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1379785_0001379785-23-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>88006507</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>584898</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5666857</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>23305199</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>23916431</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>33812294</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001379785-23-000012.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223162752
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001379785-23-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Barings BDC, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001379785
		IRS NUMBER:				061798488
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00733
		FILM NUMBER:		23660085

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 SOUTH TRYON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2500
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(704) 805-7200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 SOUTH TRYON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2500
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Triangle Capital CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001379785-23-000012.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 bbdc-20221231.htm
 10-K

bbdc-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. R No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes R 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). R No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 I ndicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (assuming solely for the purpose of this disclosure that all executive officers, directors and 10 or more stockholders of the registrant are affiliates as of June 30, 2022, based on the closing price on that date of 9.31 on the New York Stock Exchange, was . 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock on February 23, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

BARINGS BDC, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 36 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 70 
 Item 2. Properties 
 70 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 70 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 70 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 71 
 Item 6. [ Reserved ] 
 77 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 77 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 104 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 104 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 104 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 104 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 105 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 106 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 107 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 107 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 107 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 107 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 107 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 108 
 Signatures 
 112 
 Exhibits 
 
 2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Some of the statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. Forward-looking statements may include, among other things, statements as to our future operating results, our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies, the impact of the investments that we expect to make, the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives, our expected financings and investments, the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital, and the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies. Words such as expect, anticipate, target, goals, project, intend, plan, believe, seek, estimate, continue, forecast, may, should, potential, variations of such words, and similar expressions indicate a forward-looking statement, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. Readers are cautioned that the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are only predictions, are not guarantees of future performance, and are subject to risks, events, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the items discussed in Item 1A entitled Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in Item 1A entitled Risk Factors in Part II of our subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or in other reports we may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC from time to time. Other factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially include, but are not limited to, changes in political, economic or industry conditions, including the risks of a slowing economy, rising inflation and risk of recession; the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets; the impact of global health crises, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, on our or our portfolio companies business and the U.S. and global economies; our, or our portfolio companies , future business, operations, operating results or prospects; risks associated with possible disruption due to terrorism in our operations or the economy generally; and future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in our or our portfolio companies operating areas. 
 Any forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts, information and projections about the industry in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless we are required to do so by law. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the SEC, including subsequent annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

3 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Organization 
 We are a Maryland corporation incorporated on October 10, 2006. We currently operate as a closed-end, non-diversified investment company and have elected to be treated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). We have elected for federal income tax purposes to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a regulated investment company RIC under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), for tax purposes. 
 Our headquarters are in Charlotte, North Carolina, and our Internet address is www.baringsbdc.com. We are not including the information contained on our website as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available free of charge through our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Copies of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports are also available without charge upon written request to us. 
 The Asset Sale and Externalization Transactions 
 In April 2018, we entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement ), with BSP Asset Acquisition I, LLC (the Asset Buyer ), an affiliate of Benefit Street Partners L.L.C., pursuant to which we agreed to sell our December 31, 2017 investment portfolio to the Asset Buyer for gross proceeds of 981.2 million in cash, subject to certain adjustments to take into account portfolio activity and other matters occurring since December 31, 2017 (such transaction referred to herein as the Asset Sale Transaction ). Also in April 2018, we entered into a stock purchase and transaction agreement (the Externalization Agreement ), with Barings LLC Barings through which Barings agreed to become our investment adviser in exchange for (1) a payment by Barings of 85.0 million, or approximately 1.78 per share, directly to our stockholders, (2) an investment by Barings of 100.0 million in newly issued shares of our common stock at net asset value and (3) a commitment from Barings to purchase up to 50.0 million of shares of our common stock in the open market at prices up to and including our then-current net asset value per share for a two-year period, after which Barings agreed to use any remaining funds from the 50.0 million to purchase additional newly-issued shares of our common stock at the greater of our then-current net asset value per share or market price (collectively, the Externalization Transaction ). The Asset Sale Transaction and the Externalization Transaction are collectively referred to as the Transactions. The Transactions were approved by our stockholders at our July 24, 2018 special meeting of stockholders (the 2018 Special Meeting ). 
 The Externalization Transaction closed on August 2, 2018 (the Externalization Closing ). Effective as of the Externalization Closing, we changed our name from Triangle Capital Corporation to Barings BDC, Inc. and on August 3, 2018, began trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol BBDC. 
 Our former wholly-owned subsidiaries, Triangle Mezzanine Fund LLLP Triangle SBIC ), Triangle Mezzanine Fund II LP Triangle SBIC II ), and Triangle Mezzanine Fund III LP Triangle SBIC III ), were specialty finance limited partnerships that were formed to make investments primarily in lower middle-market companies located throughout the United States. Each of Triangle SBIC, Triangle SBIC II and Triangle SBIC III held licenses to operate as Small Business Investment Companies SBICs ), under the authority of the United States Small Business Administration SBA ). In connection with the closing of the Asset Sale Transaction, we repaid all of our outstanding SBA-guaranteed debentures and surrendered the SBIC licenses held by Triangle SBIC, Triangle SBIC II, and Triangle SBIC III. Triangle SBIC, Triangle SBIC II, and Triangle SBIC III were dissolved during the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 Prior to the Externalization Transaction, we were internally managed by our executive officers under the supervision of our Board of Directors (the Board ). During this period, we did not pay management or advisory fees, but instead incurred the operating costs associated with employing executive management and investment and portfolio management professionals. In connection with the closing of the Externalization Transaction, we entered 
 4 

into an investment advisory agreement (the Original Advisory Agreement and an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement with Barings, pursuant to which Barings serves as our investment adviser and administrator and manages our investment portfolio which initially consisted primarily of the cash proceeds received in connection with the Asset Sale Transaction. 
 MVC Capital, Inc. Acquisition 
 On December 23, 2020 we completed our acquisition of MVC Capital, Inc., a Delaware corporation MVC (the MVC Acquisition pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the MVC Merger Agreement ), dated as of August 10, 2020, with MVC, Mustang Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary MVC Acquisition Sub ), and Barings. To effect the acquisition, MVC Acquisition Sub merged with and into MVC, with MVC surviving the merger as our wholly owned subsidiary (the First MVC Merger ). Immediately thereafter, MVC merged with and into us, with us as the surviving company (the Second MVC Merger and, together with the First MVC Merger, the MVC Merger ). 
 Pursuant to the MVC Merger Agreement, MVC stockholders received the right to the following merger consideration in exchange for each share of MVC common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the First MVC Merger (other than shares of MVC common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the First MVC Merger that were held by a subsidiary of MVC or held, directly or indirectly, by us or MVC Acquisition Sub), in accordance with the MVC Merger Agreement: (i) an amount in cash from Barings, without interest, equal to 0.39492, and (ii) 0.9790836 shares of our common stock, which ratio gave effect to the Euro-dollar exchange rate adjustment mechanism in the MVC Merger Agreement, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares. We issued approximately 17,354,332 shares of our common stock to MVC s then-existing stockholders in connection with the MVC Merger, thereby resulting in our then-existing stockholders owning approximately 73.4 of the combined company and MVC's then-existing stockholders owning approximately 26.6 of the combined company. 
 In connection with the MVC Merger, we committed to make open-market purchases of shares of our common stock in an aggregate amount of up to 15.0 million at then-current market prices at any time shares trade below 90 of our then most recently disclosed net asset value per share. Any repurchases pursuant to the authorized program occurred during the 12-month period that commenced upon the filing of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, which occurred on May 6, 2021, and were made in accordance with applicable legal, regulatory and contractual requirements, including covenants under our senior secured credit facility with ING Capital LLC initially entered into in February 2019 (as amended, restated and otherwise modified from time to time, the February 2019 Credit Facility ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased a total of 207,677 shares of common stock in the open market under the authorized program at an average price of 10.14 per share, including broker commissions. The MVC repurchase program terminated on May 6, 2022. 
 In connection with the MVC Acquisition on December 23, 2020, following the closing of the MVC Merger, we entered into an amended and restated investment advisory agreement (the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement with Barings, effective January 1, 2021, which amended the Original Advisory Agreement to, among other things, (i) reduce the annual base management fee payable to Barings from 1.375 to 1.250 of our gross assets, (ii) reset the commencement date for the rolling 12-quarter look-back provision used to calculate the income incentive fee and incentive fee cap to January 1, 2021 from January 1, 2020 and (iii) describe the fact that we may enter into guarantees, sureties and other credit support arrangements with respect to one or more of our investments, including the impact of these arrangements on the income incentive fee cap. See Management Agreements Investment Advisory Agreement in this Item 1 of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 In connection with the MVC Acquisition on December 23, 2020, promptly following the closing of the MVC Merger, we entered into a Credit Support Agreement (the MVC Credit Support Agreement with Barings, pursuant to which Barings has agreed to provide credit support to us in the amount of up to 23.0 million relating to the net cumulative realized and unrealized losses on the acquired MVC investment portfolio over a 10-year period. The MVC Credit Support Agreement is intended to give stockholders of the combined company downside protection from net cumulative realized and unrealized losses on the acquired MVC portfolio and insulate the 
 5 

combined company s stockholders from potential value volatility and losses in MVC s portfolio following the closing of the MVC Merger. There is no fee or other payment by us to Barings or any of its affiliates in connection with the MVC Credit Support Agreement. Any cash payment from Barings to us under the MVC Credit Support Agreement will be excluded from the incentive fee calculations under the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement. See Note 2 . Agreements and Related Party Transactions and Note. 6 Derivative Instruments in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 Sierra Income Corporation Acquisition 
 On February 25, 2022, we completed our acquisition of Sierra Income Corporation, a Maryland corporation Sierra ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Sierra Merger Agreement ), dated as of September 21, 2021, with Sierra, Mercury Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Maryland corporation and our direct wholly owned subsidiary Sierra Acquisition Sub ), and Barings. To effect the acquisition, Sierra Acquisition Sub merged with and into Sierra, with Sierra surviving the merger as our wholly owned subsidiary (the First Sierra Merger ). Immediately thereafter, Sierra merged with and into us, with Barings BDC, Inc. as the surviving company (the Second Sierra Merger and, together with the First Sierra Merger, the Sierra Merger ). 
 Pursuant to the Sierra Merger Agreement, each share of Sierra common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Sierra Common Stock ), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the First Sierra Merger (other than shares of Sierra Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the First Sierra Merger that were held by a subsidiary of Sierra or held, directly or indirectly, by us or Sierra Acquisition Sub) was converted into the right to receive (i) an amount in cash from Barings, without interest, equal to 0.9783641, and (ii) 0.44973 shares of our common stock, plus any cash in lieu of fractional shares. As a result of the Sierra Merger, former Sierra stockholders received approximately 46.0 million shares of our common stock for their shares of Sierra Common Stock. 
 In connection with the Sierra Merger, on February 25, 2022, following the closing of the Sierra Merger, we entered into (1) a second amended and restated investment advisory agreement with Barings (the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement ), and (2) a credit support agreement (the Sierra Credit Support Agreement with Barings, pursuant to which Barings has agreed to provide credit support to us in the amount of up to 100.0 million relating to the net cumulative realized and unrealized losses on the acquired Sierra investment portfolio over a 10-year period. See Note 2. Agreements and Related Party Transactions and Note. 6 Derivative Instruments in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10K for more information. 
 In addition, in connection with the Sierra Merger, we committed to make open-market purchases of shares of our common stock, pursuant to Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and subject to our compliance with our covenant and regulatory requirements, in an aggregate amount of up to 30.0 million at then-current market prices at any time the shares of our common stock trade below 90 of our then-most recently disclosed net asset value per share during the 12-month period commencing on April 1, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had repurchased the maximum amount of 30.0 million of common stock authorized under the Sierra share repurchase program. In total under the Sierra share repurchase program, we repurchased a total of 3,179,168 shares of common stock in the open market under the authorized program at an average price of 9.44 per share, including broker commissions. 
 6 

7 

8 

Investments 
 Debt Investments 
 The terms of our directly originated debt investments in middle market companies are tailored to the facts and circumstances of each transaction and prospective portfolio company, negotiating a structure that seeks to protect lender rights and manage risk while creating incentives for the portfolio company to achieve its business plan. We also seek to limit the downside risks of our investments by negotiating covenants that are designed to protect our investments while affording our portfolio companies as much flexibility in managing their businesses as possible. Such restrictions may include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protections, change of control provisions, put rights and a pledge of the operating companies stock which provides us with additional exit options in downside scenarios. Other lending protections may include term loan amortization, excess cash flow sweeps (effectively additional term loan amortization), limitations on a company s ability to make acquisitions, maximums on capital expenditures and limits on allowable dividends and distributions. Further, up-front closing fees of typically 1-3 of the loan amount act effectively as pre-payment protection given the cost to a company to refinance early. Additionally, we will typically include call protection provisions effective for the first six to twelve months of an investment to enhance our potential total return. 
 We invest in predominately senior secured private debt investments in, well-established middle-market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries. Senior secured private debt investments are negotiated directly with the borrower, rather than marketed by a third party or bought and sold in the secondary market. We believe that negotiated senior secured private debt investments may offer higher returns and certain more favorable protections than syndicated senior secured loans. Fees generated in connection with our debt investments are recognized over the life of the loan using the effective interest method or, in some cases, recognized as earned. We invest primarily in loans that have terms of between five and seven years, and bear interest at rates ranging from LIBOR (or an applicable successor rate) plus 450 basis points to LIBOR plus 650 basis points per annum. 
 Equity Investments 
 On a limited basis, we may acquire equity interests in portfolio companies. In such cases, we generally seek to structure our equity investments as non-control investments that provide us with minority rights. 
 9 

Investment Criteria 
 We utilize the following criteria and guidelines in evaluating investment opportunities in middle market companies. However, not all of these criteria and guidelines have been, or will be, met in connection with each of our investments. 
 Established Companies With Positive Cash Flow. We seek to invest in later-stage or mature companies with a proven history of generating positive cash flows. We typically focus on companies with a history of profitability and trailing twelve-month Adjusted EBITDA ranging from 10.0 million to 75.0 million. 
 Experienced Management Teams. Based on our prior investment experience, we believe that a management team with significant experience with a portfolio company or relevant industry experience is essential to the long-term success of the portfolio company. We believe management teams with these attributes are more likely to manage the companies in a manner that protects our debt investment. 
 Strong Competitive Position. We seek to invest in companies that have developed strong positions within their respective markets, are well positioned to capitalize on growth opportunities and compete in industries with barriers to entry. We also seek to invest in companies that exhibit a competitive advantage, which may help to protect their market position and profitability. 
 Varied Customer and Supplier Bases. We prefer to invest in companies that have varied customer and supplier bases. Companies with varied customer and supplier bases are generally better able to endure economic downturns, industry consolidation and shifting customer preferences. 
 Significant Invested Capital. We believe the existence of significant underlying equity value provides important support to investments. We seek to identify portfolio companies that we believe have well-structured capital beyond the layer of the capital structure in which we invest. 
 Investment Process 
 Our investment origination and portfolio monitoring activities for middle-market companies are performed by Barings GPFG. The Investment Committee at Barings GPFG is responsible for all aspects of our investment process for investments in middle-market companies; however, other investment committees within Barings are primarily responsible for the investment process for our opportunistic investments in special situations, structured credit (e.g., private asset-backed securities), high-yield investments and mortgage securities. Each of Barings investment processes is designed to maximize risk-adjusted returns, minimize non-performing assets and avoid investment losses. In addition, the investment process is also designed to provide sponsors and/or prospective portfolio companies with efficient and predictable deal execution. 
 10 

Origination 
 Barings GPFG s typical origination process for investments in middle-market companies is summarized in the following chart: 
 
 Investment Pre-Screen 
 The investment pre-screen process typically begins with a review of an offering memorandum or other high-level prospect information by an investment originator. A fundamental bottoms-up credit analysis is prepared and independent third-party research is gathered in addition to the information received from the sponsor. The investment group focuses on a prospective investment s fundamentals, sponsor/source and proposed investment structure. This review may be followed by a discussion between the investment originator and an investment group head to identify investment opportunities that should be passed on, either because they fall outside of Barings GPFG s stated investment strategy or offer an unacceptable risk-adjusted return. If the originator and investment group head agree that an investment opportunity is worth pursuing, a credit analyst assists the originator with preparation of a screening memorandum. The screening memorandum is typically discussed internally with the investment group head and other senior members of the investment group, and in certain instances, the investment group head may elect to review the screening memorandum with the investment committee prior to the preliminary investment proposal. 
 Preliminary Investment Proposal 
 Following the screening memorandum discussion, if the decision is made by the investment group head to pursue an investment opportunity, key pricing and structure terms may be communicated to the prospective borrower verbally or via a non-binding standard preliminary term sheet in order to determine whether the proposed terms are competitive. 
 Investment Approval 
 Upon acceptance by a sponsor/prospective borrower of preliminary key pricing and structure terms, the investment process continues with formal due diligence. The investment team typically attends meetings with the prospective portfolio company s management, reviews historical and forecasted financial information and third- 
 11 

party diligence reports, conducts research to support preparation of proprietary financial models including both base case and downside scenarios, valuation analyses, and ultimately, an underwriting memorandum for review by the investment committee. A majority of the votes cast at a meeting at which a majority of the members of the Investment Committee is present is required to approve all investments in new middle-market portfolio companies. 
 Commitment Letter 
 For investments that require written confirmation of commitment, commitment letters are typically reviewed by Barings GPFG s internal legal team or outside counsel. Commitment letters typically include customary conditions as well as any conditions specified by the investment committee. Such conditions could include, but are not limited to, specific confirmatory due diligence, minimum pre-close Adjusted EBITDA, minimum capitalization, satisfactory documentation, satisfactory legal due diligence and absence of material adverse change. Unless specified by the investment committee as a condition to approval, commitment letters need not include final investment committee approval as a condition precedent. 
 Documentation 
 Once an investment opportunity has been approved, negotiation of definitive legal documents occurs, usually simultaneously with completion of any third-party confirmatory due diligence. Typically, legal documentation will be reviewed by Barings GPFG s internal legal team or by outside legal counsel to ensure that our security interest can be perfected and that all other terms of the definitive loan documents are consistent with the terms approved by the investment committee. 
 Closing 
 A closing memorandum is provided to the investment committee. The closing memorandum addresses final investment structure and pricing terms, the sources and uses of funds, any variances from the original approved terms, an update related to the prospect s financial performance and, if warranted, updates to internal financial models. The closing memorandum also addresses each of the specific conditions to the approval of the investment by the investment committee, including results of confirmatory due diligence with any exceptions or abnormalities highlighted, and includes an analysis of financial covenants with a comparison to the financial forecast prepared by management. 
 Portfolio Management and Investment Monitoring 
 Our portfolio management and investment monitoring processes are overseen by Barings. Barings portfolio management process is designed to maximize risk-adjusted returns and identify non-performing assets well in advance of potentially adverse events in order to mitigate investment losses. Key aspects of the Barings investment and portfolio management process include: 
 Culture of Risk Management. The investment team that approves an investment monitors the investment s performance through repayment. We believe this practice encourages accountability by connecting investment team members with the long-term performance of the investment. This also allows us to leverage the underwriting process, namely the comprehensive understanding of the risk factors associated with the investment that an investment team develops during underwriting. In addition, we seek to foster continuous interaction between investment teams and the investment committee. This frequent communication encourages the early escalation of issues to members of the investment committee to leverage their experience and expertise well in advance of potentially adverse events. 
 Ongoing Monitoring. Each portfolio company is assigned to an analyst who is responsible for the ongoing monitoring of the investment. Upon receipt of information (financial or otherwise) relating to an investment, a preliminary review is performed by the analyst in order to assess whether the information raises any issues that require increased attention. Particular consideration is given to information which may impact the value of an asset. In the event that something material is identified, the analyst is responsible for notifying the relevant members of the deal team and investment committee. 
 12 

Quarterly Portfolio Reviews. All investments are reviewed on at least a quarterly basis. The quarterly portfolio reviews provide a forum to evaluate the current status of each asset and identify any recent or long-term performance trends, either positive or negative, that may affect its current valuation. 
 Focus Credit List Reviews. Certain credits are deemed to be on the Focus Credit List , or a list of similar meaning and are typically reviewed on a more frequent basis. During these reviews, the investment team provides an update on the situation and discusses potential courses of action with the investment committee to ensure any mitigating steps are taken in a timely manner. 
 Sponsor Relationships. For middle-market loans, we invest primarily in transactions backed by a private equity sponsor and when evaluating investment opportunities, we take into account the strength of the sponsor (e.g., track record, sector expertise, strategy, governance, follow-on investment capacity, relationship with Barings GPFG). Having a strong relationship and staying in close contact with sponsors and management during not only the underwriting process but also throughout the life of the investment allows us to engage the sponsor and management early to address potential covenant breaks or other issues. 
 Robust Investment and Portfolio Management System. Barings investment and portfolio management system serves as the central repository of data used for investment management, including both company-level metrics (e.g., probability of default, Adjusted EBITDA, geography) and asset-level metrics (e.g., price, spread/coupon, seniority). Barings portfolio management has established a set of data that analysts must update quarterly, or more frequently when appropriate, in order to produce a one-page summary for each company, which are used during quarterly portfolio reviews. 
 Valuation Process and Determination of Net Asset Value 
 The most significant estimate inherent in the preparation of our financial statements is the valuation of investments and the related amounts of unrealized appreciation and depreciation of investments recorded. We have a valuation policy, as well as established and documented processes and methodologies for determining the fair values of portfolio company investments on a recurring (at least quarterly) basis in accordance with the 1940 Act and FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC Topic 820 ). Our current valuation policy and processes were established by Barings and were approved by the Board. 
 Under ASC Topic 820, fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between a willing buyer and a willing seller at the measurement date. For our portfolio securities, fair value is generally the amount that we might reasonably expect to receive upon the current sale of the security. The fair value measurement assumes that the sale occurs in the principal market for the security, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the security. If no market for the security exists or if we do not have access to the principal market, the security should be valued based on the sale occurring in a hypothetical market. 
 Under ASC Topic 820, there are three levels of valuation inputs, as follows: 
 Level 1 Inputs include quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2 Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 
 Level 3 Inputs include inputs that are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. 
 A financial instrument is categorized within the ASC Topic 820 valuation hierarchy based upon the lowest level of input to the valuation process that is significant to the fair value measurement. For example, a Level 3 fair value measurement may include inputs that are observable (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable (Level 3). Therefore, unrealized appreciation and depreciation related to such investments categorized as Level 3 investments within the tables in the notes to our consolidated financial statements may include changes in fair value that are attributable to both observable inputs (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable inputs (Level 3). 
 13 

Our investment portfolio includes certain debt and equity instruments of privately held companies for which quoted prices or other observable inputs falling within the categories of Level 1 and Level 2 are generally not available. In such cases, the Adviser determines the fair value of our investments in good faith primarily using Level 3 inputs. In certain cases, quoted prices or other observable inputs exist, and if so, the Adviser assesses the appropriateness of the use of these third-party quotes in determining fair value based on (i) its understanding of the level of actual transactions used by the broker to develop the quote and whether the quote was an indicative price or binding offer and (ii) the depth and consistency of broker quotes and the correlation of changes in broker quotes with underlying performance of the portfolio company. 
 There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith, as fair value depends upon the specific circumstances of each individual investment. The recorded fair values of our Level 3 investments may differ significantly from fair values that would have been used had an active market for the securities existed. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the valuations currently assigned. For a discussion of the risks inherent in determining the value of securities for which readily available market values do not exist, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure Our investment portfolio is and will continue to be recorded at fair value as determined in accordance with the Adviser s valuation policies and procedures and, as a result, there is and will continue to be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments included in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Investment Valuation Process 
 The Board must determine fair value in good faith for any or all of our investments for which market quotations are not readily available. The Board has designated Barings as valuation designee to perform the fair value determinations relating to the value of these assets. Barings has established a pricing committee that is, subject to the oversight of the Board, responsible for the approval, implementation and oversight of the processes and methodologies that relate to the pricing and valuation of assets we hold. Barings uses independent third-party providers to price the portfolio, but in the event an acceptable price cannot be obtained from an approved external source, Barings will utilize alternative methods in accordance with internal pricing procedures established by Barings pricing committee. 
 At least annually, Barings conducts reviews of the primary pricing vendors to validate that the inputs used in the vendors pricing process are deemed to be market observable. While Barings is not provided access to proprietary models of the vendors, the reviews have included on-site walkthroughs of the pricing process, methodologies and control procedures for each asset class and level for which prices are provided. The review also includes an examination of the underlying inputs and assumptions for a sample of individual securities across asset classes, credit rating levels and various durations, a process Barings continues to perform annually. In addition, the pricing vendors have an established challenge process in place for all security valuations, which facilitates identification and resolution of prices that fall outside expected ranges. Barings believes that the prices received from the pricing vendors are representative of prices that would be received to sell the assets at the measurement date (i.e. exit prices). 
 Our money market fund investments are generally valued using Level 1 inputs and our equity investments listed on an exchange or on the NASDAQ National Market System are valued using Level 1 inputs, using the last quoted sale price of that day. Our syndicated senior secured loans and structured product investments are generally valued using Level 2 inputs, which are generally valued at the bid quotation obtained from dealers in loans by an independent pricing service. Our middle-market, private debt and equity investments are generally valued using Level 3 inputs. 
 14 

Independent Valuation 
 The fair value of loans and equity investments that are not syndicated or for which market quotations are not readily available, including middle-market loans, are generally submitted to independent providers to perform an independent valuation on those loans and equity investments as of the end of each quarter. Such loans and equity investments are initially held at cost, as that is a reasonable approximation of fair value on the acquisition date, and monitored for material changes that could affect the valuation (for example, changes in interest rates or the credit quality of the borrower). At the quarter end following that of the initial acquisition, such loans and equity investments are generally sent to a valuation provider which will determine the fair value of each investment. The independent valuation providers apply various methods (synthetic rating analysis, discounting cash flows, and re-underwriting analysis) to establish the rate of return a market participant would require (the discount rate as of the valuation date, given market conditions, prevailing lending standards and the perceived credit quality of the issuer. Future expected cash flows for each investment are discounted back to present value using these discount rates in the discounted cash flow analysis. A range of values will be provided by the valuation provider and Barings will determine the point within that range that it will use. If the Barings pricing committee disagrees with the price range provided, it may make a fair value recommendation to Barings that is outside of the range provided by the independent valuation provider and the reasons therefore. In certain instances, we may determine that it is not cost-effective, and as a result is not in the stockholders best interests, to request an independent valuation firm to perform an independent valuation on certain investments. Such instances include, but are not limited to, situations where the fair value of the investment in the portfolio company is determined to be insignificant relative to the total investment portfolio. 
 For a further discussion of our valuation procedures, see the section entitled Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates Investment Valuation included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Valuation Inputs 
 The Adviser s valuation techniques are based upon both observable and unobservable pricing inputs. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Adviser s market assumptions. The Adviser s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. An independent pricing service provider is the preferred source of pricing a loan, however, to the extent the independent pricing service provider price is unavailable or not relevant and reliable, the Adviser will utilize alternative approaches such as broker quotes or manual prices. The Adviser attempts to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The availability of observable inputs can vary from investment to investment and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including the type of security, whether the security is new and not yet established in the marketplace, the liquidity of markets and other characteristics particular to the security. 
 Valuation of Investments in Jocassee, Thompson Rivers, Waccamaw River, Sierra JV and MVC Private Equity Fund LP 
 As Jocassee, Thompson Rivers, Waccamaw River, Sierra JV and MVC Private Equity Fund LP are investment companies with no readily determinable fair values, the Adviser estimates the fair value of our investments in these entities using net asset value of each company and our ownership percentage as a practical expedient. The net asset value is determined in accordance with the specialized accounting guidance for investment companies. 
 Quarterly Net Asset Value Determination 
 We determine the net asset value per share of our common stock on at least a quarterly basis. The net asset value per share is equal to the value of our total assets minus total liabilities and any preferred stock outstanding divided by the total number of shares of common stock outstanding. 
 15 

Competition 
 We compete for investments with a number of investment funds including public funds, private equity funds, other BDCs, as well as traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and other sources of financing. Some of these entities have greater financial and managerial resources than we do. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider more investments and establish more relationships than we do. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC. 
 We use the expertise of the investment professionals of Barings to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies. We believe the relationship we have with Barings enables us to learn about, and compete for financing opportunities with companies in middle-market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries. For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses included in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Brokerage Allocation and Other Practices 
 We did not pay any brokerage commissions during the three years ended December 31, 2022 in connection with the acquisition and/or disposal of our investments. We generally acquire and dispose of our investments in privately negotiated transactions; therefore, we infrequently use brokers in the normal course of our business. Barings is primarily responsible for the execution of any publicly traded securities portion of our portfolio transactions and the allocation of brokerage commissions. We do not expect to execute transactions through any particular broker or dealer, but will seek to obtain the best net results for us, taking into account such factors as price (including the applicable brokerage commission or dealer spread), size of order, difficulty of execution, and operational facilities of the firm and the firm s risk and skill in positioning blocks of securities. While we will generally seek reasonably competitive trade execution costs, we will not necessarily pay the lowest spread or commission available. Subject to applicable legal requirements, if we use a broker, we may select a broker based partly upon brokerage or research services provided to us. In return for such services, we may pay a higher commission than other brokers would charge if we determine in good faith that such commission is reasonable in relation to the services provided. 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of our distributions on behalf of our common stockholders, unless a common stockholder elects to receive cash as provided below. As a result, if the Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend, then our common stockholders who have not opted out of our dividend reinvestment plan will have their cash dividends automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving the cash dividends. 
 No action will be required on the part of a registered common stockholder to have his or her cash dividend reinvested in shares of our common stock. A registered common stockholder may elect to receive an entire dividend in cash by notifying Computershare, Inc., the Plan Administrator and our transfer agent and registrar, in writing so that such notice is received by the Plan Administrator no later than three days prior to the payment date fixed by the Board for the dividend. The Plan Administrator will set up an account for shares acquired through the plan for each common stockholder who has not elected to receive dividends in cash and hold such shares in non-certificated form. Upon request by a common stockholder participating in the plan, received in writing not less than three days prior to the payment date, the Plan Administrator will, instead of crediting shares to the participant s account, issue a certificate registered in the participant s name for the number of whole shares of our common stock and a check for any fractional share. Those common stockholders whose shares are held by a broker or other financial intermediary may receive dividends in cash by notifying their broker or other financial intermediary of their election. 
 16 

We intend to use primarily newly issued shares to implement the plan, so long as our shares are trading at or above net asset value. If our shares are trading below net asset value, we intend to purchase shares in the open market in connection with our implementation of the plan. If we use newly issued shares to implement the plan, the number of shares to be issued to a common stockholder is determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the dividend payable to such common stockholder by the market price per share of our common stock at the close of regular trading on the NYSE on the dividend payment date. Market price per share on that date will be the closing price for such shares on the NYSE or, if no sale is reported for such day, at the average of their reported bid and asked prices. If we purchase shares in the open market to implement the plan, the number of shares to be received by a common stockholder is determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the dividend payable to such common stockholder by the average price per share for all shares purchased by the Plan Administrator in the open market in connection with the dividend. The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after giving effect to payment of the dividend cannot be established until the value per share at which additional shares will be issued has been determined and elections of our common stockholders have been tabulated. 
 There will be no brokerage charges or other charges to common stockholders who participate in the plan. However, certain brokerage firms may charge brokerage charges or other charges to their customers. We will pay the Plan Administrator s fees under the plan. If a participant elects by written notice to the Plan Administrator to have the Plan Administrator sell part or all of the shares held by the Plan Administrator in the participant s account and remit the proceeds to the participant, the Plan Administrator is authorized to deduct a 15.00 transaction fee plus a 0.10 per share brokerage commission from the proceeds. 
 Common stockholders who receive dividends in the form of stock generally are subject to the same federal, state and local tax consequences as are common stockholders who elect to receive their dividends in cash. A common stockholder s basis for determining gain or loss upon the sale of stock received in a dividend from us will be equal to the total dollar amount of the dividend payable to the common stockholder. Any stock received in a dividend will have a holding period for tax purposes commencing on the day following the day on which the shares are credited to the U.S. common stockholder s account. Stock received in a dividend may generate a wash sale if such shareholder sold out stock at a realized loss within 30 days either before or after such dividend. 
 Participants may terminate their accounts under the plan by notifying the Plan Administrator via its website at www.computershare.com/investor, by filling out the transaction request form located at the bottom of their statement and sending it to the Plan Administrator at Computershare, Inc., P.O. Box 43006, Providence, Rhode Island 02940 or by calling the Plan Administrator at (866) 228-7201. 
 We may terminate the plan upon notice in writing mailed to each participant at least 30 days prior to any record date for the payment of any dividend by us. All correspondence concerning the plan should be directed to the Plan Administrator by mail at Computershare, Inc., P.O. Box 43006, Providence, Rhode Island 02940. 
 Employees 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. The services necessary for our business are provided by individuals who are employees of Barings, pursuant to the terms of the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement and our Administration Agreement. Each of our executive officers is an employee of Barings and our day-to-day investment activities are managed by Barings. 
 Management Agreements 
 On August 2, 2018, we entered into the Original Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement with Barings, an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act. Our then-current board of directors unanimously approved the Original Advisory Agreement at an in-person meeting on March 22, 2018. Our stockholders approved the Original Advisory Agreement at the 2018 Special Meeting. In connection with the MVC Acquisition, we entered into the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement on December 23, 2020, following approval of the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement by our stockholders at our December 23, 2020 special meeting of stockholders. The Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement was approved on September 9, 2020 by the then-current Board, including a majority of the directors on the Board who are not interested persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of the Company or Barings. The terms of the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement became 
 17 

effective on January 1, 2021. In connection with the Sierra Merger, we entered into the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement on February 25, 2022. The New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement was most recently approved by our Board , including a majority of the directors on the Board who are not interested persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of the Company or Barings, on May 5, 2022. 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 Pursuant to the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement, Barings manages our day-to-day operations and provides us with investment advisory services. Among other things, Barings (i) determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes therein and the manner of implementing such changes; (ii) identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of our investments; (iii) executes, closes, services and monitors the investments that we make; (iv) determines the securities and other assets that we will purchase, retain or sell; (v) performs due diligence on prospective portfolio companies and (vi) provides us with such other investment advisory, research and related services we may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of its funds. 
 The New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement provides that, absent fraud, willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, Barings, and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with Barings (collectively, the IA Indemnified Parties ), are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs, demands, charges, claims and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by the IA Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of us or our security holders) arising out of any actions or omissions or otherwise based upon the performance of any of Barings duties or obligations under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement or otherwise as our investment adviser. Barings services under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and Barings is generally free to furnish similar services to other entities so long as its performance under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement is not adversely affected. 
 Barings has entered into a personnel-sharing arrangement with its affiliate, Baring International Investment Limited BIIL ). BIIL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Baring Asset Management Limited, which in turn is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Barings. Pursuant to this arrangement, certain employees of BIIL may serve as associated persons of Barings and, in this capacity, subject to the oversight and supervision of Barings, may provide research and related services, and discretionary investment management and trading services (including acting as portfolio managers) to us on behalf of Barings. This arrangement is based on no-action letters of the staff of the SEC that permit SEC-registered investment advisers to rely on and use the resources of advisory affiliates or participating affiliates, subject to the supervision of that SEC-registered investment adviser. BIIL is a participating affiliate of Barings, and the BIIL employees are associated persons of Barings. 
 Under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement, we pay Barings (i) a base management fee (the Base Management Fee and (ii) an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee as compensation for the investment advisory and management services it provides us thereunder. 
 Pre-January 1, 2021 Base Management Fee 
 For the period from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, the Base Management Fee was calculated based on our gross assets, including the MVC Credit Support Agreement, assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage and excluding cash and cash equivalents, at an annual rate of 1.375 . 
 The Base Management Fee was payable quarterly in arrears on a calendar quarter basis. The Base Management Fee was calculated based on the average value of our gross assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters prior to the quarter for which such fees are being calculated. Base Management Fees for any partial month or quarter were appropriately pro-rated. 
 Post-December 31, 2020 Base Management Fee 
 Beginning January 1, 2021, the Base Management Fee is calculated based on our gross assets, including the credit support agreements, assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage and excluding cash and 
 18 

cash equivalents, at an annual rate of 1.25 . The Base Management Fee is payable quarterly in arrears on a calendar quarter basis, and is calculated based on the average value of our gross assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters prior to the quarter for which such fees are being calculated. Base Management Fees for any partial month or quarter will be appropriately pro-rated. 
 Pre-January 1, 2021 Incentive Fee 
 For the period from August 2, 2018 through December 31, 2020, under the Original Advisory Agreement, the Incentive Fee was comprised of two parts: (1) a portion based on our pre-incentive fee net investment income (the Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee and (2) a portion based on the net capital gains received on our portfolio of securities on a cumulative basis for each calendar year, net of all realized capital losses and all unrealized capital depreciation for that same calendar year (the Pre-2021 Capital Gains Fee ). 
 The Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee was calculated as follows: 
 (i) For each quarter from and after August 2, 2018 through December 31, 2019 (the Pre-2020 Period ), the Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee was calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter for which such fees were being calculated. In respect of the Pre-2020 Period, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income meant interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial assistance and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the relevant calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for such quarter (including the Base Management Fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, any interest expense and any dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income included, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income did not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 (ii) For each quarter beginning on and after January 1, 2020 (the Post-2019 Period ), the Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee was calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter and the eleven preceding calendar quarters (or such fewer number of preceding calendar quarters counting each calendar quarter beginning on or after January 1, 2020) (each such period referred to as the Pre-2021 Trailing Twelve Quarters for which such fees were being calculated and was payable promptly following the filing of the Company s financial statements for such quarter. In respect of the Post-2019 Period, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income meant interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial assistance and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the relevant Pre-2021 Trailing Twelve Quarters, minus our operating expenses for such Pre-2021 Trailing Twelve Quarters (including the Base Management Fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, any interest expense and any dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee) divided by the number of quarters that comprise the relevant Pre-2021 Trailing Twelve Quarters. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income included, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income did not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 (iii) Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets (defined as total assets less senior securities constituting indebtedness and preferred stock) at the end of the calendar quarter for which such fees were being calculated, was compared to a hurdle rate , expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the most recently completed calendar quarter, of 2 per quarter (8 annualized). We paid Barings the Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee with respect to our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 19 

(1) (a) With respect to the Pre-2020 Period, no Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee for any calendar quarter in which our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (i) above) did not exceed the hurdle rate; 
 (b) With respect to the Post-2019 Period, no Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee for any calendar quarter in which our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (ii) above) did not exceed the hurdle rate; 
 (2) (a) With respect to the Pre-2020 Period, 100 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (i) above) for any calendar quarter with respect to that portion of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for such quarter, if any, that exceeded the hurdle rate but was less than 2.5 (10 annualized) (the Pre-2020 Catch-Up Amount ). The Pre-2020 Catch-Up Amount was intended to provide Barings with an incentive fee of 20 on all of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (i) above) when our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (i) above) reached 2 per quarter (8 annualized); 
 (b) With respect to the Post-2019 Period, 100 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (ii) above) with respect to that portion of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (ii) above), if any, that exceeded the hurdle rate but was less than 2.5 (10 annualized) (the Post-2019 Catch-Up Amount ). The Post-2019 Catch-Up Amount was intended to provide Barings with an incentive fee of 20 on all of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (ii) above) when our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (ii) above) reached 2 per quarter (8 annualized); 
 (3) (a) With respect to the Pre-2020 Period, 20 of the amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (i) above) for any calendar quarter with respect to that portion of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (i) above) for such quarter, if any, that exceeded the Pre-2020 Catch-Up Amount; and 
 (b) With respect to the Post-2019 Period, 20 of the amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (ii) above) for any calendar quarter with respect to that portion of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (ii) above), if any, that exceeded the Post-2019 Catch-Up Amount. 
 However, with respect to the Post-2019 Period, the Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee paid to Barings would in no event be in excess of the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap. With respect to the Post-2019 Period, the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap for any quarter was an amount equal to (a) 20 of the Cumulative Net Return (as defined below) during the relevant Pre-2021 Trailing Twelve Quarters minus (b) the aggregate Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee that was paid in respect of the first eleven calendar quarters (or the portion thereof) included in the relevant Pre-2021 Trailing Twelve Quarters. 
 Cumulative Net Return meant (x) the aggregate net investment income in respect of the relevant Pre-2021 Trailing Twelve Quarters minus (y) any Net Capital Loss (as defined below), if any, in respect of the relevant Pre-2021 Trailing Twelve Quarters. If, in any quarter, the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap was zero or a negative value, we paid no Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee to Barings for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter was a positive value but was less than the Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee that was payable to Barings for such quarter (before giving effect to the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap) calculated as described above, we paid a Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee to Barings equal to the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter was equal to or greater than the Pre-2021Income-Based Fee that was payable to Barings for such quarter (before giving effect to the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap) calculated as described above, we paid a Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee to Barings equal to the Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee calculated as described above for such quarter without regard to the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap. 
 Net Capital Loss in respect of a particular period meant the difference, if positive, between (i) aggregate capital losses, whether realized or unrealized, in such period and (ii) aggregate capital gains, whether realized or unrealized, in such period. 
 20 

The Pre-2021 Capital Gains Fee was determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year, commencing with the calendar year ended on December 31, 2018, and was calculated at the end of each applicable year by subtracting (1) the sum of our cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation from (2) our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains, in each case calculated from August 2, 2018. If such amount was positive at the end of such year, then the Pre-2021 Capital Gains Fee payable for such year was equal to 20 of such amount, less the cumulative aggregate amount of Pre-2021 Capital Gains Fees paid in all prior years. If such amount was negative, then there was no Pre-2021 Capital Gains Fee payable for such year. 
 Post-December 31, 2020 Incentive Fee 
 Following December 31, 2020, the Incentive Fee continues to consist of two components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the Incentive Fee is based on our income (the Income-Based Fee and a portion is based on our capital gains (the Capital Gains Fee ), each as described below: 
 (i) The Income-Based Fee will be determined and paid quarterly in arrears based on the amount by which (x) the aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below) in respect of the current calendar quarter and the eleven preceding calendar quarters beginning with the calendar quarter that commences on or after January 1, 2021, as the case may be (or the appropriate portion thereof in the case of any of our first eleven calendar quarters that commences on or after January 1, 2021) (in either case, the Trailing Twelve Quarters exceeds (y) the Hurdle Amount (as defined below) in respect of the Trailing Twelve Quarters. The Hurdle Amount will be determined on a quarterly basis, and will be calculated by multiplying 2.0625 (8.25 annualized) by the aggregate of our net asset value at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. For this purpose, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including, without limitation, any accrued income that we have not yet received in cash and any other fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses accrued during the calendar quarter (including, without limitation, the Base Management Fee, administration expenses and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Income-Based Fee and the Capital Gains Fee). For the avoidance of doubt, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 The calculation of the Income-Based Fee for each quarter is as follows: 
 (A) No Income-Based Fee will be payable to Barings in any calendar quarter in which our aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the Trailing Twelve Quarters does not exceed the Hurdle Amount; 
 (B) 100 of our aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the Trailing Twelve Quarters, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle Amount but is less than or equal to an amount (the Catch-Up Amount determined on a quarterly basis by multiplying 2.578125 (10.3125 annualized) by our net asset value at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. The Catch-Up Amount is intended to provide Barings with an incentive fee of 20 on all of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income when our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income reaches the Catch-Up Amount for the Trailing Twelve Quarters; and 
 (C) For any quarter in which our aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the Trailing Twelve Quarters exceeds the Catch-Up Amount, the Income-Based Fee shall equal 20 of the amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for such Trailing Twelve Quarters, as the Hurdle Amount and Catch-Up Amount will have been achieved. 
 Subject to the Incentive Fee Cap described below, the amount of the Income-Based Fee that will be paid to Barings for a particular quarter will equal the excess of the aggregate Income-Based Fee so calculated less the 
 21 

aggregate Income-Based Fees that were paid to Barings in the preceding eleven calendar quarters (or portion thereof) comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. 
 (ii) The Income-Based Fee is subject to a cap (the Incentive Fee Cap ). The Incentive Fee Cap in any quarter is an amount equal to (a) 20 of the Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Return (as defined below) during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters less (b) the aggregate Income-Based Fee that were paid to Barings in the preceding eleven calendar quarters (or portion thereof) comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. For this purpose, Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Return during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters means (x) Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in respect of the Trailing Twelve Quarters less (y) any Net Capital Loss, if any, in respect of the Trailing Twelve Quarters. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is zero or a negative value, we will pay no Income-Based Fee to Barings in that quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is a positive value but is less than the Income-Based Fee calculated in accordance with paragraph (i) above, we will pay Barings the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is equal to or greater than the Income-Based Fee calculated in accordance with paragraph (i) above, we will pay Barings the Income-Based Fee for such quarter. 
 Net Capital Loss in respect of a particular period means the difference, if positive, between (i) aggregate capital losses on our assets, whether realized or unrealized, in such period and (ii) aggregate capital gains or other gains on our assets (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the value ascribed to any credit support arrangement in our financial statements even if such value is not categorized as a gain therein), whether realized or unrealized, in such period. 
 (iii) The second part of the Incentive Fee (the Capital Gains Fee will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement), commencing with the calendar year ended on December 31, 2018, and is calculated at the end of each applicable year by subtracting (1) the sum of our cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation from (2) our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains, in each case calculated from August 2, 2018. If such amount is positive at the end of such year, then the Capital Gains Fee payable for such year is equal to 20 of such amount, less the cumulative aggregate amount of Capital Gains Fees paid in all prior years commencing with the calendar year ended on December 31, 2018. If such amount is negative, then there is no Capital Gains Fee payable for such year. If this Agreement is terminated as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date will be treated as though it were a calendar year end for purposes of calculating and paying a Capital Gains Fee. 
 Under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement, the cumulative aggregate realized capital gains are calculated as the sum of the differences, if positive, between (a) the net sales price of each investment in our portfolio when sold and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 The cumulative aggregate realized capital losses are calculated as the sum of the differences, if negative, between (a) the net sales price of each investment in our portfolio when sold and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 The aggregate unrealized capital depreciation is calculated as the sum of the differences, if negative, between (a) the valuation of each investment in our portfolio as of the applicable Capital Gains Fee calculation date and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 Under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement, the accreted or amortized cost basis of an investment shall mean the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment as reflected in our financial statements. 
 Payment of Company Expenses 
 Under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement, all investment professionals of Barings and its staff, when and to the extent engaged in providing services required to be provided by Barings under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, are provided and paid for by Barings and not by us, except that all costs and expenses relating to our 
 22 

operations and transactions, including, without limitation, those items listed in the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement, will be borne by us. 
 Duration and Termination of Advisory Agreement 
 The New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement was most recently approved on May 5, 2022 by our Board, including a majority of the directors on the Board who are not interested persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of the Company or Barings, for an additional one-year term ending on December 23, 2023. Thereafter, it will continue automatically for successive one-year periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (i) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, and (ii) the vote of a majority of the directors on the Board who are not interested persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of the Company or Barings. The New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, upon 60 days written notice, (i) by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company or (ii) by the vote of the Board, or (iii) by the Adviser. The New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment (as such term is defined under the 1940 Act). 
 Administration Agreement 
 Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, Barings performs (or oversees, or arranges for, the performance of) the administrative services necessary for our operation, including, but not limited to, office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping and record-keeping services at such office facilities and such other services as Barings, subject to review by the Board, from time to time, determines to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under the Administration Agreement. Barings also, on our behalf and subject to oversight by the Board, arranges for the services of, and oversees, custodians, depositories, transfer agents, dividend disbursing agents, other stockholder servicing agents, accountants, attorneys, valuation experts, underwriters, brokers and dealers, corporate fiduciaries, insurers, banks and such other persons in any such other capacity deemed to be necessary or desirable. 
 We will reimburse Barings for the costs and expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities under the Administration Agreement in an amount to be negotiated and mutually agreed to by us and Barings quarterly in arrears. In no event will the agreed-upon quarterly expense amount exceed the amount of expenses that would otherwise be reimbursable by us under the Administration Agreement for the applicable quarterly period, and Barings will not be entitled to the recoupment of any amounts in excess of the agreed-upon quarterly expense amount. The costs and expenses incurred by Barings on our behalf under the Administration Agreement include, but are not limited to: 
 the allocable portion of Barings rent for our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs, which is based upon the allocable portion of the usage thereof by such personnel in connection with their performance of administrative services under the Administration Agreement; 
 the allocable portion of the salaries, bonuses, benefits and expenses of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs, which is based upon the allocable portion of the time spent by such personnel in connection with performing administrative services for us under the Administration Agreement; 
 the actual cost of goods and services used for us and obtained by Barings from entities not affiliated with us, which is reasonably allocated to us on the basis of assets, revenues, time records or other methods conforming with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 all fees, costs and expenses associated with the engagement of a sub-administrator, if any; and 
 costs associated with (a) the monitoring and preparation of regulatory reporting, including registration statements and amendments thereto, prospectus supplements, and tax reporting, (b) the coordination and oversight of service provider activities and the direct cost of such contractual 
 23 

matters related thereto and (c) the preparation of all financial statements and the coordination and oversight of audits, regulatory inquiries, certifications and sub-certifications. 
 The Administration Agreement will continue automatically for successive annual periods so long as such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by the Board, including a majority of the independent directors. The Administration Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by vote of the Board, or by Barings, upon 60 days written notice to the other party. The Administration Agreement may not be assigned by a party without the consent of the other party. 
 Election to be Regulated as a Business Development Company and Regulated Investment Company 
 We are a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, we have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. Our election to be regulated as a BDC and our election to be treated as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes have a significant impact on our operations. Some of the most important effects on our operations of our election to be regulated as a BDC and our election to be treated as a RIC are outlined below. 
 We report our investments at market value or fair value with changes in value reported through our consolidated statements of operations. 
 In accordance with the requirements of Article 6 of Regulation S-X, we report all of our investments, including debt investments, at market value or, for investments that do not have a readily available market value, at their fair value in accordance with the Barings valuation policy. Changes in these values are reported through our statements of operations under the caption of net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments. See Valuation Process and Determination of Net Asset Value above. 
 We intend to distribute substantially all of our income to our stockholders. We generally will be required to pay income taxes only on the portion of our taxable income we do not distribute, actually or constructively, to stockholders. 
 As a RIC, so long as we meet certain minimum distribution, source-of-income and asset diversification requirements, we generally are required to pay U.S. federal income taxes only on the portion of our taxable income and gains we do not distribute (actually or constructively) and certain built-in gains. We intend to distribute to our stockholders substantially all of our income. We may, however, make deemed distributions to our stockholders of any retained net long-term capital gains. If this happens, our stockholders will be treated as if they received an actual distribution of the net capital gains and reinvested the net after-tax proceeds in us. Our stockholders also may be eligible to claim a tax credit (or, in certain circumstances, a tax refund) equal to their allocable share of the corporate-level U.S. federal income tax we pay on the deemed distribution. See Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations. We met the minimum distribution requirements for 2020, 2021 and 2022 and continually monitor our distribution requirements with the goal of ensuring compliance with the Code. 
 In addition, we have wholly-owned taxable subsidiaries, or the Taxable Subsidiaries, which hold a portion of one or more of our portfolio investments that are listed on the Consolidated Schedule of Investments. The Taxable Subsidiaries are consolidated for financial reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP, so that our consolidated financial statements reflect our investments in the portfolio companies owned by the Taxable Subsidiaries. The purpose of the Taxable Subsidiaries is to permit us to hold certain interests in portfolio companies that are organized as partnerships or limited liability companies, or LLCs (or other forms of pass-through entities) and still satisfy the RIC tax requirement that at least 90.0 of our gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes must consist of qualifying investment income. Absent the Taxable Subsidiaries, a proportionate amount of any gross income of a partnership or LLC (or other pass-through entity) portfolio investment would flow through directly to us. To the extent that such income did not consist of investment income, it could jeopardize our ability to qualify as a RIC and therefore cause us to incur significant amounts of corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes. Where interests in partnerships or LLCs (or other pass-through entities) are owned by the Taxable Subsidiaries, however, the income from such interests is taxed to the Taxable Subsidiaries and does not flow through to us, thereby helping us preserve our RIC status and resultant tax advantages. The Taxable Subsidiaries are not consolidated for U.S. federal income tax purposes and may 
 24 

generate income tax expense as a result of its ownership of the portfolio companies. This income tax expense, if any, is reflected in our Statement of Operations. 
 Our ability to use leverage as a means of financing our portfolio of investments is limited. 
 As a BDC, and as a result of the stockholder vote to approve the proposal to authorize us to be subject to the reduced asset coverage ratio of at least 150 under the 1940 Act, we are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total senior securities of at least 150 . For this purpose, senior securities include all borrowings and any preferred stock we may issue in the future. Additionally, our ability to continue to utilize leverage as a means of financing our portfolio of investments may be limited by this asset coverage test. 
 We are required to comply with the provisions of the 1940 Act applicable to business development companies. 
 As a BDC, we are required to have a majority of directors who are not interested persons under the 1940 Act. In addition, we are required to comply with other applicable provisions of the 1940 Act, including those requiring the adoption of a code of ethics, fidelity bonding and investment custody arrangements. See Regulation of Business Development Companies below. 
 Exemptive Relief 
 As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For example, we generally are not permitted to make loans to companies controlled by Barings or other funds managed by Barings. We are also not permitted to make any co-investments with Barings or its affiliates (including any fund managed by Barings or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by or under common control with Barings) without exemptive relief from the SEC, subject to certain exceptions. The Exemptive Relief that the SEC has granted to Barings permits certain present and future funds, including us, advised by Barings (or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by or under common control with Barings) to co-invest in suitable negotiated investments. Co-investments made under the Exemptive Relief are subject to compliance with the conditions and other requirements contained in the Exemptive Relief, which could limit our ability to participate in a co-investment transaction. 
 Regulation of Business Development Companies 
 The following is a general summary of the material regulatory provisions affecting BDCs. It does not purport to be a complete description of all of the laws and regulations affecting BDCs. 
 We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates, principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters. The 1940 Act requires that a majority of the directors on a BDC's board of directors be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 In addition, the 1940 Act defines a majority of the outstanding voting securities as the lesser of (i) 67.0 or more of the voting securities present at a meeting if the holders of more than 50.0 of our outstanding voting securities are present or represented by proxy, or (ii) 50.0 of our voting securities. 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70.0 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are any of the following: 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio 
 25 

company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act and rules adopted pursuant thereto as any issuer which: 
 (a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 
 (b) is not an investment company (other than an SBIC wholly-owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for exclusions under the 1940 Act for certain financial companies such as banks, brokers, commercial finance companies, mortgage companies and insurance companies; and 
 (c) satisfies any of the following: 
 (i) does not have any class of securities with respect to which a broker or dealer may extend margin credit; 
 (ii) is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; 
 (iii) is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million; 
 (iv) does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; or 
 (v) has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250.0 million. 
 (2) Securities in companies that were eligible portfolio companies when we made our initial investment if certain other requirements are satisfied. 
 (3) Securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control. 
 (4) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance (other than conventional lending or financing arrangements). 
 (5) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60.0 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 
 (6) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (5) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 
 (7) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 In addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2), (3) or (4) above. 
 26 

Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 In order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70.0 test, we must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that, where we purchase such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby we, through our directors, officers or employees, offer to provide, and, if accepted, do so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. Barings provides such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. We may receive fees for these services. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70.0 of our assets are qualifying assets. We may invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. Government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25.0 of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the asset diversification tests required to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Our management team will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 Senior Securities 
 On July 24, 2018, our stockholders voted at the 2018 Special Meeting to approve a proposal to authorize us to be subject to a reduced asset coverage ratio of at least 150 under the 1940 Act. As a result of the stockholder approval at the 2018 Special Meeting, effective July 25, 2018, our applicable asset coverage ratio under the 1940 Act decreased to 150 from 200 . Thus, we are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of debt and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding (other than senior securities representing indebtedness issued in consideration of a privately arranged loan which is not intended to be publicly distributed), we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5.0 of the value of our total assets for temporary purposes without regard to asset coverage. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure Incurring additional leverage may magnify our exposure to risks associated with changes in leverage, including fluctuations in interest rates that could adversely affect our profitability included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 We and Barings have adopted a code of ethics (the Global Code of Ethics Policy and corporate governance guidelines, which collectively cover ethics and business conduct. These documents apply to our and Barings directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and any person performing similar functions, and establish procedures for personal investments and restrict certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the Global Code of Ethics Policy and corporate governance guidelines may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code's requirements. Our Global Code of Ethics Policy and corporate governance guidelines are publicly 
 27 

available on the Investor Relations section of our website under Corporate Governance at https://ir.barings.com/governance-docs. We will report any amendments to or waivers of a required provision of our Global Code of Ethics Policy and corporate governance guidelines on our website or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and you should not consider that information to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 We and Barings have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the U.S. federal securities laws, and are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation, and to designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering such policies and procedure s. Gregory MacCordy serves as our Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We delegate our proxy voting responsibilities to Barings. Barings votes proxies relating to our portfolio securities in a manner which we believe will be in the best interest of our stockholders. Barings reviews on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a stockholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by us. Although Barings generally votes against proposals that may have a negative impact on our portfolio securities, they may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 The proxy voting decisions of Barings are made by the investment professionals who are responsible for monitoring each of its clients investments. To ensure that their vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, Barings requires that: (i) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose to our chief compliance officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (ii) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how we intend to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 Stockholders may, without charge, obtain information regarding how we voted proxies with respect to our portfolio securities by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Chief Compliance Officer, 300 South Tryon Street, Suite 2500, Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 or by calling our investor relations department at 888-401-1088. 
 Other 
 We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of those members of the Board who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. The 1940 Act prohibits us from making certain negotiated co-investments with affiliates absent prior approval of the SEC. Barings existing Exemptive Relief permits us and Barings affiliated private funds and SEC-registered funds to co-invest in loans originated by Barings, which allows Barings to implement its senior secured private debt investment strategy for us. 
 We are periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 
 We are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 28 

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Sarbanes-Oxley Act Compliance 
 We are subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements of the Exchange Act, including the filing of quarterly, annual and current reports, proxy statements and other required items. In addition, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), which imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. For example: 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are required to certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 
 pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports are required to disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our management is required to prepare a report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting and must obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting performed by our independent registered public accounting firm; and 
 pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 
 The New York Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Regulations 
 The NYSE has adopted corporate governance regulations that listed companies must comply with. We believe we currently are in compliance with such corporate governance listing standards. We intend to monitor our compliance with all future listing standards and to take all necessary actions to ensure that we stay in compliance. 
 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 The following discussion is a general summary of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and to an investment in our shares. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of the income tax considerations applicable to us or to investors in such an investment. For example, we have not described tax consequences that we assume to be generally known by investors or certain considerations that may be relevant to certain types of holders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws, including stockholders subject to the alternative minimum tax, tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, dealers in securities, pension plans and trusts, financial institutions, U.S. stockholders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, persons who mark-to-market our shares and persons who hold our shares as part of a straddle, hedge or conversion transaction. This summary assumes that investors hold shares of our common stock as capital assets (within the meaning of the Code). The discussion is based upon the Code, Treasury regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations, each as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and all of which are subject to change, possibly retroactively, which could affect the continuing validity of this discussion. This summary does not discuss any aspects of U.S. estate or gift tax or foreign, state or local tax. It does not discuss the special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws that could result if we invested in tax-exempt securities or certain other investment assets. 
 29 

For purposes of our discussion, a U.S. stockholder means a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
 a citizen or individual resident of the United States; 
 a corporation, or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 
 an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 
 a trust if (i) a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of such trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) it has a valid election in place to be treated as a U.S. person. 
 For purposes of our discussion, a Non-U.S. stockholder means a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is neither a U.S. stockholder nor a partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes). 
 If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes (a partnership holds shares of our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner or member of the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner or member and the activities of the partnership. A prospective stockholder that is a partner or member in a partnership holding shares of our common stock should consult his, her or its tax advisors with respect to the purchase, ownership and disposition of shares of our common stock. 
 Tax matters are very complicated and the tax consequences to an investor of an investment in our shares will depend on the facts of his, her or its particular situation. We encourage investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the specific consequences of such an investment, including tax reporting requirements, the applicability of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax laws, eligibility for the benefits of any applicable tax treaty and the effect of any changes in the tax laws. 
 Election to be Taxed as a RIC 
 We have qualified and elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2007. As a RIC, we generally are not subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any income that we distribute to our stockholders from our tax earnings and profits. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, in order to obtain RIC tax treatment, we must distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income ICTI ), which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of realized net short-term capital gain over realized net long-term capital loss, (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). Even if we qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, we generally will be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on our undistributed taxable income and could be subject to U.S. federal excise, state, local and foreign taxes. 
 Taxation as a RIC 
 Provided that we qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our ICTI and net capital gain (which we define as net long-term capital gain in excess of net short-term capital loss) that we timely distribute to stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 
 We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98.0 of our ordinary income for each calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the calendar year and (iii) any income recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax. 
 30 

In order to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 meet the Annual Distribution Requirement; 
 qualify to be treated as a BDC or be registered as a management investment company under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 
 derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale or other disposition of stock or other securities or foreign currencies or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities or currencies and net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership (as defined in the Code), or the 90 Income Test; and 
 diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 
 at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer (which for these purposes includes the equity securities of a qualified publicly traded partnership and 
 no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. Government securities or securities of other RICs, (i) of one issuer (ii) of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or (iii) of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships, or the Diversification Tests. 
 To the extent that we invest in entities treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership ), we generally must include the items of gross income derived by the partnerships for purposes of the 90 Income Test, and the income that is derived from a partnership (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership will be treated as qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test only to the extent that such income is attributable to items of income of the partnership which would be qualifying income if realized by us directly. In addition, we generally must take into account our proportionate share of the assets held by partnerships (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership in which we are a partner for purposes of the Diversification Tests. 
 In order to meet the 90 Income Test, we utilize the Taxable Subsidiaries, and in the future may establish additional such corporations, to hold assets from which we do not anticipate earning dividend, interest or other qualifying income under the 90 Income Test. Any investments held through the Taxable Subsidiaries generally are subject to U.S. federal income and other taxes, and therefore we can expect to achieve a reduced after-tax yield on such investments. 
 We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with PIK interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock. We anticipate that a portion of our income may constitute original issue discount or other income required to be included in taxable income prior to receipt of cash. 
 Because any original issue discount or other amounts accrued will be included in our ICTI for the year of the accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and to avoid the 4.0 U.S. federal excise tax, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. As a result, we may have difficulty meeting the Annual Distribution Requirement necessary to obtain and maintain RIC tax treatment under the Code. We may have to sell some of our investments at 
 31 

times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or forgo new investment opportunities for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax. 
 Furthermore, a portfolio company in which we invest may face financial difficulty that requires us to work-out, modify or otherwise restructure our investment in the portfolio company. Any such restructuring may result in unusable capital losses and future non-cash income. Any restructuring may also result in our recognition of a substantial amount of non-qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test, such as cancellation of indebtedness income in connection with the work-out of a leveraged investment (which, while not free from doubt, may be treated as non-qualifying income) or the receipt of other non-qualifying income. 
 Gain or loss realized by us from warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will be long-term or short-term, depending on how long we held a particular warrant. 
 Investments by us in non-U.S. securities may be subject to non-U.S. income, withholding and other taxes, and therefore, our yield on any such securities may be reduced by such non-U.S. taxes. Stockholders will generally not be entitled to claim a credit or deduction with respect to non-U.S. taxes paid by us. 
 If we purchase shares in a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, we may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a portion of any excess distribution or gain from the disposition of such shares even if such income is distributed as a taxable dividend by us to our stockholders. Additional charges in the nature of interest may be imposed on us in respect of deferred taxes arising from such distributions or gains. If we invest in a PFIC and elect to treat the PFIC as a qualified electing fund under the Code, or QEF, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, we will be required to include in income each year a portion of the ordinary earnings and net capital gain of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed to it. Alternatively, we can elect to mark-to-market at the end of each taxable year our shares in a PFIC; in this case, we will recognize as ordinary income any increase in the value of such shares and as ordinary loss any decrease in such value to the extent it does not exceed prior increases included in income. Under either election, we may be required to recognize in a year income in excess of our distributions from PFICs and our proceeds from dispositions of PFIC stock during that year, and such income will nevertheless be subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of the 4 U.S. federal excise tax. 
 Under Section 988 of the Code, gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the time we accrue income, expenses, or other liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and the time we actually collect such income or pay such expenses or liabilities are generally treated as ordinary income or loss. Similarly, gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts and the disposition of debt denominated in a foreign currency, to the extent attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the acquisition and disposition dates, are also treated as ordinary income or loss. 
 We are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements. Under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. See Regulation of Business Development Companies Qualifying Assets and Regulation of Business Development Companies Senior Securities" above. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (i) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (ii) other requirements relating to our tax treatment as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or to avoid the excise tax, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. 
 If we fail to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement or otherwise fail to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC in any taxable year, we will be subject to tax in that year on all of our taxable income, regardless of whether we make any distributions to our stockholders. In that case, all of such income will be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax, reducing the amount available to be distributed to our stockholders. See Failure To Obtain RIC Tax Treatment below. 
 As a RIC, we are not allowed to carry forward or carry back a net operating loss for purposes of computing our ICTI in other taxable years. U.S. federal income tax law generally permits a RIC to carry forward (i) the excess of its 
 32 

net short-term capital loss over its net long-term capital gain for a given year as a short-term capital loss arising on the first day of the following year and (ii) the excess of its net long-term capital loss over its net short-term capital gain for a given year as a long-term capital loss arising on the first day of the following year. Future transactions we engage in may cause our ability to use any capital loss carryforwards, and unrealized losses once realized, to be limited under Section 382 of the Code. Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things, (i) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, (ii) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain and qualified dividend income into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income, (iii) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (iv) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash, (v) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (vi) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions and (vii) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections in order to mitigate the effect of these provisions. 
 As described above, to the extent that we invest in equity securities of entities that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the effect of such investments for purposes of the 90 Income Test and the Diversification Tests will depend on whether or not the partnership is a qualified publicly traded partnership (as defined in the Code). If the entity is a qualified publicly traded partnership, the net income derived from such investments will be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test and will be securities for purposes of the Diversification Tests. However, if the entity is not treated as a qualified publicly traded partnership, the consequences of an investment in the partnership will depend upon the amount and type of income and assets of the partnership allocable to us. The income derived from such investments may not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test and, therefore, could adversely affect our tax treatment as a RIC. We intend to monitor our investments in equity securities of entities that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes to prevent our disqualification from tax treatment as a RIC. 
 We may invest in preferred securities or other securities the U.S. federal income tax treatment of which may not be clear or may be subject to recharacterization by the IRS. To the extent the tax treatment of such securities or the income from such securities differs from the expected tax treatment, it could affect the timing or character of income recognized, requiring us to purchase or sell securities, or otherwise change our portfolio, in order to comply with the tax rules applicable to RICs under the Code. 
 We may distribute taxable dividends that are payable in cash or shares of our common stock at the election of each stockholder. Under certain applicable provisions of the Code and the Treasury regulations, distributions payable in cash or in shares of stock at the election of stockholders are treated as taxable dividends. The Internal Revenue Service has published guidance indicating that this rule will apply even where the total amount of cash that may be distributed is limited to no more than 20 of the total distribution (10 in case of distributions through June 30, 2022). Under this guidance, if too many stockholders elect to receive their distributions in cash, the cash available for distribution must be allocated among the stockholders electing to receive cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). If we decide to make any distributions consistent with this guidance that are payable in part in our stock, taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend (whether received in cash, our stock, or a combination thereof) as ordinary income (or as long-term capital gain to the extent such distribution is properly reported as a capital gain dividend) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of any cash received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our stock. 
 33 

Failure to Obtain RIC Tax Treatment 
 If we fail to satisfy the 90 Income Test or the Diversification Tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless continue to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC for such year if certain relief provisions are applicable (which may, among other things, require us to pay certain corporate-level federal taxes or to dispose of certain assets). 
 If we were unable to obtain tax treatment as a RIC, we would be subject to tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates. We would not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders, nor would they be required to be made. Distributions would generally be taxable to our stockholders as dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits (in the case of non-corporate U.S. stockholders, generally at a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income of 20 ). Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees would be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. 
 If we fail to meet the RIC requirements for more than two consecutive years and then, seek to re-qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, we would be subject to corporate-level taxation on any built-in gain recognized during the succeeding five-year period unless we made a special election to recognize all such built-in gain upon our re-qualification for tax treatment as a RIC and to pay the corporate-level tax on such built-in gain. 
 Possible Legislative or Other Actions Affecting Tax Considerations 
 Prospective investors should recognize that the present U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in our stock may be modified by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time, and that any such action may affect investments and commitments previously made. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department, resulting in revisions of regulations and revised interpretations of established concepts as well as statutory changes. Revisions in U.S. federal tax laws and interpretations thereof could affect the tax consequences of an investment in our stock. See Risk Factors - Risk Relating to Our Business and Structure - We cannot predict how tax reform legislation will affect us, our investments, or our stockholders, and any such legislation could adversely affect our business included in Item 1A or Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Withholding 
 Our distributions generally will be treated as dividends for U.S. tax purposes and will be subject to U.S. income or withholding tax unless the shareholder receiving the dividend qualifies for an exemption from U.S. tax or the distribution is subject to one of the special look-through rules described below. Distributions paid out of net capital gains can qualify for a reduced rate of taxation in the hands of an individual U.S. shareholder and an exemption from U.S. tax in the hands of a non-U.S. shareholder. 
 Under an exemption, properly reported dividend distributions by RICs paid out of certain interest income (such distributions, interest-related dividends are generally exempt from U.S. withholding tax for non-U.S. shareholders. Under such exemption, a non-U.S. shareholder generally may receive interest-related dividends free of U.S. withholding tax if the shareholder would not have been subject to U.S. withholding tax if it had received the underlying interest income directly. No assurance can be given as to whether any of our distributions will be eligible for this exemption from U.S. withholding tax or, if eligible, will be reported as such by us. In particular, the exemption does not apply to distributions paid in respect of a RIC s non-U.S. source interest income, its dividend income or its foreign currency gains. In the case shares of our stock are held through an intermediary, the intermediary may withhold U.S. federal income tax even if we report the payment as a dividend eligible for the exemption. 
 34 

State and Local Tax Treatment 
 The state and local tax treatment may differ from U.S. federal income tax treatment. 
 The discussion set forth herein does not constitute tax advice, and potential investors should consult their own tax advisors concerning the tax considerations relevant to their particular situation. 
 Available Information 
 We intend to make this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, publicly available on our website (www.baringsbdc.com) without charge as soon as reasonably practicable following our filing of such reports with the SEC. Our SEC reports can be accessed through the investor relations section of our website. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. We assume no obligation to update or revise any statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in other reports filed with the SEC, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless we are required to do so by law. A copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other reports is available without charge upon written request to Investor Relations, Barings BDC, Inc., 300 South Tryon Street, Suite 2500 Charlotte, North Carolina 28202. The SEC maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains our periodic and current reports, proxy and information statements and our other filings. 
 35 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Investing in our securities involves a number of significant risks. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should consider carefully the following information before making an investment in our securities. The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or not presently deemed material by us might also impair our operations and performance. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, our net asset value, the trading price of our common stock and the value of our other securities could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 The following is a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in our securities. Further details regarding each risk included in the below summary list can be found further below. 
 We are dependent upon Barings access to its investment professionals for our success. 
 Our investment portfolio is and will continue to be recorded at fair value as determined in accordance with the Adviser s valuation policies and procedures and, as a result, there is and will continue to be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses. 
 There are potential conflicts of interest, including the management of other investment funds and accounts by Barings, which could impact our investment returns. 
 The fee structure under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement may induce Barings to pursue speculative investments and incur leverage, which may not be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Regulations governing our operation as a BDC will affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital. 
 Our financing agreements contain various covenants, which, if not complied with, could accelerate our repayment obligations thereunder, thereby materially and adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. 
 Inflation could adversely affect the business, results of operations, and financial conditions of our portfolio companies. 
 Incurring additional leverage may magnify our exposure to risks associated with changes in leverage, including fluctuations in interest rates that could adversely affect our profitability. 
 Prepayments of our debt investments by our portfolio companies could adversely impact our results of operations and reduce our return on equity. 
 Our investments in portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment. 
 Shares of closed-end investment companies, including BDCs, frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value, and may trade at premiums that may prove to be unsustainable. 
 36 

37 

38 

39 

40 

41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

) ) Corresponding return to common stockholder assuming 150 asset coverage as of December 31, 2022(2) 
 (39.9) (24.7) (9.4) 5.8 21.1 
 (1) Assumes 2,708.5 million in total assets, 1,489.7 million in debt outstanding, 1,192.3 million in net assets and an average cost of funds of 4.705 , which was the weighted average borrowing cost of our outstanding borrowings at December 31, 2022. The assumed amount of debt outstanding for this example includes 729.1 million of outstanding borrowings under the February 2019 Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022, 50.0 million aggregate principal amount of August 2025 Notes (as defined below under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources included in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) outstanding, 175.0 million aggregate principal amount of November Notes (as defined below under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources included in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) outstanding, 150.0 million aggregate principal amount of February Notes (as defined below under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources included in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) outstanding, 350.0 million aggregate principal amount of November 2026 Notes (as defined below under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources included in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) outstanding, and assumed additional borrowings of 35.6 million to settle our payable from unsettled transactions as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Assumes 3,640.5 million in total assets, 2,384.7 million in debt outstanding and 1,192.3 million in net assets as of December 31, 2022, and an average cost of funds of 4.705 , which was the weighted average borrowing cost of our borrowings at December 31, 2022. 
 Based on our total outstanding indebtedness of 1,454.1 million as of December 31, 2022, assumed additional borrowings of 35.6 million to settle our payable from unsettled transactions as of December 31, 2022 and an average cost of funds of 4.705 , which was the weighted average borrowing cost of our outstanding borrowings at December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio must experience an annual return of at least 2.59 to cover annual interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness. 
 
 46 

47 

48 

49 

50 

51 

Risks Relating to Our Investments 
 52 

53 

54 

55 

56 

57 

58 

59 

60 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 
 61 

per share, an approximately 26.2 discount to our net asset value per share as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 62 

63 

64 

65 

66 

General Risk Factors 
 67 

68 

69 

. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation or any of our subsidiaries. Our headquarters are currently located at 300 South Tryon Street, Suite 2500 Charlotte, North Carolina 28202, where we occupy office space pursuant to the Administration Agreement with Barings. We believe that our current office facilities are adequate to meet our needs. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Neither we, the Adviser, nor our subsidiaries are currently subject to any material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to our respective businesses. We, the Adviser, and our subsidiaries may from time to time, however, be involved in litigation arising out of operations in the normal course of business or otherwise, including in connection with strategic transactions. Furthermore, third parties may seek to impose liability on us in connection with the activities of our portfolio companies. While the outcome of any current legal proceedings cannot at this time be predicted with certainty, we do not expect any current matters will materially affect our financial condition or results of operations; however, there can be no assurance whether any pending legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations in any future reporting period. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 70 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Common Stock and Holders 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the ticker symbol BBDC. As of February 23, 2023, there were approximately 2,528 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include stockholders for whom shares are held in nominee or street name. 
 Distributions Declared 
 The table below shows the detail of our distributions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Amount of Total Amount of Total Ordinary income 0.95 100.0 0.79 96.3 Tax return of capital 0.03 3.7 Total reported on IRS Form 1099-DIV 0.95 100.0 0.82 100.0 
 Each year, a statement on IRS Form 1099-DIV identifying the source(s) of the distribution (i.e., paid from ordinary income, paid from net capital gains on the sale of securities, and/or a return of paid in capital surplus which is a nontaxable distribution) is mailed to our stockholders. To the extent that our distributions for a fiscal year exceed current and accumulated earnings and profits, a portion of those distributions may be deemed a return of capital to our stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, the source of a distribution to our stockholders may be the original capital invested by the stockholder rather than our taxable ordinary income or capital gains. Stockholders should read any written disclosure accompanying a dividend payment carefully and should not assume that any distribution is taxable as ordinary income or capital gains. 
 Ordinary income is reported on IRS Form 1099-DIV as either qualified or non-qualified and capital gain distributions are reported on IRS Form 1099-DIV in various subcategories which have differing tax treatments to stockholders. Those subcategories are not presented herein. 
 We estimate the source of our distributions as required by Section 19(a) of the 1940 Act to determine whether payment of dividends are expected to be paid from any other source other than net investment income accrued for current period or certain cumulative periods, but we will not be able to determine whether any specific distribution will be treated as made out of our taxable earnings or as a return of capital until after the end of our taxable year. Any amount treated as a return of capital will reduce a stockholder s adjusted tax basis in his or her common stock, thereby increasing his or her potential gain or reducing his or her potential loss on the subsequent sale or other disposition of his or her common stock. On a quarterly basis, for any payment of dividends estimated to be paid from any other source other than net investment income accrued for current period or certain cumulative periods based on the Section 19(a) requirement, we post a Section 19(a) notice through the Depository Trust Company s Legal Notice System and our website, as well as send our registered stockholders a printed copy of such notice along with the dividend payment. The estimates of the source of the distribution are interim estimates based on GAAP that are subject to revision, and the exact character of the distributions for tax purposes cannot be determined until the final books and records are finalized for the calendar year. Therefore, these estimates are made solely in order to comply with the requirements of Section 19(a) of the 1940 Act and should not be relied upon for tax reporting or any other purposes and could differ significantly from the actual character of distributions for tax purposes. 
 Distribution Policy 
 We generally intend to make distributions on a quarterly basis to our stockholders of substantially all of our income. In order to avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we must distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98.0 of our ordinary income for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of our capital 
 71 

gains in excess of capital losses for the calendar year, and (iii) any ordinary income and net capital gains for the preceding year that were not distributed during such year. We will not be subject to excise taxes on amounts on which we are required to pay corporate income tax (such as retained net capital gains). In order to obtain the tax benefits applicable to RICs, we will be required to distribute to our stockholders with respect to each taxable year at least 90.0 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses. We may retain for investment realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses. We may make deemed distributions to our stockholders of any retained net capital gains. If this happens, our stockholders will be treated as if they received an actual distribution of the capital gains we retain and then reinvested the net after-tax proceeds in our common stock. Our stockholders also may be eligible to claim a tax credit (or, in certain circumstances, a tax refund) equal to their allocable share of the tax we paid on the capital gains deemed distributed to them. Please refer to Business Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations included in Item 1 of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding the consequences of our retention of net capital gains. We may, in the future, make actual distributions to our stockholders of some or all realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses. We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and, if we issue senior securities, we will be prohibited from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratio and related requirements stipulated by the 1940 Act or if distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings or financing arrangements. See Business Regulation of Business Development Companies included in Item 1 of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of our distributions on behalf of our common stockholders, unless a common stockholder elects to receive cash as provided in Business Dividend Reinvestment Plan included in Item I of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Stockholders who receive dividends in the form of stock generally are subject to the same federal, state and local tax consequences as are stockholders who elect to receive their dividends in cash. A stockholder s basis for determining gain or loss upon the sale of stock received in a dividend from us will be equal to the total dollar amount of the dividend payable to the stockholder. Any stock received in a dividend will have a holding period for tax purposes commencing on the day following the day on which the shares are credited to the U.S. stockholder s account. 
 Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 We did not sell any equity securities during the period covered by this report that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 72 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, in connection with our dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders, we directed the Plan Administrator to purchase 99,387 shar es of our common stock for an aggregate of 837,011 i n the open market in order to satisfy our obligati ons to deliver shares of common stock to our stockholders with respect to our dividend declared on November 10, 2022. 
 The following chart summarizes repurchases of our common stock for the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs(2) October 1 through October 31, 2022 50,267 8.35 50,267 8,062 November 1 through November 30, 2022 199,039 9.14 199,039 6,243 December 1 through December 31, 2022 816,020 (1) 8.68 716,633 
 (1) Includes 99,387 shares purchased in the open market pursuant to the terms of our dividend reinvestment plan. 
 (2) In thousands. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return on our common stock with the cumulative total return of the Nasdaq Composite Index, the NYSE Composite Index and the Wells Fargo Business Development Company Index for the five years ended December 31, 2022. This comparison assumes 100.00 was invested in our common stock (or that of Triangle Capital Corporation TCAP ), prior to the Transactions) at the closing price of our common stock on December 31, 2017 and in the comparison groups and assumes the reinvestment of all cash dividends on the ex-dividend date prior to any tax effect. The stock price performance shown on the graph below is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 
 73 

Comparison of Annual Cumulative Total Return(1) 
 among Barings BDC, Inc., the Nasdaq Composite Index, the NYSE Composite Index 
 and the Wells Fargo Business Development Company Index 
 
 12/31/17 3/31/18 6/30/18 9/30/18 12/31/18 3/31/19 6/30/19 9/30/19 12/31/19 Barings BDC, Inc. 100.00 120.77 124.78 149.02 135.51 149.34 151.78 158.76 163.14 NASDAQ Composite Index 100.00 102.59 109.37 117.48 97.16 113.49 117.88 118.09 132.81 NYSE Composite Index 100.00 97.78 98.89 104.09 91.05 102.31 105.89 106.20 114.28 Wells Fargo Business Development Company Index 100.00 98.48 103.91 110.92 95.22 112.46 118.68 122.10 135.11 
 3/31/20 6/30/20 9/30/20 12/31/20 3/31/21 6/30/21 9/30/21 12/31/21 Barings BDC, Inc. 120.75 130.70 134.28 157.43 174.07 187.71 199.73 203.71 NASDAQ Composite Index 114.28 149.64 166.46 192.47 198.15 217.33 216.83 235.15 NYSE Composite Index 85.20 99.00 106.35 122.26 132.11 140.84 138.13 147.54 Wells Fargo Business Development Company Index 86.01 110.03 115.07 134.44 159.34 175.97 186.84 199.52 
 3/31/22 6/30/22 9/30/22 12/31/22 Barings BDC, Inc. 195.21 179.93 163.88 165.99 NASDAQ Composite Index 214.12 166.42 159.90 158.65 NYSE Composite Index 144.14 126.07 117.98 133.75 Wells Fargo Business Development Company Index 205.16 166.65 160.72 180.37 
 (1) From December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. 
 74 

Senior Securities Table of Barings BDC, Inc. 
 (dollar amounts in thousands, except per unit data) 
 2014 December 2022 Notes 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 March 2022 Notes 2015 2016 2017 SBA-guaranteed debentures payable (6) 
 2013 N/A 2014 N/A 2015 N/A 2016 N/A 2017 N/A May 2011 Credit Facility 2013 N/A 2014 N/A 2015 N/A 2016 N/A 2017 N/A August 2018 Credit Facility (7) 
 2018 N/A 2019 N/A February 2019 Credit Facility (8) 
 2019 N/A 2020 N/A 2021 N/A 2022 N/A Debt Securitization 2019 N/A August 2025 Notes 2020 N/A 2021 N/A 2022 N/A 
 75 

N/A 2021 N/A 2022 N/A Series C Notes 2020 N/A 2021 N/A 2022 N/A Series D Notes 2021 N/A 2022 N/A Series E Notes 2021 N/A 2022 N/A November 2026 Notes 2021 N/A 2022 N/A Total Senior Securities 2013 N/A 2014 N/A 2015 N/A 2016 N/A 2017 N/A 2018 N/A 2019 N/A 2020 N/A 2021 N/A 2022 N/A 
 (1) The information in the senior securities tables for 2017 - 2019 and for years prior to 2016 is unaudited. An independent registered public accounting firm has performed agreed-upon procedures related to the accuracy of the total amount outstanding exclusive of treasury securities as of December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 and the asset coverage per unit as of December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019. 
 (2) Total amount of each class of senior securities outstanding at the end of the period presented. 
 (3) Asset coverage per unit is the ratio of the carrying value of our total consolidated assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, to the aggregate amount of senior securities representing indebtedness. Asset coverage per unit is expressed in terms of dollar amounts per 1,000 of indebtedness. All prior period ratios have been conformed with this current presentation. 
 (4) The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the involuntary liquidation of the issuer in preference to any security junior to it. The indicates information which the SEC expressly does not require to be disclosed for certain types of senior securities. 
 (5) 
 (6) We have obtained exemptive relief from the SEC to permit us to exclude the SBA-guaranteed debentures payable from the 200 asset coverage test under the Investment Company Act. 
 (7) The August 2018 Credit Facility was terminated at our election in June 2020. 
 (8) The remaining notes issued in connection with the Debt Securitization were repaid in full in October 2020. 
 76 

Item 6. [ Reserved ] . 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The information in this section contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Please see Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. You should read the following discussion in conjunction with the combined financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following discussion is designed to provide a better understanding of our financial statements, including a brief discussion of our business, key factors that impacted our performance and a summary of our operating results. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included or incorporated by reference in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Historical results and percentage relationships among any amounts in the financial statements are not necessarily indicative of trends in operating results for any future periods. 
 MVC Capital, Inc. Acquisition 
 On December 23, 2020, we completed our acquisition of MVC Capital, Inc., a Delaware corporation MVC (the MVC Acquisition pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the MVC Merger Agreement ), dated as of August 10, 2020, with MVC, Mustang Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary MVC Acquisition Sub ), and Barings LLC, our external investment adviser and our administrator Barings ). To effect the acquisition, MVC Acquisition Sub merged with and into MVC, with MVC surviving the merger as our wholly owned subsidiary (the First MVC Merger ). Immediately thereafter, MVC merged with and into us, with us as the surviving company (the Second MVC Merger and, together with the First MVC Merger, the MVC Merger ). 
 Pursuant to the MVC Merger Agreement, MVC stockholders received the right to the following merger consideration in exchange for each share of MVC common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the First MVC Merger (other than shares of MVC common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the First MVC Merger that were held by a subsidiary of MVC or held, directly or indirectly, by us or MVC Acquisition Sub), in accordance with the MVC Merger Agreement: (i) an amount in cash from Barings, without interest, equal to 0.39492, and (ii) 0.9790836 shares of our common stock, which ratio gave effect to the Euro-dollar exchange rate adjustment mechanism in the MVC Merger Agreement, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares. We issued approximately 17,354,332 shares of our common stock to MVC s then-existing stockholders in connection with the MVC Merger, thereby resulting in our then-existing stockholders owning approximately 73.4 of the combined company and MVC's then-existing stockholders owning approximately 26.6 of the combined company. 
 In connection with the MVC Acquisition, on December 23, 2020, following the closing of the MVC Merger, we entered into (1) an amended and restated investment advisory agreement (the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement with Barings, effective January 1, 2021, and (2) a credit support agreement (the MVC Credit Support Agreement with Barings, pursuant to which Barings has agreed to provide credit support to us in the amount of up to 23.0 million relating to the net cumulative realized and unrealized losses on the acquired MVC investment portfolio over a 10-year period. See Business MVC Capital, Inc. Acquisition and Business Management Agreements Investment Advisory Agreement in Item 1 of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as Note 2 . Agreements and Related Party Transactions and Note 6. Derivative Instruments in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 In addition, in connection with the MVC Merger, we committed to make open-market purchases of shares of our common stock in an aggregate amount of up to 15.0 million at then-current market prices at any time shares trade below 90 of our then most recently disclosed net asset value per share. Any repurchases pursuant to the authorized program occurred during the 12-month period that commenced upon the filing of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, which occurred on May 6, 2021, and were made in accordance with applicable legal, regulatory and contractual requirements, including covenants under our senior secured 
 77 

revolving credit facility with ING Capital LLC (as amended, restated and otherwise modified from time to time, the "February 2019 Credit Facility"). The MVC repurchase program terminated on May 6, 2022. 
 Sierra Income Corporation Acquisition 
 On February 25, 2022, we completed our acquisition of Sierra Income Corporation, a Maryland corporation Sierra ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Sierra Merger Agreement ), dated as of September 21, 2021, with Sierra, Mercury Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Maryland corporation and our direct wholly owned subsidiary Sierra Acquisition Sub ), and Barings. To effect the acquisition, Sierra Acquisition Sub merged with and into Sierra, with Sierra surviving the merger as our wholly owned subsidiary (the First Sierra Merger ). Immediately thereafter, Sierra merged with and into us, with Barings BDC, Inc. as the surviving company (the Second Sierra Merger and, together with the First Sierra Merger, the Sierra Merger ). 
 Pursuant to the Sierra Merger Agreement, each share of Sierra common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Sierra Common Stock ), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the First Sierra Merger (other than shares of Sierra Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the First Sierra Merger that were held by a subsidiary of Sierra or held, directly or indirectly, by us or Sierra Acquisition Sub) was converted into the right to receive (i) an amount in cash from Barings, without interest, equal to 0.9783641, and (ii) 0.44973 shares of our common stock, plus any cash in lieu of fractional shares. As a result of the Sierra Merger, former Sierra stockholders received approximately 46.0 million shares of our common stock for their shares of Sierra Common Stock. 
 In connection with the Sierra Merger, on February 25, 2022, following the closing of the Sierra Merger, we entered into (1) a second amended and restated investment advisory agreement (the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement ), and (2) a credit support agreement (the Sierra Credit Support Agreement with Barings, pursuant to which Barings has agreed to provide credit support to us in the amount of up to 100.0 million relating to the net cumulative realized and unrealized losses on the acquired Sierra investment portfolio over a 10-year period. See Note 2. Agreements and Related Party Transactions and Note 6. Derivative Instruments in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 In addition, in connection with the Sierra Merger, we committed to make open-market purchases of our common stock, pursuant to Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and subject to our compliance with our covenant and regulatory requirements, in an aggregate amount of up to 30.0 million at then-current market prices at any time the shares of our common stock trade below 90 of our then most recently disclosed net asset value per share during the 12-month period commencing on April 1, 2022. 
 Overview of Our Business 
 We are a Maryland corporation incorporated on October 10, 2006. In August 2018, in connection with the closing of an externalization transaction through which Barings agreed to become our external investment adviser, we entered into an investment advisory agreement (the Original Advisory Agreement and an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement with Barings. In connection with the completion of the MVC Acquisition, we entered into the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement with Barings on December 23, 2020, following approval of the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement by our stockholders at our December 23, 2020 special meeting of stockholders. The terms of the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement became effective on January 1, 2021. In connection with the completion of the Sierra Merger on February 25, 2022, we entered into the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement with Barings. Under the terms of the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement, Barings serves as our investment adviser and administrator and manages our investment portfolio and performs (or oversees, or arranges for, the performance of) the administrative services necessary for our operation. 
 An externally-managed BDC generally does not have any employees, and its investment and management functions are provided by an outside investment adviser and administrator under an advisory agreement and administration agreement. Instead of directly compensating employees, we pay Barings for investment management and administrative services pursuant to the terms of an investment advisory agreement and an administration agreement. Under the terms of the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement (and, prior to February 25, 2022, 
 78 

pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement (and prior to January 1, 2021, pursuant to the terms of the Original Advisory Agreement)), the fees paid to Barings for managing our affairs are determined based upon an objective and fixed formula, as compared with the subjective and variable nature of the costs associated with employing management and employees in an internally-managed BDC structure, which include bonuses that cannot be directly tied to Company performance because of restrictions on incentive compensation under the 1940 Act. 
 Beginning in August 2018, Barings shifted our investment focus to invest in syndicated senior secured loans, bonds and other fixed income securities. Since that time, Barings has transitioned our portfolio to primarily senior secured private debt investments in well-established middle-market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries. Barings existing SEC co-investment exemptive relief under the 1940 Act (the Exemptive Relief permits us and Barings affiliated private and SEC-registered funds to co-invest in Barings-originated loans, which allows Barings to efficiently implement its senior secured private debt investment strategy for us. 
 Barings employs fundamental credit analysis, and targets investments in businesses with relatively low levels of cyclicality and operating risk. The holding size of each position will generally be dependent upon a number of factors including total facility size, pricing and structure, and the number of other lenders in the facility. Barings has experience managing levered vehicles, both public and private, and will seek to enhance our returns through the use of leverage with a prudent approach that prioritizes capital preservation. Barings believes this strategy and approach offers attractive risk/return with lower volatility given the potential for fewer defaults and greater resilience through market cycles. A significant portion of our investments are expected to be rated below investment grade by rating agencies or, if unrated would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. Below investment grade securities, which are often referred to as junk, have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. 
 We generate revenues in the form of interest income, primarily from our investments in debt securities, loan origination and other fees and dividend income. Fees generated in connection with our debt investments are recognized over the life of the loan using the effective interest method or, in some cases, recognized as earned. Our senior secured, middle-market, private debt investments generally have terms of between five and seven years. Our senior secured, middle-market, first lien private debt investments generally bear interest between LIBOR (or the applicable currency rate for investments in foreign currencies) plus 450 basis points and LIBOR plus 650 basis points per annum. Our subordinated middle-market, private debt investments generally bear interest between LIBOR (or the applicable currency rate for investments in foreign currencies) plus 700 basis points and LIBOR plus 900 basis points per annum if floating rate, and between 8 and 15 if fixed rate. From time to time, certain of our investments may have a form of interest, referred to as payment-in-kind, or PIK, interest, which is not paid currently but is instead accrued and added to the loan balance and paid at the end of the term. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the weighted average yield on the principal amount of our outstanding debt investments other than non-accrual debt investments was approximately 9.7 and 7.2 , respectively. The weighted average yield on the principal amount of all of our outstanding debt investments (including non-accrual debt investments) was approximately 9.1 and 6.9 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Portfolio Composition 
 The total fair value of our investment portfolio was 2,448.9 million as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 1,800.6 million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had investments in 322 portfolio companies with an aggregate cost of 2,562.4 million. As of December 31, 2021, we had investments in 212 portfolio companies with an aggregate cost of 1,787.8 million. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, none of our portfolio investments represented greater than 10 of the total fair value of our investment portfolio. 
 79 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our investment portfolio consisted of the following investments: 
 in thousands) Cost Percentage of Total Portfolio Fair Value Percentage of Total Portfolio December 31, 2022: 
 Senior debt and 1 st lien notes 
 1,752,943 69 1,696,192 69 Subordinated debt and 2 nd lien notes 
 326,639 13 263,139 11 Structured products 88,805 3 73,550 3 Equity shares 230,188 9 284,570 12 Equity warrants 178 1,057 Investments in joint ventures/PE fund 163,645 6 130,427 5 2,562,398 100 2,448,935 100 December 31, 2021: 
 Senior debt and 1 st lien notes 
 1,217,899 68 1,221,598 68 Subordinated debt and 2 nd lien notes 
 253,551 14 240,037 13 Structured products 37,055 2 40,271 2 Equity shares 145,791 8 154,477 9 Equity warrants 1,111 1,107 Investments in joint ventures/PE fund 132,417 8 143,104 8 1,787,824 100 1,800,594 100 
 Investment Activity 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made 95 new investments totaling 884.8 million, purchased 442.2 million of investments as part of the Sierra Merger, made investments in existing portfolio companies totaling 258.5 million and made additional investments in existing joint venture equity portfolio companies totaling 13.8 million. We had 37 loans repaid totaling 317.6 million, received 59.7 million of portfolio company principal payments and received 68.5 million of return of capital from our joint ventures. In addition, we sold 188.0 million of loans, recognizing a net realized loss on these transactions of 11.5 million, and sold 177.4 million of investments to one of our joint ventures, realizing a loss on these transactions of 5.6 million. We received proceeds related to the sale of equity investments totaling 8.0 million, a distribution from one of our portfolio companies totaling 6.2 million and recognized a net realized gain on such sales and distributions totaling 6.9 million. Lastly, we exchanged a debt investment totaling 13.8 million in one portfolio company for equity totaling 13.9 million and realized a loss on such exchange of 0.8 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we made 112 new investments totaling 1,069.4 million, made investments in existing portfolio companies totaling 234.0 million, made a new joint venture equity investment totaling 13.7 million, made additional investments in existing joint venture equity portfolio companies totaling 79.4 million and made an 89.8 million equity co-investment alongside certain affiliates in a portfolio company focused on directly originated, senior-secured asset-based loans to middle-market companies. We had 34 loans repaid at par totaling total 282.8 million and received 36.1 million of portfolio company principal payments. In addition, we sold 252.9 million of loans, recognizing a net realized gain on these transactions of 2.5 million, and sold 536.4 million of investments to our joint venture, realizing a loss on these transactions of 1.4 million. Lastly, we received proceeds related to the sale of equity investments totaling 8.6 million and recognized a net realized gain on such sales totaling 1.6 million. 
 80 

Total portfolio investment activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 
 in thousands) 
 Senior Debt and 1 st Lien Notes 
 Subordinated Debt and 2 nd Lien Notes 
 Structured Products Equity Shares Equity Warrants Investments in Joint Ventures/ PE Fund Total Fair value, beginning of period 1,221,598 240,037 40,271 154,477 1,107 143,104 1,800,594 New investments 964,253 95,157 15,953 81,863 4 13,796 1,171,026 Investments acquired in Sierra merger 235,769 66,662 46,666 7,065 72 85,963 442,197 Proceeds from sales of investments (348,949) (21,555) (6,421) (7,706) (250) (74,712) (459,593) Loan origination fees received (18,803) (1,317) (20,120) Principal repayments received (297,793) (77,293) (4,470) (379,556) Payment-in-kind interest/dividend 4,773 11,330 1677 17,780 Accretion of loan premium/discount 2,108 192 22 2,322 Accretion of deferred loan origination revenue 8,845 2,693 11,538 Realized gain (loss) (15,159) (2,781) 1,499 (760) 6,181 (11,020) Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (60,450) (49,986) (18,471) 45,695 884 (43,905) (126,233) Fair value, end of period 1,696,192 263,139 73,550 284,570 1,057 130,427 2,448,935 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 in thousands) 
 Senior Debt 
 and 1 st Lien 
 Notes 
 Subordinated 
 Debt and 2 nd 
 Lien Notes 
 Structured Products Equity Shares Equity Warrants Investments in Joint Ventures/ PE Fund Short-term Investments Total Fair value, beginning of period 1,171,251 138,767 32,509 44,651 1,300 41,760 65,558 1,495,796 New investments 1,104,332 160,738 19,815 108,112 163 93,134 297,561 1,783,855 Proceeds from sales of investments (765,418) (13,684) (10,068) (8,269) (450) (363,118) (1,161,007) Loan origination fees received (26,844) (3,660) (30,504) Principal repayments received (275,646) (39,273) (4,008) (318,927) Payment-in- kind interest 3,112 8,504 11,616 Accretion of loan premium/discount 2,033 2,582 31 4,646 Accretion of deferred loan origination revenue 8,841 603 9,444 Realized gain (loss) 52 (36) 1,213 1,255 163 (1) 2,646 Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (115) (14,504) 779 8,728 (69) 8,210 3,029 Fair value, end of period 1,221,598 240,037 40,271 154,477 1,107 143,104 1,800,594 
 Non-Accrual Assets 
 Generally, when interest and/or principal payments on a loan become past due, or if we otherwise do not expect the borrower to be able to service its debt and other obligations, we will place the loan on non-accrual status and will generally cease recognizing interest income on that loan for financial reporting purposes until all principal 
 81 

and interest have been brought current through payment or due to a restructuring such that the interest income is deemed to be collectible. As of December 31, 2022, we had seven portfolio companies with investments on non-accrual, the fair value of which was 24.3 million, which comprised 1.0 of the total fair value of our portfolio, and the cost of which was 98.8 million, which comprised 3.9 of the total cost of our portfolio. As of December 31, 2021, we had two portfolio companies with investments on non-accrual, the fair value of which was 36.0 million, which comprised 2.0 of the total fair value of our portfolio, and the cost of which was 50.9 million, which comprised 2.9 of the total cost of our portfolio. 
 A summary of our non-accrual assets as of December 31, 2022 is provided below: 
 1888 Industrial Services, LLC 
 In connection with the Sierra Merger, we purchased our debt and equity investments in 1888 Industrial Services, LLC, or 1888. The 1888 debt investments are on non-accrual status and as a result, under U.S. GAAP, we will not recognize interest income on our debt investments in 1888 for financial reporting purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the cost of our debt investments in 1888 was 1.9 million and the fair value of such investments was 1.3 million. 
 Black Angus Steakhouse, LLC 
 In connection with the Sierra Merger, we purchased our debt and equity investments in Black Angus Steakhouse, LLC, or Black Angus. The Black Angus PIK term loan is on non-accrual status and as a result, under U.S. GAAP, we will not recognize interest income on our PIK term loan in Black Angus for financial reporting purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the cost of the PIK term loan in Black Angus was 9.6 million and the fair value of such investment was 9.1 million. 
 Core Scientific, Inc. 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we placed our debt investment in Core Scientific, Inc. Core Scientific on non-accrual status effective with the monthly payment due October 31, 2022. As a result, under U.S. GAAP, we will not recognize interest income on our debt investment in Core Scientific for financial reporting purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the cost of our debt investment in Core Scientific was 29.6 million and the fair value of such investment was 11.1 million. 
 Custom Alloy Corporation 
 In connection with the MVC Acquisition, we purchased our debt investment in Custom Alloy Corporation, or Custom Alloy. During the quarter ended December 31, 2021, we placed our debt investment in Custom Alloy on non-accrual status. As a result, under U.S. GAAP, we will not recognize interest income on our debt investment in Custom Alloy for financial reporting purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the cost of our debt investment in Custom Alloy was 46.4 million and the fair value of such investment was 2.2 million. 
 Holland Acquisition Corp. 
 In connection with the Sierra Merger, we purchased our debt investment in Holland Acquisition Corp., or Holland. Holland is on non-accrual status and as a result, under U.S. GAAP, we will not recognize interest income on our debt investments in Holland for financial reporting purposes. As of December 31, 2022, both the cost and fair value of our debt investments in Holland was zero. 
 Isagenix International, LLC 
 In connection with the Sierra Merger, we purchased our debt investment in Isagenix International, LLC, or Isagenix. During the quarter ended September 30, 2022, we placed our debt investment in Isagenix on non-accrual status. As a result, under U.S. GAAP, we will not recognize interest income on our debt investment in Isagenix for financial reporting purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the cost of our debt investment in Isagenix was 1.2 million and the fair value of such investment was 0.6 million. 
 82 

Legal Solutions Holdings 
 In connection with the MVC Acquisition, we purchased our debt investment in Legal Solutions Holdings, or Legal Solutions. During the quarter ended September 30, 2021, we placed our debt investment in Legal Solutions on non-accrual status. As a result, under U.S. GAAP, we will not recognize interest income on our debt investment in Legal Solutions for financial reporting purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the cost of our debt investment in Legal Solutions was 10.1 million and the fair value of such investment was zero. 
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Set forth below is a comparison of the results of operations and changes in financial condition for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The comparison of, and changes between, the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 can be found within Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Total investment income 219,129 135,335 Total operating expenses 102,862 76,368 Net investment income before taxes 116,267 58,967 Income taxes, including excise tax expense 611 7 Net investment income after taxes 115,656 58,960 Net realized gains (losses) 12,861 (3,379) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (123,041) 22,105 Provision for taxes (795) (1) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 4,681 77,685 
 Net increases or decreases in net assets resulting from operations vary substantially from period to period due to various factors, including recognition of realized gains and losses and unrealized appreciation and depreciation. As a result, yearly comparisons of net increases or decreases in net assets resulting from operations may not be meaningful. 
 Investment Income 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Investment income: Total interest income 161,488 102,439 Total dividend income 30,204 8,879 Total fee and other income 14,923 13,020 Total payment-in-kind interest income 12,122 10,996 Interest income from cash 392 1 Total investment income 219,129 135,335 
 The change in total investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to an increase in the average size of our portfolio, an increase in the weighted average yield on the portfolio from higher base rates, an increase in acceleration of unamortized OID and unamortized loan origination fee income associated with repayments of loans, an increase in payment-in-kind PIK interest income and increased dividends from portfolio companies and joint venture investments. The increase in the average size of our portfolio was largely due to the increased middle-market investment and special situation investment opportunities and the investments acquired as part of the Sierra Merger. The amount of our outstanding debt investments was 2,281.7 million as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 1,554.5 million as of 
 83 

December 31, 2021.The weighted average yield on the principal amount of our outstanding debt investments, other than non-accrual debt investments was 9.7 as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 7.2 as of December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, acceleration of unamortized OID income and unamortized loan origination fees totaled 6.6 million, as compared to 6.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, PIK interest income was 12.1 million, as compared to 11.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, dividends from portfolio companies and joint venture investments were 30.2 million, as compared to 8.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Operating expenses: Interest and other financing fees 56,865 33,014 Base management fee 29,501 19,517 Incentive management fees 6,579 14,742 General and administrative expenses 9,917 9,095 Total operating expenses 102,862 76,368 
 Interest and Other Financing Fees 
 Interest and other financing fees during both the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were attributable to borrowings under the February 2019 Credit Facility, the August 2025 Notes, the November Notes, the February Notes and the November 2026 Notes (each as defined below under Liquidity and Capital Resources ). The increase in interest and other financing fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily attributable increased borrowings under the February 2019 Credit Facility, as well as an increase in the weighted average interest rate on the February 2019 Credit Facility. The weighted average interest on the February 2019 Credit Facility was 5.6 as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 2.1 as of December 31, 2021. 
 Base Management Fees 
 Under the terms of the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement, we pay Barings a base management fee (the Base Management Fee ), quarterly in arrears on a calendar quarter basis. The Base Management Fee is calculated based on the average value of our gross assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters prior to the quarter for which such fees are being calculated. Base Management Fees for any partial month or quarter are appropriately pro-rated. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the terms of the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement (and, from January 1, 2021 to February 25, 2022, the terms of the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement) and the fee arrangements thereunder. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Base Management Fee was approximately 29.5 million and 19.5 million, respectively. The increase in the Base Management Fee for the year ended December 31, 2022 versus the corresponding 2021 period is primarily related to the average value of gross assets increasing from 1,873.5 million as of the end of the four most recently completed calendar quarters prior to December 31, 2021 to 2,621.7 million as of the end of the four most recently completed calendar quarters prior to December 31, 2022. The Base Management Fee rate was 1.250 for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 84 

Incentive Fee 
 Under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement (and, from January 1, 2021 to February 25, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement (and, prior to January 1, 2021, under the terms of the Original Advisory Agreement)), we pay Barings an incentive fee. A portion of the incentive fee is based on our income and a portion is based on our capital gains. The income-based fee will be determined and paid quarterly in arrears based on the amount by which (x) the aggregate pre-incentive fee net investment income in respect of the current calendar quarter and the eleven preceding calendar quarters beginning with the calendar quarter that commences on or after January 1, 2021, as the case may be (or the appropriate portion thereof in the case of any of our first eleven calendar quarters that commences on or after January 1, 2021) exceeds (y) the hurdle amount as calculated for the same period. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the terms of the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement and the fee arrangements thereunder. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the amount of income-based fee incurred was 6.6 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the amount of income-based fee incurred was 14.7 million. The Income-Based Fee is subject to a cap (the Incentive Fee Cap ). The Incentive Fee Cap in any quarter is an amount equal to (a) 20 of the Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Return during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters less (b) the aggregate Income-Based Fee that were paid to the Adviser in the preceding eleven calendar quarters (or portion thereof) comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the terms of the Incentive Fee Cap. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 We entered into the Administration Agreement with Barings in August 2018. Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, Barings performs (or oversees, or arranges for, the performance of) the administrative services necessary for our operations. We reimburse Barings for the costs and expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities under the Administration Agreement in an amount to be negotiated and mutually agreed to by us and Barings quarterly in arrears; provided that the agreed-upon quarterly expense amount will not exceed the amount of expenses that would otherwise be reimbursable by us under the Administration Agreement for the applicable quarterly period, and Barings will not be entitled to the recoupment of any amounts in excess of the agreed-upon quarterly expense amount. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the Administration Agreement. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of administration expense incurred and invoiced by Barings for expenses was approximately 3.4 million and 2.5 million, respectively. In addition to expenses incurred under the Administration Agreement, general and administrative expenses include fees payable to the members of our board of directors (the Board for their service on the Board, D O insurance costs, as well as legal and accounting expenses. 
 Net Realized Gains (Losses) 
 Net realized gains (losses) during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Net realized gains (losses): Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments (16,580) 2,747 Affiliate investments 101 (101) Control investments (722) Net realized gains (losses) on investments (17,201) 2,646 Distributions of realized gains by investment companies 6,181 Foreign currency transactions 23,881 (6,025) Net realized gain (losses) 12,861 (3,379) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a net realized gain totaling 12.9 million, which consisted primarily of a net gain on foreign currency transactions of 23.9 million and a 6.2 million dividend from a portfolio company that was recognized as a net realized gain, partially offset by net losses on our loan portfolio of 17.2 million. 
 85 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a net realized loss totaling 3.4 million, which consisted primarily of a net loss on foreign currency transactions of 6.0 million, partially offset by a net gain on our loan portfolio of 2.6 million. 
 Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation): Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments (132,771) (11,087) Affiliate investments (916) 17,585 Control investments 9,498 (3,469) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments (124,189) 3,029 Credit support agreements (6,714) 1,800 Foreign currency transactions 7,862 17,276 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (123,041) 22,105 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded net unrealized depreciation totaling 123.0 million consisting of net unrealized depreciation on our current portfolio of 122.3 million, unrealized depreciation of 3.0 million on the MVC Credit Support Agreement with Barings, unrealized depreciation of 3.7 million on the Sierra Credit Support Agreement with Barings and unrealized depreciation reclassification adjustments of 3.9 million related to realized gains and losses recognized during the year, net of unrealized appreciation related to foreign currency transactions of 7.9 million and a deferred tax asset of 2.0 million. The net unrealized depreciation on our current portfolio of 122.3 million was driven primarily by broad market moves for investments of 94.1 million, the credit or fundamental performance of investments of 5.9 million and the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on investments of 22.3 million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded net unrealized appreciation totaling 22.1 million consisting of net unrealized appreciation on our current portfolio of 11.4 million, net unrealized appreciation related to foreign currency transactions of 17.3 million and net unrealized appreciation of 1.8 million on the MVC Credit Support Agreement with Barings, net of unrealized depreciation reclassification adjustments of 8.4 million related to realized gains and losses recognized during the year. The net unrealized appreciation on our current portfolio of 11.4 million was driven primarily by broad market moves for investments of 31.5 million partially offset by the credit or fundamental performance of investments of 5.9 million and the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on investments of 14.2 million. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We believe that our current cash and foreign currencies on hand, our available borrowing capacity under the February 2019 Credit Facility and our anticipated cash flows from operations will be adequate to meet our cash needs for our daily operations for at least the next twelve months. This Liquidity and Capital Resources section should be read in conjunction with the notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Cash Flows 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced a net increase in cash in the amount of 55.2 million. During that period, our operating activities provided 86.3 million in cash, consisting primarily of net cash acquired from the acquisition of Sierra of 101.9 million and proceeds from sales or repayments of portfolio investments totaling 1,041.4 million, partially offset by purchases of portfolio investments of 1,162.2 million. In addition, our financing activities used net cash of 31.1 million, consisting primarily of dividends paid in the amount of 93.7 million and share repurchases of 32.1 million, partially offset by net borrowings under the February 2019 Credit Facility (as defined below under Financing Transactions of 96.6 million. At December 31, 2022, we had 139.4 million of cash and foreign currencies on hand. 
 86 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we experienced a net decrease in cash in the amount of 8.2 million. During that period, our operating activities used 396.6 million in cash, consisting primarily of purchases of portfolio investments of 1,461.1 million and purchases of short-term investments of 297.6 million, partially offset by proceeds from sales or repayments of portfolio investments totaling 943.9 million and proceeds from the sales of short-term investments of 363.1 million. In addition, financing activities provided net cash of 388.3 million, consisting of net proceeds of 343.1 million from the issuance of the November 2026 Notes and 149.8 million from the issuance of the February Notes (both as defined below under Financing Transactions ), partially offset by net repayments under the February 2019 Credit Facility of 50.8 million and dividends paid in the amount of 53.6 million. At December 31, 2021, we had 84.3 million of cash and foreign currencies on hand. 
 Financing Transactions 
 February 2019 Credit Facility 
 On February 21, 2019, we entered into a senior secured credit facility with ING Capital LLC ING ), as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (as amended, restated and otherwise modified from time to time, the February 2019 Credit Facility ). The initial commitments under the February 2019 Credit Facility total 800.0 million. Effective on November 4, 2021, we increased aggregate commitments under the February 2019 Credit Facility to 875.0 million from 800.0 million pursuant to the accordion feature under the February 2019 Credit Facility, which allows for an increase in the total commitments to an aggregate of 1.2 billion subject to certain conditions and the satisfaction of specified financial covenants. Effective on February 25, 2022, we increased aggregate commitments under the February 2019 Credit Facility to 965.0 million from 875.0 million pursuant to the accordion feature under the February 2019 Credit Facility, and the allowance for an increase in the total commitments increased to 1.5 billion from 1.2 billion subject to certain conditions and the satisfaction of specified financial covenants. Effective on April 1, 2022, we increased the aggregate commitments under the February 2019 Credit Facility to 1.1 billion from 965.0 million pursuant to the accordion feature under the February 2019 Credit Facility, which allows for an increase in the total commitments to an aggregate of 1.5 billion subject to certain conditions and the satisfaction of specified financial covenants. We can borrow foreign currencies directly under the February 2019 Credit Facility. The February 2019 Credit Facility, which is structured as a revolving credit facility, is secured primarily by a material portion of our assets and guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries. Following the termination of the August 2018 Credit Facility on June 30, 2020, Barings BDC Senior Funding I, LLC, our indirect wholly-owned Delaware limited liability company, became a subsidiary guarantor whose assets secure the February 2019 Credit Facility. The revolving period of the February 2019 Credit Facility ends on February 21, 2024, followed by a one-year repayment period with a maturity date of February 21, 2025. 
 Borrowings denominated in U.S. Dollars under the February 2019 Credit Facility bear interest, subject to our election, on a per annum basis equal to (i) the alternate base rate plus 1.25 (or 1.00 for so long as we maintain an investment grade credit rating) or (ii) the term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus 2.25 (or 2.00 for so long as we maintain an investment grade credit rating) plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 for borrowings with an interest period of one month, 0.15 for borrowings with an interest period of three months or 0.25 for borrowings with an interest period of six months. For borrowings denominated in certain foreign currencies other than Australian dollars, the applicable currency rate for the foreign currency as defined in the credit agreement plus 2.00 (or 2.25 if we no longer maintain an investment grade credit rating) or for borrowings denominated in Australian dollars, the applicable Australian dollars Screen Rate, plus 2.20 (or 2.45 if we no longer maintain an investment grade credit rating). The alternate base rate is equal to the greatest of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.5 , (iii) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate plus 0.5 , (iv) one-month term SOFR plus 1.0 plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 and (v) 1.0 . 
 In addition, we pay a commitment fee of (i) 0.5 per annum on undrawn amounts if the unused portion of the February 2019 Credit Facility is greater than two-thirds of total commitments or (ii) 0.375 per annum on undrawn amounts if the unused portion of the February 2019 Credit Facility is equal to or less than two-thirds of total commitments. In connection with entering into the February 2019 Credit Facility, we incurred financing fees of approximately 6.4 million, which will be amortized over the life of the February 2019 Credit Facility. In connection with the February 2022 and April 2022 amendments and commitment increases, we incurred financing 
 87 

fees of approximately 1.7 million, which will be amortized over the remaining life of the February 2019 Credit Facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under the February 2019 Credit Facility and we had U.S. dollar borrowings of 497.5 million outstanding under the February 2019 Credit Facility with an interest rate of 6.324 (one month SOFR of 4.224 ), borrowings denominated in Swedish kronas of 12.8kr million 1.2 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 4.375 (one month STIBOR of 2.375 ), borrowings denominated in British pounds sterling of 68.6 million 82.5 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 4.960 (one month SONIA of 2.960 and borrowings denominated in Euros of 138.6 million 147.9 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 3.625 (one month EURIBOR of 1.625 ). The borrowings denominated in foreign currencies were translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. The impact resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on the February 2019 Credit Facility borrowings is included in Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) - foreign currency transactions: in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The fair values of the borrowings outstanding under the February 2019 Credit Facility are based on a market yield approach and current interest rates, which are Level 3 inputs to the market yield model. As of December 31, 2022 , the total fair value of the borrowings outstanding under the February 2019 Credit Facility was 729.1 million. See Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the February 2019 Credit Facility. 
 Term Debt Securitization 
 On May 9, 2019, we completed the Debt Securitization. Term debt securitizations are also known as collateralized loan obligations and are a form of secured financing, which is consolidated for financial reporting purposes and subject to our overall asset coverage requirement. The notes offered in the Debt Securitization (collectively, the 2019 Notes ), were issued by Barings BDC Static CLO Ltd. 2019-I, BBDC Static CLO Ltd. and Barings BDC Static CLO 2019-I, LLC, our wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiaries. BBDC Static CLO Ltd. and Barings BDC Static CLO 2019-I, LLC are collectively referred to herein as the Issuers. The 2019 Notes were secured by a diversified portfolio of senior secured loans and participation interests therein. The Debt Securitization was executed through a private placement of approximately 296.8 million of AAA(sf) Class A-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate 2019 Notes (the Class A-1 2019 Notes ), which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 1.02 ; 51.5 million of AA(sf) Class A-2 Senior Secured Floating Rate 2019 Notes (the Class A-2 2019 Notes ), which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 1.65 ; and 101.0 million of Subordinated 2019 Notes which did not bear interest and were not rated. We retained all of the Subordinated 2019 Notes issued in the Debt Securitization in exchange for our sale and contribution to BBDC Static CLO Ltd. of the initial closing date portfolio, which included senior secured loans and participation interests. The 2019 Notes were scheduled to mature on April 15, 2027; however the 2019 Notes could be redeemed by the Issuers, at our direction as holder of the Subordinated 2019 Notes, on any business day after May 9, 2020. In connection with the sale and contribution, we made customary representations, warranties and covenants to the Issuers. 
 The Class A-1 2019 Notes and Class A-2 2019 Notes were the secured obligations of the Issuers, the Subordinated 2019 Notes were the unsecured obligations of BBDC Static CLO Ltd., and the indenture governing the 2019 Notes included customary covenants and events of default. The 2019 Notes were not registered under the Securities Act or any state securities or blue sky laws and could not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or an applicable exemption from registration. 
 We served as collateral manager to BBDC Static CLO Ltd. under a collateral management agreement and we agreed to irrevocably waive all collateral management fees payable pursuant to the collateral management agreement. 
 The Class A-1 2019 Notes and the Class A-2 2019 Notes issued in connection with the Debt Securitization had floating rate interest provisions based on the three-month LIBOR that reset quarterly, except that LIBOR for the first interest accrual period was calculated by reference to an interpolation between the rate for deposits with a term equal 
 88 

to the next shorter period of time for which rates were available and the rate appearing for deposits with a term equal to the next longer period of time for which rates were available. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2019, 30.0 million of Class A-1 2019 Notes were repaid. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the remaining 2019 Notes were repaid in full, with the final repayment on October 15, 2020. See Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the Debt Securitization. 
 August 2025 Notes 
 On August 3, 2020, we entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the August 2020 NPA with Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company governing the issuance of (1) 50.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series A senior unsecured notes due August 2025 (the Series A Notes due 2025 with a fixed interest rate of 4.66 per year, and (2) up to 50.0 million in aggregate principal amount of additional senior unsecured notes due August 2025 with a fixed interest rate per year to be determined (the Additional Notes and, collectively with the Series A Notes due 2025, the August 2025 Notes ), in each case, to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. An aggregate principal amount of 25.0 million of the Series A Notes due 2025 was issued on September 24, 2020 and an aggregate principal amount of 25.0 million of the Series A Notes due 2025 was issued on September 29, 2020, both of which will mature on August 4, 2025 unless redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by us in accordance with their terms. Interest on the August 2025 Notes is due semiannually in March and September, beginning in March 2021. In addition, we are obligated to offer to repay the August 2025 Notes at par (plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of prepayment) if certain change in control events occur. Subject to the terms of the August 2020 NPA, we may redeem the August 2025 Notes in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option at par plus accrued interest to the prepayment date and, if redeemed on or before November 3, 2024, a make-whole premium. The August 2025 Notes are guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries, and are our general unsecured obligations that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by us. 
 The Company s permitted issuance period for the Additional Notes under the August 2020 NPA expired on February 3, 2022, prior to which date the Company issued no Additional Notes. 
 The August 2020 NPA contains certain representations and warranties, and various covenants and reporting requirements customary for senior unsecured notes issued in a private placement, including, without limitation, affirmative and negative covenants such as information reporting, maintenance of our status as a BDC within the meaning of the 1940 Act, certain restrictions with respect to transactions with affiliates, fundamental changes, changes of line of business, permitted liens, investments and restricted payments, minimum shareholders equity, maximum net debt to equity ratio and minimum asset coverage ratio. The August 2020 NPA also contains customary events of default with customary cure and notice periods, including, without limitation, nonpayment, incorrect representation in any material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default under our other indebtedness or that of our subsidiary guarantors, certain judgements and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the holders of at least 66-2/3 in principal amount of the August 2025 Notes at the time outstanding may declare all August 2025 Notes then outstanding to be immediately due and payable. As of December 31, 2022 , we were in compliance with all covenants under the August 2020 NPA. 
 The August 2025 Notes were offered in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The August 2025 Notes have not and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, as applicable. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the outstanding August 2025 Notes was 46.1 million. The fair value determination of the August 2025 Notes was based on a market yield approach and current interest rates, which are Level 3 inputs to the market yield model. 

89 

November Notes 
 On November 4, 2020, we entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the November 2020 NPA governing the issuance of (1) 62.5 million in aggregate principal amount of Series B senior unsecured notes due November 2025 (the Series B Notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.25 per year and (2) 112.5 million in aggregate principal amount of Series C senior unsecured notes due November 2027 (the Series C Notes, and, collectively with the Series B Notes, the November Notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.75 per year, in each case, to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. Each stated interest rate is subject to a step up of (x) 0.75 per year, to the extent the applicable November Notes do not satisfy certain investment grade conditions and/or (y) 1.50 per year, to the extent the ratio of our secured debt to total assets exceeds specified thresholds, measured as of each fiscal quarter end. The November Notes were delivered and paid for on November 5, 2020. 
 The Series B Notes will mature on November 4, 2025, and the Series C Notes will mature on November 4, 2027 unless redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by us in accordance with their terms. Interest on the November Notes is due semiannually in May and November, beginning in May 2021. In addition, we are obligated to offer to repay the November Notes at par (plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of prepayment) if certain change in control events occur. Subject to the terms of the November 2020 NPA, we may redeem the Series B Notes and the Series C Notes in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option at par plus accrued interest to the prepayment date and, if redeemed on or before May 4, 2025, with respect to the Series B Notes, or on or before May 4, 2027, with respect to the Series C Notes, a make-whole premium . The November Notes are guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries, and are our general unsecured obligations that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by us. 
 The November 2020 NPA contains certain representations and warranties, and various covenants and reporting requirements customary for senior unsecured notes issued in a private placement, including, without limitation, affirmative and negative covenants such as information reporting, maintenance of our status as a BDC within the meaning of the 1940 Act, certain restrictions with respect to transactions with affiliates, fundamental changes, changes of line of business, permitted liens, investments and restricted payments, minimum shareholders equity, maximum net debt to equity ratio and minimum asset coverage ratio. The November 2020 NPA also contains customary events of default with customary cure and notice periods, including, without limitation, nonpayment, incorrect representation in any material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default under our other indebtedness or that of our subsidiary guarantors, certain judgements and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the holders of at least 66-2/3 in principal amount of the November Notes at the time outstanding may declare all November Notes then outstanding to be immediately due and payable. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under the November 2020 NPA. 
 The November Notes were offered in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The November Notes have not and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, as applicable. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the outstanding Series B Notes and the Series C Notes was 56.8 million and 97.7 million, respectively. The fair value determinations of the Series B Notes and Series C Notes were based on a market yield approach and current interest rates, which are Level 3 inputs to the market yield model. 
 February Notes 
 On February 25, 2021, we entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the February 2021 NPA governing the issuance of (1) 80.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series D senior unsecured notes due February 26, 2026 (the Series D Notes with a fixed interest rate of 3.41 per year and (2) 70.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series E senior unsecured notes due February 26, 2028 (the Series E Notes and, collectively with the Series D Notes, the February Notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.06 per year, in each case, to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. Each stated interest rate is subject to a step up of (x) 0.75 per year, to the extent the applicable February Notes do not satisfy certain investment grade rating conditions and/or (y) 1.50 
 90 

per year, to the extent the ratio of our secured debt to total assets exceeds specified thresholds, measured as of each fiscal quarter end. The February Notes were delivered and paid for on February 26, 2021. 
 The Series D Notes will mature on February 26, 2026, and the Series E Notes will mature on February 26, 2028 unless redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by us in accordance with the terms of the February 2021 NPA. Interest on the February Notes is due semiannually in February and August of each year, beginning in August 2021. In addition, we are obligated to offer to repay the February Notes at par (plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of prepayment) if certain change in control events occur. Subject to the terms of the February 2021 NPA, we may redeem the Series D Notes and the Series E Notes in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option at par plus accrued interest to the prepayment date and, if redeemed on or before August 26, 2025, with respect to the Series D Notes, or on or before August 26, 2027, with respect to the Series E Notes, a make-whole premium. The February Notes are guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries, and are our general unsecured obligations that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by us. 
 The February 2021 NPA contains certain representations and warranties, and various covenants and reporting requirements customary for senior unsecured notes issued in a private placement, including, without limitation, information reporting, maintenance of our status as a BDC within the meaning of the 1940 Act, and certain restrictions with respect to transactions with affiliates, fundamental changes, changes of line of business, permitted liens, investments and restricted payments. In addition, the February 2021 NPA contains the following financial covenants: (a) maintaining a minimum obligors net worth, measured as of each fiscal quarter end; (b) not permitting our asset coverage ratio, as of the date of the incurrence of any debt for borrowed money or the making of any cash dividend to shareholders, to be less than the statutory minimum then applicable to us under the 1940 Act; and (c) not permitting our net debt to equity ratio to exceed 2.0x, measured as of each fiscal quarter end. 
 The February 2021 NPA also contains customary events of default with customary cure and notice periods, including, without limitation, nonpayment, incorrect representation in any material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default under other indebtedness or that of our subsidiary guarantors, certain judgements and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. Upon the occurrence of certain events of default, the holders of at least 66-2/3 in principal amount of the February Notes at the time outstanding may declare all February Notes then outstanding to be immediately due and payable. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under the February 2021 NPA. 
 The February Notes were offered in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The February Notes have not and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, as applicable. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the outstanding Series D Notes and the Series E Notes was 69.6 million and 57.8 million, respectively. The fair value determinations of the Series D Notes and Series E Notes were based on a market yield approach and current interest rates, which are Level 3 inputs to the market yield model. 
 November 2026 Notes 
 On November 23, 2021, we entered into an Indenture (the Base Indenture and a Supplemental Indenture (the First Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture with U.S. Bank National Association (the Trustee ). The First Supplemental Indenture relates to our issuance of 350.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.300 notes due 2026 (the November 2026 Notes ). 
 The November 2026 Notes will mature on November 23, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at our option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. The November 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of 3.300 per year payable semi-annually on May 23 and November 23 of each year, commencing on May 23, 2022. The November 2026 Notes are our general unsecured obligations that rank senior in right of payment to all of our existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the November 2026 Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness 
 91 

issued by us, rank effectively junior to any of our secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that we later secure) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by our subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring us to comply with the asset coverage requirements of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(1) and (2) of the 1940 Act, whether or not it is subject to those requirements, and to provide financial information to the holders of the November 2026 Notes and the Trustee if we are no longer subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture. 
 In addition, on the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event, as defined in the Indenture, we will generally be required to make an offer to purchase the outstanding November 2026 Notes at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount of such November 2026 Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date. 
 The November 2026 Notes were offered to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to certain non-U.S. persons outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Concurrent with the closing of November 2026 Notes offering, we entered into a registration rights agreement for the benefit of the purchasers of the November 2026 Notes. Pursuant to the terms of this registration rights agreement, we filed a registration statement on Form N-14 with the SEC, which was subsequently declared effective, to permit electing holders of the November 2026 Notes to exchange all of their outstanding restricted November 2026 Notes for an equal aggregate principal amount of new November 2026 Notes (the Exchange Notes ). The Exchange Notes have terms substantially identical to the terms of the November 2026 Notes, except that the Exchange Notes are registered under the Securities Act, and certain transfer restrictions, registration rights, and additional interest provisions relating to the November 2026 Notes do not apply to the Exchange Notes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the outstanding November 2026 Notes was 294.6 million. The fair value determinations of the November 2026 Notes were based on a market yield approach and current interest rates, which are Level 3 inputs to the market yield model. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On February 27, 2020, the Board approved an open-market share repurchase program for the 2020 fiscal year (the 2020 Share Repurchase Program ). Under the 2020 Share Repurchase Program, we were authorized during fiscal year 2020 to repurchase up to a maximum of 5.0 of the amount of shares outstanding as of February 27, 2020 if shares traded below NAV per share, subject to liquidity and regulatory constraints. 
 Purchases under the 2020 Share Repurchase Program were made in open-market transactions and included transactions being executed by a broker selected us that had been delegated the authority to repurchase shares on our behalf in the open market in accordance with applicable rules under the Exchange Act, including Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 thereunder, and pursuant to, and under the terms and limitations of, the 2020 Share Repurchase Program. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we repurchased a total of 989,050 shares of our common stock in the open market under the 2020 Share Repurchase Program at an average price of 7.21 per share, including broker commissions. 
 In addition, in connection with the closing of the MVC Acquisition on December 23, 2020, we committed to make open-market purchases of shares of our common stock in an aggregate amount of up to 15.0 million at then-current market prices at any time shares trade below 90 of our then most recently disclosed NAV per share. Any repurchases pursuant to the authorized program occurred during the 12-month period that commenced upon the filing of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, which occurred on May 6, 2021, and were made in accordance with applicable legal, contractual and regulatory requirements. The MVC-related repurchase program terminated on May 6, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased a total of 207,677 shares of common stock in the open market under the authorized program at an average price of 10.14 per share, including broker commissions. The MVC repurchase program terminated on May 6, 2022. 
 92 

In connection with the completion of the acquisition of Sierra, we committed to make open-market purchases of shares of our common stock in an aggregate amount of up to 30.0 million at then-current market prices at any time shares trade below 90 of our then most recently disclosed NAV per share. Any repurchases pursuant to the authorized program were to occur during the 12-month period commencing on April 1, 2022 and were made in accordance with a Rule 10b5-1 purchase plan that qualifies for the safe harbors provided by Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, as well as subject to compliance with our covenant and regulatory requirements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had repurchased the maximum amount of 30.0 million of common stock authorized under the Sierra share repurchase program. In total under the Sierra share repurchase program, we repurchased a total of 3,179,168 shares of common stock in the open market under the authorized program at an average price of 9.44 per share, including broker commissions. 
 Distributions to Stockholders 
 We intend to pay quarterly distributions to our stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan DRIP that provides for reinvestment of dividends on behalf of our stockholders, unless a stockholder elects to receive cash. As a result, when we declare a dividend, stockholders who have not opted out of the DRIP will have their dividends automatically reinvested in shares of our common stock, rather than receiving cash dividends. 
 We have elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code, and intend to make the required distributions to our stockholders as specified therein. In order to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC and to obtain RIC tax benefits, we must meet certain minimum distribution, source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. If such requirements are met, then we are generally required to pay income taxes only on the portion of our taxable income and gains we do not distribute (actually or constructively) and certain built-in gains. We have historically met our minimum distribution requirements and continually monitor our distribution requirements with the goal of ensuring compliance with the Code. We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any level of cash distributions and our ability to make distributions will be limited by the asset coverage requirement and related provisions under the 1940 Act and contained in any applicable indenture or financing agreement and related supplements. In addition, in order to satisfy the annual distribution requirement applicable to RICs, we may declare a significant portion of our dividends in shares of our common stock instead of in cash. As long as a portion of such dividend is paid in cash (which portion may be as low as 20 of such dividend (and 10 of the dividend declared through June 30, 2022) under published guidance from the Internal Revenue Service) and certain requirements are met, the entire distribution will be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a stockholder generally would be subject to tax on 100 of the fair market value of the dividend on the date the dividend is received by the stockholder in the same manner as a cash dividend, even though most of the dividend was paid in shares of our common stock. 
 The minimum distribution requirements applicable to RICs require us to distribute to our stockholders each year at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, or ICTI, as defined by the Code. Depending on the level of ICTI and net capital gain, if any, earned in a tax year, we may choose to carry forward ICTI in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year and pay a 4 U.S. federal excise tax on such excess. Any such carryover ICTI must be distributed before the end of the next tax year through a dividend declared prior to filing the final tax return related to the year which generated such ICTI. 
 ICTI generally differs from net investment income for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses. We may be required to recognize ICTI in certain circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments issued with warrants), we must include in ICTI each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in ICTI other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as (i) PIK interest income and (ii) interest income from investments that have been classified as non-accrual for financial reporting purposes. Interest income on non-accrual investments is not recognized for financial reporting purposes, but generally is recognized in ICTI. Because any original issue discount or other amounts accrued will be included in our ICTI for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements, even though we will not have received and may not ever receive any corresponding cash amount. 
 93 

ICTI also excludes net unrealized appreciation or depreciation, as investment gains or losses are not included in taxable income until they are realized. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the periods covered by such financial statements. We have identified investment valuation and revenue recognition as our most critical accounting estimates. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the matters described below. These estimates are based on the information that is currently available to us and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. A discussion of our critical accounting policies follows. We describe our most significant accounting policies in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Investment Valuation 
 The most significant estimate inherent in the preparation of our financial statements is the valuation of investments and the related amounts of unrealized appreciation and depreciation of investments recorded. We have a valuation policy, as well as established and documented processes and methodologies for determining the fair values of portfolio company investments on a recurring (at least quarterly) basis in accordance with the 1940 Act and FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, or ASC Topic 820. Our current valuation policy and processes were established by Barings and were approved by the Board. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio, valued at fair value in accordance with the Board-approved valuation policies, represented approximately 205 of our total net assets, as compared to approximately 243 of our total net assets as of December 31, 2021. 
 Under ASC Topic 820, fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between a willing buyer and a willing seller at the measurement date. For our portfolio securities, fair value is generally the amount that we might reasonably expect to receive upon the current sale of the security. The fair value measurement assumes that the sale occurs in the principal market for the security, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the security. If no market for the security exists or if we do not have access to the principal market, the security should be valued based on the sale occurring in a hypothetical market. 
 Under ASC Topic 820, there are three levels of valuation inputs, as follows: 
 Level 1 Inputs include quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2 Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 
 Level 3 Inputs include inputs that are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. 
 A financial instrument is categorized within the ASC Topic 820 valuation hierarchy based upon the lowest level of input to the valuation process that is significant to the fair value measurement. For example, a Level 3 fair value measurement may include inputs that are observable (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable (Level 3). Therefore, unrealized appreciation and depreciation related to such investments categorized as Level 3 investments within the tables in the notes to our consolidated financial statements may include changes in fair value that are attributable to both observable inputs (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable inputs (Level 3). 
 Our investment portfolio includes certain debt and equity instruments of privately held companies for which quoted prices or other observable inputs falling within the categories of Level 1 and Level 2 are generally not available. In such cases, the Adviser determines the fair value of our investments in good faith primarily using Level 3 inputs. In certain cases, quoted prices or other observable inputs exist, and if so, the Adviser assesses the 
 94 

appropriateness of the use of these third-party quotes in determining fair value based on (i) its understanding of the level of actual transactions used by the broker to develop the quote and whether the quote was an indicative price or binding offer and (ii) the depth and consistency of broker quotes and the correlation of changes in broker quotes with underlying performance of the portfolio company. 
 There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith, as fair value depends upon the specific circumstances of each individual investment. The recorded fair values of our Level 3 investments may differ significantly from fair values that would have been used had an active market for the securities existed. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the valuations currently assigned. 
 Investment Valuation Process 
 The Board must determine fair value in good faith for any or all of our investments for which market quotations are not readily available. The Board has designated Barings as valuation designee to perform the fair value determinations relating to the value of these assets. Barings has established a pricing committee that is, subject to the oversight of the Board, responsible for the approval, implementation and oversight of the processes and methodologies that relate to the pricing and valuation of assets we hold. Barings uses independent third-party providers to price the portfolio, but in the event an acceptable price cannot be obtained from an approved external source, Barings will utilize alternative methods in accordance with internal pricing procedures established by Barings' pricing committee. 
 At least annually, Barings conducts reviews of the primary pricing vendors to validate that the inputs used in the vendors pricing process are deemed to be market observable. While Barings is not provided access to proprietary models of the vendors, the reviews have included on-site walkthroughs of the pricing process, methodologies and control procedures for each asset class and level for which prices are provided. The review also includes an examination of the underlying inputs and assumptions for a sample of individual securities across asset classes, credit rating levels and various durations, a process Barings continues to perform annually. In addition, the pricing vendors have an established challenge process in place for all security valuations, which facilitates identification and resolution of prices that fall outside expected ranges. Barings believes that the prices received from the pricing vendors are representative of prices that would be received to sell the assets at the measurement date (i.e. exit prices). 
 Our money market fund investments are generally valued using Level 1 inputs and our equity investments listed on an exchange or on the NASDAQ National Market System are valued using Level 1 inputs, using the last quoted sale price of that day. Our syndicated senior secured loans and structured products are generally valued using Level 2 inputs, which are generally valued at the bid quotation obtained from dealers in loans by an independent pricing service. Our middle-market, private debt and equity investments are generally valued using Level 3 inputs. 
 Independent Valuation 
 The fair value of loans and equity investments that are not syndicated or for which market quotations are not readily available, including middle-market loans, are generally submitted to independent providers to perform an independent valuation on those loans and equity investments as of the end of each quarter. Such loans and equity investments are initially held at cost, as that is a reasonable approximation of fair value on the acquisition date, and monitored for material changes that could affect the valuation (for example, changes in interest rates or the credit quality of the borrower). At the quarter end following that of the initial acquisition, such loans and equity investments are generally sent to a valuation provider which will determine the fair value of each investment. The independent valuation providers apply various methods (synthetic rating analysis, discounting cash flows, and re-underwriting analysis) to establish the rate of return a market participant would require (the discount rate as of the valuation date, given market conditions, prevailing lending standards and the perceived credit quality of the issuer. Future expected cash flows for each investment are discounted back to present value using these discount rates in the discounted cash flow analysis. A range of values will be provided by the valuation provider and Barings will determine the point within that range that it will use. If the Barings pricing committee disagrees with the price range provided, it may make a fair value recommendation to Barings that is outside of the range provided by the 
 95 

independent valuation provider and the reasons therefore. In certain instances, we may determine that it is not cost-effective, and as a result is not in the stockholders' best interests, to request an independent valuation firm to perform an independent valuation on certain investments. Such instances include, but are not limited to, situations where the fair value of the investment in the portfolio company is determined to be insignificant relative to the total investment portfolio. 
 Valuation Inputs 
 The Adviser s valuation techniques are based upon both observable and unobservable pricing inputs. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Adviser s market assumptions. The Adviser s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. An independent pricing service provider is the preferred source of pricing a loan, however, to the extent the independent pricing service provider price is unavailable or not relevant and reliable, the Adviser will utilize alternative approaches such as broker quotes or manual prices. The Adviser attempts to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The availability of observable inputs can vary from investment to investment and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including the type of security, whether the security is new and not yet established in the marketplace, the liquidity of markets and other characteristics particular to the security. 
 Valuation of Investments in Jocassee, Thompson Rivers, Waccamaw River, Sierra JV and MVC Private Equity Fund LP 
 As Jocassee, Thompson Rivers, Waccamaw River, Sierra JV and MVC Private Equity Fund LP are investment companies with no readily determinable fair values, the Adviser estimates the fair value of our investments in these entities using net asset value of each company and our ownership percentage as a practical expedient. The net asset value is determined in accordance with the specialized accounting guidance for investment companies. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Interest and Dividend Income 
 Interest income, including amortization of premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. Generally, when interest and/or principal payments on a loan become past due, or if we otherwise do not expect the borrower to be able to service its debt and other obligations, we will place the loan on non-accrual status and will generally cease recognizing interest income on that loan for financial reporting purposes until all principal and interest have been brought current through payment or due to a restructuring such that the interest income is deemed to be collectible. The cessation of recognition of such interest will negatively impact the reported fair value of the investment. We write off any previously accrued and uncollected interest when it is determined that interest is no longer considered collectible. 
 Interest income from investments in the equity class of a collateralized loan obligation CLO security (typically subordinated notes) is recorded based upon an estimation of an effective yield to expected maturity utilizing assumed cash flows in accordance with ASC 325-40, Beneficial Interests in Securitized Financial Assets. We monitor the expected cash flows from these investments, including the expected residual payments, and the effective yield is determined and updated periodically. Any difference between the cash distribution received and the amount calculated pursuant to the effective interest method is recorded as an adjustment to the cost basis of such investments. 
 Dividend income on preferred equity securities is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on common equity is recorded on the ex-dividend date. 
 We may have to include interest income in our ICTI, including original issue discount income, from investments that have been classified as non-accrual for financial reporting purposes. Interest income on non-accrual investments is not recognized for financial reporting purposes, but generally is recognized in ICTI. As a result, we 
 96 

may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements to maintain our RIC tax treatment, even though we will not have received and may not ever receive any corresponding cash amount. Additionally, any loss recognized by us for U.S. federal income tax purposes on previously accrued interest income will be treated as a capital loss. 
 Fee Income 
 Origination, facility, commitment, consent and other advance fees received in connection with the origination of a loan, or Loan Origination Fees, are recorded as deferred income and recognized as investment income over the term of the loan. Upon prepayment of a loan, any unamortized Loan Origination Fees are recorded as investment income. In the general course of our business, we receive certain fees from portfolio companies, which are non-recurring in nature. Such fees include loan prepayment penalties, advisory, loan amendment and other fees, and are recorded as investment income when earned. 
 Fee income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Recurring Fee Income: Amortization of loan origination fees 5,943 4,620 2,180 Management, valuation and other fees 1,237 2,186 867 Total Recurring Fee Income 7,180 6,806 3,047 Non-Recurring Fee Income: Prepayment fees 303 474 84 Acceleration of unamortized loan origination fees 5,595 4,824 537 Advisory, loan amendment and other fees 1,845 916 412 Total Non-Recurring Fee Income 7,743 6,214 1,033 Total Fee Income 14,923 13,020 4,080 
 Payment-in-Kind (PIK) Interest Income 
 We currently hold, and expect to hold in the future, some loans in our portfolio that contain PIK interest provisions. PIK interest, computed at the contractual rate specified in each loan agreement, is periodically added to the principal balance of the loan, rather than being paid to us in cash, and is recorded as interest income. Thus, the actual collection of PIK interest may be deferred until the time of debt principal repayment. 
 PIK interest, which is a non-cash source of income at the time of recognition, is included in our taxable income and therefore affects the amount we are required to distribute to our stockholders to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, even though we have not yet collected the cash. Generally, when current cash interest and/or principal payments on a loan become past due, or if we otherwise do not expect the borrower to be able to service its debt and other obligations, we will place the loan on non-accrual status and will generally cease recognizing PIK interest income on that loan for financial reporting purposes until all principal and interest have been brought current through payment or due to a restructuring such that the interest income is deemed to be collectible. We write off any previously accrued and uncollected PIK interest when it is determined that the PIK interest is no longer collectible. 
 We may have to include in our ICTI, PIK interest income from investments that have been classified as non-accrual for financial reporting purposes. Interest income on non-accrual investments is not recognized for financial reporting purposes, but generally is recognized in ICTI. As a result, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements, even though we will not have received and may not ever receive any corresponding cash amount. 
 
 97 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are subject to market risk. Market risk includes risks that arise from changes in interest rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market sensitive instruments. The fair value of securities held by us may decline in response to certain events, including those directly involving the companies we invest in; conditions affecting the general economy; overall market changes; global pandemics; legislative reform; local, regional, national or global political, social or economic instability; and interest rate fluctuations. 
 In addition, we are subject to interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is defined as the sensitivity of our current and future earnings to interest rate volatility, variability of spread relationships, the difference in re-pricing intervals between our assets and liabilities and the effect that interest rates may have on our cash flows. Changes in the general level of interest rates can affect our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on interest earning assets and our interest expense incurred in connection with our interest bearing debt and liabilities. Changes in interest rates can also affect, among other things, our ability to acquire and originate loans and securities and the value of our investment portfolio. Our net investment income is affected by fluctuations in various interest rates, including LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSY, STIBOR, CDOR, SOFR, SONIA, SARON, NIBOR and BKBM. Our risk management systems and procedures are designed to identify and analyze our risk, to set appropriate policies and limits and to continually monitor these risks. We regularly measure exposure to interest rate risk and determine whether or not any hedging transactions are necessary to mitigate exposure to changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, we were not a party to any interest rate hedging arrangements. 
 In March 2021, the U.K. s Financial Conduct Authority publicly announced that all U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative (i) immediately after December 31, 2021 for one-week and two-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings and (ii) immediately after June 30, 2023 for the remaining U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings. Although most U.S. dollar LIBOR rates will continue to be published through June 30, 2023, the Financial Conduct Authority no longer compels panel banks to continue to contribute to LIBOR and the Federal Reserve Board, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation have encouraged banks to cease entering into new contracts that use U.S. dollar LIBOR as a reference rate. The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, supports replacing U.S.-dollar LIBOR with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements backed by Treasury securities. Some regulators have prohibited the use of any LIBOR benchmarks in new contracts and have required that regulated entities transition existing contracts to another benchmark prior to June 30, 2023. 
 Although settings of such LIBOR benchmarks may continue to be available, such prohibitions and requirements may adversely affect the value of floating-rate debt securities in our portfolio or issued by us. Moreover, at this time, no consensus exists as to what rate or rates will become accepted alternatives to LIBOR. Although there are an increasing number of issuances utilizing SOFR or the Sterling Over Night Index Average, or SONIA, an alternative reference rate that is based on transactions, these alternative reference rates may not attain market acceptance as replacements for LIBOR. All of our loan agreements with our portfolio companies include fallback language in the event that LIBOR becomes unavailable. This language generally either includes a clearly defined alternative reference rate after LIBOR s discontinuation or provides that the administrative agent may identify a replacement reference rate, typically with the consent of (or prior consultation with) the borrower. In certain cases, the administrative agent will be required to obtain the consent of either a majority of the lenders under the facility, or the consent of each lender, prior to identifying a replacement reference rate. In addition, any further changes or reforms to the determination or supervision of LIBOR may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported LIBOR, which could have an adverse impact on the market value for or value of any LIBOR-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The transition away from LIBOR to alternative reference rates is complex and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including as a result of any changes in the pricing of our investments, changes to the documentation for certain of our investments and the pace of such 
 98 

changes, disputes and other actions regarding the interpretation of current and prospective loan documentation or modifications to processes and systems. 
 The U.S. Federal Reserve is currently embarking on an aggressive campaign of raising interest rates to address significant and persistent inflation. The goal of these interest rate increases is to slow economic growth and reduce price pressure. There is a significant chance that this central bank tightening cycle could force the U.S. into a recession, at which point interest rates and base rates would likely decrease. A prolonged reduction in interest rates will reduce our gross investment income and could result in a decrease in our net investment income if such decreases in SOFR are not offset by a corresponding increase in the spread over SOFR that we earn on any portfolio investments, a decrease in in our operating expenses, including with respect to our income incentive fee, or a decrease in the interest rate of our floating interest rate liabilities tied to SOFR. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 1,904.1 million (principal amount) of our debt portfolio investments bore interest at variable rates, which generally are either LIBOR-based or SOFR-based (or based on an equivalent applicable currency rate), and many of which are subject to certain floors. 
 Based on our December 31, 2022 Consolidated Balance Sheet, the following table shows the annual impact on net income of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates on our debt investments and borrowings (considering interest rate floors for variable rate instruments) assuming no changes in our investment and borrowing structure: 
 (in thousands) 
 Basis Point Change (1) 
 Interest Income Interest Expense Net Income (2) 
 Up 300 basis points 57,123 21,874 35,249 Up 200 basis points 38,082 14,583 23,499 Up 100 basis points 19,041 7,291 11,750 Down 25 basis points (4,760) (1,823) (2,937) Down 50 basis points (9,521) (3,646) (5,875) 
 (1) Excludes the impact of foreign currency exchange. 
 (2) Excludes the impact of income based fees. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the income based fees. 
 We may also have exposure to foreign currencies related to certain investments. Such investments are translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date, exposing us to movements in the exchange rate. In order to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates, we generally borrow in local foreign currencies under the February 2019 Credit Facility to finance such investments. As of December 31, 2022, we had borrowings denominated in Swedish kronas of 12.8kr million 1.2 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 4.375 , borrowings denominated in British pounds sterling of 68.6 million 82.5 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 4.960 , and borrowings denominated in Euros of 138.6 million 147.9 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 3.625 . 
 Unused Commitments 
 In the normal course of business, we are party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, consisting primarily of unused commitments to extend financing to our portfolio companies. Since commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The balance of unused commitments to extend financing as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 
 Accurus Aerospace Corporation(1)(2) Revolver 1,152 Amtech LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,527 Amtech LLC(1) Revolver 545 AnalytiChem Holding GmbH(1)(2)(3) Bridge Revolver 366 
 99 

Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 
 APC1 Holding(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 354 Aquavista Watersides 2 LTD(1)(4) Capex / Acquisition Facility 2,543 Arc Education(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,900 Argus Bidco Limited(1)(4) CAF Term Loan 789 Argus Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) RCF Bridge Term Loan 168 ASC Communications(2) Revolver 1,089 Astra Bidco Limited(1)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan 876 ATL II MRO Holdings, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 1,667 Avance Clinical Bidco Pty Ltd(1)(5) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,295 Azalea Buyer, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 962 Azalea Buyer, Inc.(1) Revolver 481 Bariacum S.A.(1)(3) Acquisition Facility 2,028 Beyond Risk Management, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,423 Biolam Group(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 4,783 Black Angus Steakhouses, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 417 Bounteous, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,840 Brightpay Limited(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 135 BrightSign LLC(1)(2) Revolver 1,329 CAi Software, LLC(1)(2) Revolver 943 Canadian Orthodontic Partners Corp.(1)(2)(6) Delayed Draw Term Loan 110 Catawba River Limited(1)(4) Structured Junior Note 12,635 Centralis Finco S.a.r.l.(1)(3) Incremental CAF Term Loan 1,028 CGI Parent, LLC(1) Revolver 1,653 Classic Collision (Summit Buyer, LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 78 Comply365, LLC(1) Revolver 935 Coyo Uprising GmbH(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 419 CSL Dualcom(1)(4) Capex / Acquisition Term Loan 142 DataServ Integrations, LLC(1)(2) Revolver 481 DecksDirect, LLC(1) Revolver 218 DISA Holdings Corp.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,368 DISA Holdings Corp.(1)(2) Revolver 416 DreamStart Bidco SAS (d/b/a SmartTrade)(1)(2)(3) Acquisition Facility 579 Dune Group(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 624 Dwyer Instruments, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 5,164 Eclipse Business Capital, LLC(1) Revolver 17,455 EMI Porta Holdco LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 9,272 EMI Porta Holdco LLC(1)(2) Revolver 1,471 EPS NASS Parent, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 257 eShipping, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,650 eShipping, LLC(1) Revolver 1,486 Eurofins Digital Testing International LUX Holding SARL(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,639 Eurofins Digital Testing International LUX Holding SARL(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 528 Events Software BidCo Pty Ltd(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 640 
 100 

Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 
 Express Wash Acquisition Company, LLC(1) Revolver 115 F24 (Stairway BidCo GmbH)(1)(2)(3) Acquisition Term Loan 246 Fineline Technologies, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 180 Footco 40 Limited(1)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan 766 Fortis Payment Systems, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 925 FragilePak LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,354 GB Eagle Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 2,581 Global Academic Group Limited(1)(7) Term Loan 451 GPZN II GmbH(1)(2)(3) CAF Term Loan 560 Greenhill BV(1)(3) Capex Acquisition Facility 255 Groupe Product Life(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 441 Gusto Aus BidCo Pty Ltd(1)(2)(5) Delayed Draw Term Loan 223 HeartHealth Bidco Pty Ltd(1)(2)(5) Delayed Draw Term Loan 313 Heartland Veterinary Partners, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 267 Heavy Construction Systems Specialists, LLC(1) Revolver 2,632 HEKA Invest(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 555 HTI Technology Industries(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,045 HTI Technology Industries(1)(2) Revolver 1,364 HW Holdco, LLC (Hanley Wood LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 913 Innovad Group II BV(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,261 INOS 19-090 GmbH(1)(3) Acquisition Facility 2,380 Interstellar Group B.V.(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,310 Interstellar Group B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 55 Isolstar Holding NV (IPCOM)(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 744 ITI Intermodal, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 103 ITI Intermodal, Inc.(1) Revolver 118 Jaguar Merger Sub Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 422 Jaguar Merger Sub Inc.(1) Revolver 490 Jocassee Partners LLC Joint Venture 65,000 Jon Bidco Limited(1)(7) Capex Acquisition Facility 1,441 Jones Fish Hatcheries Distributors LLC(1) Revolver 418 Kano Laboratories LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 153 Kano Laboratories LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,830 Kemmerer Operations, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 908 Lambir Bidco Limited(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,766 Lattice Group Holdings Bidco Limited(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 298 LeadsOnline, LLC(1) Revolver 2,603 Lifestyle Intermediate II, LLC(1)(2) Revolver 2,500 LivTech Purchaser, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 138 Marmoutier Holding B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 24 Marmoutier Holding B.V.(1)(2)(3) Revolver 106 Marshall Excelsior Co.(1) Revolver 413 MC Group Ventures Corporation(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 296 Mercell Holding AS(1)(8) Capex Acquisition Facility 797 
 101 

Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 
 Modern Star Holdings Bidco Pty Limited(1)(2)(5) Term Loan 968 Murphy Midco Limited(1)(2)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan 407 Narda Acquisitionco., Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 1,180 Nexus Underwriting Management Limited(1)(2)(4) Acquisition Facility 443 Novotech Aus Bidco Pty Ltd(1)(2) Capex Acquisition Facility 809 NPM Investments 28 B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 463 OA Buyer, Inc.(1) Revolver 1,331 OAC Holdings I Corp.(1) Revolver 607 Omni Intermediate Holdings, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,289 OSP Hamilton Purchaser, LLC(1)(2) Revolver 187 PDQ.Com Corporation(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 6,885 Polara Enterprises, L.L.C.(1) Revolver 545 Premium Invest(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,882 Profit Optics, LLC(1) Revolver 484 Protego Bidco B.V.(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 792 PSP Intermediate 4, L.L.C.(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 727 R1 Holdings, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,623 R1 Holdings, LLC(1) Revolver 1,601 RA Outdoors, LLC (1)(2) Revolver 1,235 Randys Holdings, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 4,412 Randys Holdings, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 1,571 Rep Seko Merger Sub LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 725 Reward Gateway (UK) Ltd(1)(2)(4) Acquisition Facility 600 Royal Buyer, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,209 Royal Buyer, LLC(1) Revolver 1,340 RTIC Subsidiary Holdings, LLC(1)(2) Revolver 2,381 Sanoptis S.A.R.L.(1)(3) Acquisition Capex Facility 1,751 Scaled Agile, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 416 Scaled Agile, Inc.(1) Revolver 336 Scout Bidco B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,270 Scout Bidco B.V.(1)(3) Revolver 1,030 Security Holdings B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,134 Security Holdings B.V.(1)(3) Revolver 1,067 Sereni Capital NV(1)(3) Term Loan 109 Smartling, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,978 Smartling, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 1,176 Smile Brands Group, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 38 Soho Square III Debtco II SARL(1)(2)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan 3,383 Solo Buyer, L.P.(1)(2) Revolver 1,995 Sparus Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Sparus Holdings, Inc.)(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 666 Sparus Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Sparus Holdings, Inc.)(1)(2) Revolver 156 Spatial Business Systems LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 7,500 Spatial Business Systems LLC(1)(2) Revolver 1,406 SSCP Pegasus Midco Limited(1)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan 4,664 
 102 

Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 
 Superjet Buyer, LLC(1) Revolver 1,825 Syntax Systems Ltd(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,933 Syntax Systems Ltd(1)(2) Revolver 337 Tank Holding Corp (1)(2) Revolver 698 Tanqueray Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) Capex Facility 1,088 Techone B.V.(1)(2)(3) Revolver 203 Tencarva Machinery Company, LLC(1) Revolver 1,129 The Caprock Group, Inc. (aka TA/TCG Holdings, LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,811 The Caprock Group, Inc. (aka TA/TCG Holdings, LLC)(1) Revolver 827 The Cleaver-Brooks Company, Inc.(1) Revolver 2,826 The Hilb Group, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,182 Trader Corporation(1)(2)(6) Revolver 345 TSYL Corporate Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,681 TSYL Corporate Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 177 Turbo Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,350 Union Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) Acquisition Facility 78 United Therapy Holding III GmbH(1)(2)(3) Acquisition Facility 1,170 USLS Acquisition, Inc. (f/k/a US Legal Support, Inc.)(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 3,629 W2O Holdings, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,622 Waccamaw River LLC(2) Joint Venture 2,480 Woodland Foods, Inc.(1)(2) Line of Credit 456 WWEC Holdings III Corp(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 3,106 WWEC Holdings III Corp(1)(2) Revolver 1,366 Xeinadin Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) CAF Term Loan 3,109 ZB Holdco LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,352 ZB Holdco LLC(1) Revolver 845 Zeppelin Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) Capex / Acquisition Facility 2,516 Total unused commitments to extend financing 308,532 
 (1) The Adviser s estimate of the fair value of the current investments in these portfolio companies includes an analysis of the fair value of any unfunded commitments. 
 (2) Represents a commitment to extend financing to a portfolio company where one or more of our current investments in the portfolio company are carried at less than cost. 
 (3) Actual commitment amount is denominated in Euros. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 (4) Actual commitment amount is denominated in British pounds sterling. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 (5) Actual commitment amount is denominated in Australian dollars. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 (6) Actual commitment amount is denominated in Canadian dollars. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 (7) Actual commitment amount is denominated in New Zealand dollars. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 (8) Actual commitment amount is denominated in Norwegian Kroner. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 In the normal course of business, we guarantee certain obligations in connection with our portfolio companies (in particular, certain controlled portfolio companies). Under these guarantee arrangements, payments may be required to be made to third parties if such guarantees are called upon or if the portfolio companies were to default on their related obligations, as applicable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had guaranteed 9.9 million 10.6 million U.S. dollars and 11.3 million U.S. dollars, respectively) relating to credit facilities among Erste Bank 
 103 

and MVC Automotive Group Gmbh, or MVC Auto that matures in December 2025. We would be required to make payments to Erste Bank if MVC Auto were to default on their related payment obligations. None of the credit facility guarantees are recorded as a liability on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As such, the credit facility liabilities are considered in the valuation of our investments in MVC Auto. The guarantees denominated in foreign currencies were translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 Recent Developments 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we made approximately 118.9 million of new commitments, of which 74.0 million closed and funded. The 74.0 million of investments consists of 18.1 million of first lien senior secured debt investments, 10.9 million of equity investments and a 45.0 million preferred equity co-investment alongside certain affiliates in a portfolio company focused on directly originated, litigation finance loans to mass tort law firms. The weighted average yield of the debt investments was 10.8 . In addition, we funded 4.4 million of previously committed revolvers and delayed draw term loans. 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board declared a quarterly distribution of 0.25 per share payable on March 15, 2023 to holders of record as of March 8, 2023. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 See the section entitled Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which is included in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 See our Financial Statements included herein and listed in Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial 
 104 

statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management (with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 15 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board appointed Ashlee Steinnerd as Chief Legal Officer of the Company, effective immediately, to replace Jill Dinerman. Ms. Dinerman will continue to serve as Global Head of Legal at Barings LLC. 
 Ms. Steinnerd, 41, is the Head of Regulatory at Barings LLC. Ms. Steinnerd also serves as Chief Legal Officer of Barings BDC, Inc., Barings Private Credit Corporation, Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund, Barings Corporate Investors, Barings Private Equity Opportunities and Commitments Fund, and Barings Participation Investors. Ms. Steinnerd has been a member of the Barings LLC legal team since 2019, advising Barings LLC on a variety of regulatory issues. Prior to joining Barings LLC, Ms. Steinnerd was Senior Counsel in the SEC s Office of the Investor Advocate. Ms. Steinnerd held several roles during her tenure at the Securities and Exchange Commission between 2011 and 2019. Ms. Steinnerd holds a B.S. in Applied International Finance and Applied International Economics from the American University of Paris, France and a J.D. from Rutgers School of Law. 
 There is no arrangement or understanding between Ms. Steinnerd and any other person pursuant to which she was appointed as Chief Legal Officer. Further, with regard to Ms. Steinnerd, there are no transactions since the beginning of our last fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which the Company is a participant that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board appointed Gregory MacCordy to serve as Chief Compliance Officer of the Company, effective as of February 23, 2023, to replace Christopher DeFrancis who was serving as interim Chief Compliance Officer of the Company. 
 Mr. Macordy is a Director at ACA Group ACA ). Mr. MacCordy is an experienced compliance, risk and subject matter expert with over 30 years of regulatory and financial services experience. He serves as chief compliance officer or chief risk officer for SEC registered investment advisers and investment companies such as business development companies and interval funds. Prior to ACA, Mr. MacCordy worked at the SEC where he was 
 105 

an Industry Expert and Specialized Compliance Examiner in the Asset Management Unit (Enforcement Division) conducting enforcement investigations of investment companies, investment advisers, and mutual funds in the areas of business development companies, CLOs, private equity, hedge funds, real estate and fixed income trading. Mr. MacCordy also spent 18 years at The Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America-College Retired Equity Fund (TIAA) beginning as a securities analyst and ultimately becoming a Managing Director. During his time at TIAA, he was responsible for investment decisions, credit research, valuation and stress testing, regulatory filings, and the development of risk and compliance program policies and procedures. Mr. MacCordy holds a Bachelor of Science and Business Administration in Accounting from University of Missouri and an MBA in Finance from New York University Stern School of Business. 
 There is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. MacCordy and any other person pursuant to which he was appointed as Chief Compliance Officer. Further, with regard to Mr. MacCordy, there are no transactions since the beginning of our last fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which the Company is a participant that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board authorized a new 12-month share repurchase program. Under the program, the Company may repurchase, during the 12-month period commencing on March 1, 2023, up to 30.0 million in the aggregate of its outstanding common stock in the open market at prices below the then-current NAV per share. The timing, manner, price and amount of any share repurchases will be determined by the Company, in its discretion, based upon the evaluation of economic and market conditions, the Company s stock price, applicable legal, contractual and regulatory requirements and other factors. The program is expected to be in effect until March 1, 2024, unless extended or until the aggregate repurchase amount that has been approved by the Board has been expended. The program does not require the Company to repurchase any specific number of shares, and the Company cannot assure stockholders that any shares will be repurchased under the program. The program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 106 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 We have adopted a code of ethics, the Global Code of Ethics Policy, which applies to, among others, our executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as well as Barings officers, directors and employees. The Global Code of Ethics Policy is publicly available on our website under Corporate Governance at the following URL: https://ir.barings.com/governance-docs. 
 We will provide any person, without charge, upon request, a copy of our Global Code of Ethics Policy. To receive a copy, please provide a written request to: Barings BDC, Inc., Attn: Chief Compliance Officer, 300 South Tryon Street, Suite 2500 Charlotte, North Carolina, 28202. There have been no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to the Board that have been implemented since the date the Company last filed a periodic report with the SEC. 
 Except as set forth above, the information required by this Item with respect to our directors, executive officers and corporate governance matters is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. Our definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the date of our fiscal year-end, which was December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item with respect to compensation of executive officers and directors is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. Our definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the date of our fiscal year-end, which was December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. Our definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the date of our fiscal year-end, which was December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item with respect to certain relationships and related transactions and director independence is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. Our definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the date of our fiscal year-end, which was December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item with respect to principal accountant fees and services is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. Our definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the date of our fiscal year-end, which was December 31, 2022. 
 107 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 Barings BDC, Inc. Financial Statements: 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 
 F- 10 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 
 F- 40 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 59 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 None. 
 Schedules that are not listed herein have been omitted because they are not applicable or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) List of Exhibits 
 The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K, except as otherwise noted, have been filed with previous reports by the Registrant and are herein incorporated by reference. 
 Number Exhibit 2.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated April 3, 2018, by and between the Registrant and BSP Asset Acquisition I, LLC (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 9, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 2.2 Stock Purchase and Transaction Agreement, dated April 3, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Barings LLC (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 9, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 2.3 Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among the Registrant, MVC Capital, Inc., Mustang Acquisition Sub, Inc., and Barings LLC, dated as of August 10, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 2.4 Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among the Registrant, Mercury Acquisition Sub, Inc., Sierra Income Corporation and Barings LLC, dated as of September 21, 2021 (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) . 
 3.1 Form of Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Registrant (Filed as Exhibit (a)(3) to the Registrant s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-138418) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.2 Articles of Amendment of the Registrant (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.3 Seventh Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (Filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 108 

Number Exhibit 3.4 Articles Supplementary (Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate (Filed as Exhibit (d) to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 on Form N2/N-5 (File No. 333-138418) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 15, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.2 Barings BDC, Inc. Dividend Reinvestment Plan (Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.3 Agreement to Furnish Certain Instruments (Filed as Exhibit 4.19 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.4 Description of Registrant s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.5 Indenture, dated as of November 23, 2021, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 24, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.6 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 23, 2021, relating to the 3.300 Notes due 2026, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 24, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.7 Form of 3.300 Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 hereto). 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, dated December 23, 2020 by and between Barings BDC, Inc. and Barings LLC (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.2 Administration Agreement, dated August 2, 2018 by and between Triangle Capital Corporation and Barings LLC (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 2, 2018 by and between Triangle Capital Corporation and Barings LLC (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.4 Master Custodian Agreement, dated August 2, 2018, between the Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.5 Investment Management Agreement, dated August 3, 2018, between Barings BDC Senior Funding I, LLC and Barings LLC (Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 6, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.6 Stock Transfer Agency Agreement between the Registrant and Computershare, Inc. (as successor to The Bank of New York) (Filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.7 Form of Indemnification Agreement. (Filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 109 

Number Exhibit 10.8 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, dated as of February 21, 2019, by and among the Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent, and the other parties signatory thereto (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 9, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.9 Guarantee, Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2019, by and among the Company, as borrower, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, ING Capital LLC, as revolving administrative agent for the revolving lenders and collateral agent, and the other parties signatory thereto (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 9, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.10 Amendment No. 1 to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of December 3, 2019, by and among the Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent, and the other parties signatory thereto (Filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference ). 
 10.11 Credit Support Agreement, dated December 23, 2020, by and between the Company and Barings LLC (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.12 Note Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and the purchasers party thereto, dated August 3, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.13 Amendment No. 1 to August 3, 2020 Note Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and the purchasers party thereto, dated November 4, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.14 Note Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and the purchasers party thereto, dated November 4, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.15 Note Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and the purchasers party thereto, dated February 25, 2021 (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.16 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2021, relating to the 3.300 Notes due 2026, by and among the Registrant and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, ING Financial Markets LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the representatives of the initial purchasers (Filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 24, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) . 
 10.17 Amendment No. 2 to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of December 29, 2021, by and among the Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent, and the other parties signatory thereto. (Filed as Exhibit 10. 17 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 20 21 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2 3 , 202 2 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.18 Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, dated February 25, 2022, by and between Barings BDC, Inc. and Barings LLC (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.19 Credit Support Agreement, dated February 25, 2022, by and between Barings BDC, Inc. and Barings LLC (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 110 

Number Exhibit 10.20 Amendment No. 3 to Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2022, by and among Barings BDC, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.21 Incremental Commitment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2022, made by the Incremental Lender party thereto, relating to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2019, among Barings BDC, Inc., as borrower, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent (Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries. 
 31.1 Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 99.1 Report of KPMG LLP on Senior Securities Table. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Date File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Exhibits and/or schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and/or schedules to the SEC upon its request. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 See Item 15(a)(3) above. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 See Item 15(a)(2) above. 
 111 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 BARINGS BDC, INC. By: /s/ Eric Lloyd Name: Eric Lloyd Title: Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman 

112 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Eric Lloyd Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board February 23, 2023 Eric Lloyd /s/ Ian Fowler President February 23, 2023 Ian Fowler /s/ Jonathan Landsberg Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 Jonathan Landsberg /s/ Elizabeth A. Murray Chief Operating Officer and Chief Accounting Officer February 23, 2023 Elizabeth A. Murray /s/ Valerie Lancaster-Beal Director February 23, 2023 Valerie Lancaster-Beal /s/ Steve Byers Director February 23, 2023 Steve Byers /s/ Bernard A. Harris Director February 23, 2023 Bernard Harris /s/ Robert C. Knapp Director February 23, 2023 Robert C. Knapp /s/ David Mihalick Director February 23, 2023 David Mihalick /s/ Mark F. Mulhern Director February 23, 2023 Mark F. Mulhern /s/ Thomas W. Okel Director February 23, 2023 Thomas W. Okel /s/ Jill Olmstead Director February 23, 2023 Jill Olmstead /s/ John A. Switzer Director February 23, 2023 John A. Switzer 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Page Report s of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID: 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 
 F- 10 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 
 F- 40 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 59 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Barings BDC, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Barings BDC, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets and its cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Such procedures also included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with custodians, portfolio companies or agent banks or by other appropriate auditing procedures where replies were not received. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Assessment of the fair value of investments 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company measures its investments at fair value. In determining the fair value of investments that are not publicly traded and whose market quotations are not readily available, the Company makes subjective judgments and estimates using unobservable inputs. 
 We identified the assessment of the fair value of investments that are not publicly traded and whose market quotations are not readily available as a critical audit matter. The evaluation of certain assumptions used to estimate 
 F-1 

the fair value of such investments involved a high degree of auditor judgment and specialized skills and knowledge. Specifically, assessing the market yields for investments with similar terms and credit risks used in an income approach and the selection of comparable companies and financial performance multiples of such comparable companies used in a market approach required subjective auditor judgment as changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the estimate of the fair value of investments. 
 The following are the procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the process to measure the fair value of investments that are not publicly traded and whose market quotations are not readily available, including controls related to the determination of market yields, credit risk, selection of comparable companies, and financial performance multiple assumptions. We evaluated the Company s ability to estimate fair value by comparing prior period fair values for a selection of investments to transaction prices of transactions occurring subsequent to the valuation date. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who, for a selection of the Company s investments, assisted in evaluating the Company s estimate of fair value by developing: 
 a market yield, for investments fair valued using an income approach, by assessing available market information, such as market yields of comparable companies of similar credit risk 
 a market multiple, for investments fair valued using a market approach, by assessing market information from third-party sources, including financial performance multiples of comparable companies 
 estimates of fair value for the selected investments and comparing the results to the Company s fair value estimates. 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Barings BDC, Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Barings BDC, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 23, 2023 
 F-3 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets: Investments at fair value: Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments (cost of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Affiliate investments (cost of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Control investments (cost of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Total investments at fair value Cash Foreign currencies (cost of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Interest and fees receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets Credit support agreements (cost of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Derivative assets Deferred financing fees Receivable from unsettled transactions Total assets Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Interest payable Administrative fees payable Base management fees payable Incentive management fees payable Derivative liabilities Payable from unsettled transactions Borrowings under credit facilities Notes payable (net of deferred financing fees) Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) Net Assets: Common stock, par value per share shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Total distributable loss ) ) Total net assets Total liabilities and net assets Net asset value per share See accompanying notes. 
 F-4 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investment income: Interest income: Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments Affiliate investments Control investments Short-term investments Total interest income Dividend income: Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments Affiliate investments Total dividend income Fee and other income: Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments Affiliate investments Control investments ) Total fee and other income Payment-in-kind interest income: Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments Affiliate investments Control investments Total payment-in-kind interest income Interest income from cash Total investment income Operating expenses: Interest and other financing fees Base management fee (Note 2) Incentive management fees (Note 2) Compensation expenses General and administrative expenses (Note 2) Total operating expenses Net investment income before taxes Income taxes, including excise tax expense Net investment income after taxes 
 F-5 

Barings BDC, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations - (Continued) (in thousands, except share and per share data) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, credit support agreements and foreign currency transactions: Net realized gains (losses): Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments ) ) Affiliate investments ) Control investments ) Net realized gains (losses) on investments ) ) Distributions of realized gains by controlled investment companies Foreign currency transactions ) Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation): Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments ) ) Affiliate investments ) Control investments ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments ) Credit support agreements ) Foreign currency transactions ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) Net realized gains (losses) and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, credit support agreements and foreign currency transactions ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Benefit from (provision for) taxes ) ) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations Net investment income per share basic and diluted Net increase in net assets resulting from operations per share basic and diluted Dividends / distributions per share: Total dividends / distributions Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic and diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-6 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Total Distributable Earnings (Loss) Number of Shares Par Value Total Net Assets Balance, January 1, 2020 ) Net investment income Net realized loss on investments / foreign currency transactions ) ) Net unrealized appreciation on investments / foreign currency transactions Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Provision for taxes Return of capital and other tax related adjustments ) Distributions of net investment income ) ) Deemed contribution - CSA (See Note 2) Deemed contribution - from Adviser (See Note 9) Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisition of MVC Capital Purchases of shares in repurchase plan ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Net investment income Net realized loss on investments / foreign currency transactions ) ) Net unrealized appreciation on investments / CSA / foreign currency transactions Provision for taxes ) ) Return of capital, merger and other tax related adjustments ) Distributions of net investment income ) ) Return of capital distributions ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net investment income Net realized gain on investments / foreign currency transactions Net unrealized depreciation on investments / CSAs / foreign currency transactions ) ) Provision for taxes ) ) Return of capital, merger and other tax related adjustments ) Distributions of net investment income ) ) Deemed contribution - from Adviser (See Note 10) Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisition of Sierra Purchase of shares in repurchase plan ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-7 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net increase in net assets resulting from operations Adjustments to reconcile net increase in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Purchases of portfolio investments ) ) ) Acquisition of MVC Capital, net of cash acquired (See Note 9) ) Net cash acquired from Sierra merger (cash consideration paid) (See Note 10) Transaction costs from Sierra merger (See Note 10) ) Repayments received / sales of portfolio investments Purchases of short-term investments ) ) Sales of short-term investments Loan origination and other fees received Net realized (gain) loss on investments ) Net realized (gain) loss on foreign currency transactions ) ) Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments ) ) Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation of CSAs ) Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on foreign currency transactions ) ) Payment-in-kind interest / dividends ) ) ) Amortization of deferred financing fees Loss on extinguishment of debt Accretion of loan origination and other fees ) ) ) Amortization / accretion of purchased loan premium / discount ) ) ) Payments for derivative contracts ) ) ) Proceeds from derivative contracts Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Interest and fees receivable ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Interest payable ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings under credit facilities Repayments of credit facilities ) ) ) Repayments of debt securitization ) Proceeds from notes Redemption of notes ) Financing fees paid ) ) ) Net proceeds related to issuance of common stock for MVC acquisition (See Note 9) Purchases of shares in repurchase plan ) ) Cash dividends / distributions paid ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and foreign currencies ) Cash and foreign currencies, beginning of year Cash and foreign currencies, end of year 
 F-8 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - (Continued) 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental Information: Cash paid for interest Excise taxes paid during the period Supplemental non-cash information Acquisitions (See Notes 9 and 10): Fair value of net assets acquired, net of cash ) Transaction costs Common stock issued in acquisition of net assets Credit support agreement (See Note 2) ) ) Deemed contribution - from Adviser Deemed contributions - CSA (See Note 2) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-9 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Non Control / Non Affiliate Investments: 1WorldSync, Inc. IT Consulting Other Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 7/19 7/25 (7)(8)(16) 
 A.T. Holdings II LTD Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan Cash 
 11/22 9/29 (3)(7) 
 Accelerant Holdings Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate Class A Convertible Preferred Equity shares) 
 N/A 1/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Class B Convertible Preferred Equity shares) 
 N/A 12/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Accelerate Learning, Inc. Education Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/18 12/24 (7)(8)(10) 
 Acclime Holdings HK Limited Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 8/21 7/27 (3)(7)(8)(11) 
 Accurus Aerospace Corporation Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 4/22 3/28 (7)(8)(10) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 4/22 3/28 (7)(8)(10) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 4/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Acogroup Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 3/22 10/26 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 ADB Safegate Aerospace Defense Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 8/21 10/27 (3)(7)(8)(10) 
 Advantage Software Company (The), LLC Advertising, Printing Publishing Class A1 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Class A2 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Class B1 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Class B2 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Air Canada 2020-2 Class B Pass Through Trust Airlines Structured Secured Note - Class B Cash 
 9/20 10/25 Air Comm Corporation, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 6/21 7/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 AIT Worldwide Logistics Holdings, Inc. Transportation Services Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 4/21 4/29 (7)(8)(10) 
 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 4/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 
 F-10 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Alpine SG, LLC High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 2/22 11/27 (7)(8)(15)(33) 
 Alpine US Bidco LLC Agricultural Products Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 5/21 5/29 (8)(9) 
 Amalfi Midco Healthcare Subordinated Loan Notes LIBOR + , Cash, PIK 
 9/22 9/28 (3)(7)(10) 
 Class B Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 9/22 N/A (3)(7)(34) 
 Warrants units) 
 N/A 9/22 N/A (3)(7)(34) 
 AMMC CLO 22, Limited Series 2018-22A Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Structured Notes Residual Interest, current yield 
 2/22 4/31 (3)(33) 
 AMMC CLO 23, Ltd. Series 2020-23A Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Structured Notes Residual Interest, current yield 
 2/22 10/31 (3)(33) 
 Amtech LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 (7)(8)(9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 (7)(8)(9) 
 Anagram Holdings, LLC Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber First Lien Senior Secured Note Cash, PIK 
 8/20 8/25 AnalytiChem Holding GmbH Chemicals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/28 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 12/28 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 4/22 10/28 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 6/22 10/28 (3)(7)(8)(10) 
 Revolver EURIBOR + , Cash 
 4/22 10/23 ) ) (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Anju Software, Inc. Application Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/19 2/25 (7)(8)(9) 
 APC1 Holding Diversified Manufacturing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 7/22 7/29 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Apex Bidco Limited Business Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 1/20 1/27 (3)(7)(8)(19) 
 Subordinated Senior Unsecured Term Loan PIK 
 1/20 7/27 (3)(7) 
 Apidos CLO XXIV, Series 2016-24A Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Structured Notes Residual Interest, current yield 
 2/22 10/30 (3)(33) 
 APOG Bidco Pty Ltd Healthcare Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 4/22 3/30 (3)(7)(8)(21) 
 
 F-11 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Aptus 1829. GmbH Chemicals, Plastics, and Rubber First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 9/21 9/27 (3)(7)(8)(12) 
 Preferred Stock shares) 
 N/A 9/21 N/A (3)(7)(34) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 9/21 N/A (3)(7)(34) 
 Apus Bidco Limited Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 2/21 3/28 (3)(7)(8)(20) 
 AQA Acquisition Holding, Inc. High Tech Industries Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 3/21 3/29 (7)(8)(10) 
 Aquavista Watersides 2 LTD Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (3)(7)(8)(20) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 12/21 12/24 (3)(7)(8)(20) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + PIK 
 12/21 12/28 (3)(7)(8)(20) 
 Arc Education Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 7/22 7/29 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Arch Global Precision LLC Industrial Machinery First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 4/19 4/26 (7)(8)(10) 
 Archimede Consumer Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 10/20 10/27 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Argus Bidco Limited High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 7/22 7/29 (3)(7)(8)(16) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 7/22 7/29 (3)(7)(8)(19) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 7/22 7/29 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Subordinated Term Loan PIK 
 7/22 7/29 (3)(7) 
 Preferred Stock shares) 
 PIK 
 7/22 N/A (3)(7) 
 Equity Loan Notes units) 
 PIK 
 7/22 N/A (3)(7) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 7/22 N/A (3)(7)(34) 
 Armstrong Transport Group (Pele Buyer, LLC) Air Freight Logistics First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 6/19 6/24 (7)(8)(10) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 10/22 6/24 (7)(8)(17) 
 ASC Communications, LLC Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 7/22 7/27 (7)(8)(15) 
 Class A Units units) 
 N/A 7/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 ASPEQ Heating Group LLC Building Products, Air Heating First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/19 11/25 (7)(8)(10) 
 Astra Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 11/21 11/28 (3)(7)(8)(19) 
 
 F-12 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes ATL II MRO Holdings Inc. Transportation First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 11/22 11/28 (7)(8)(17) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 11/22 11/28 ) ) (7)(8)(17) 
 Auxi International Commercial Finance First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/19 12/26 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 4/21 12/26 (3)(7)(8)(19) 
 Avance Clinical Bidco Pty Ltd Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 (3)(7)(8)(23) 
 Aviation Technical Services, Inc. Aerospace Defense Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash, PIK 
 2/22 3/25 (7)(8)(9)(33) 
 AVSC Holding Corp. Advertising First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash, PIK 
 8/18 3/25 (8)(9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash, PIK 
 8/18 10/26 (8)(9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan Cash, PIK 
 11/20 10/26 Azalea Buyer, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 ) ) (7)(8)(10) 
 Subordinated Term Loan PIK 
 11/21 5/28 (7) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 11/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Bariacum S.A Consumer Products First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/28 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 Benify (Bennevis AB) High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan STIBOR + , Cash 
 7/19 7/26 (3)(7)(8)(26) 
 Beyond Risk Management, Inc. Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 10/27 (7)(8)(9) 
 Bidwax Non-durable Consumer Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 2/21 2/28 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 BigHand UK Bidco Limited High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 1/21 1/28 (3)(7)(8)(16) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 1/21 1/28 (3)(7)(8)(19) 
 Biolam Group Consumer Non-cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/22 11/29 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Bounteous, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 8/21 8/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 
 F-13 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, LLC Environmental Industries Municipal Revenue Bond Cash 
 7/22 9/27 
 Preferred Stock- Series C shares) 
 PIK 
 7/22 N/A (7) 
 Brightline Trains Florida LLC Transportation Senior Secured Note Cash 
 8/21 1/28 (7) 
 Brightpay Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 10/28 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 BrightSign LLC Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 10/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 10/27 ) ) (7)(8)(10) 
 LLC units units) 
 N/A 10/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 British Airways 2020-1 Class B Pass Through Trust Airlines Structured Secured Note - Class B Cash 
 11/20 11/28 British Engineering Services Holdco Limited Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 12/20 12/27 (3)(7)(8)(19) 
 Brook Whittle Holding Corp. Containers, Packaging Glass First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 2/22 12/28 (8)(16)(33) 
 Brown Machine Group Holdings, LLC Industrial Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/18 10/24 (7)(8)(10) 
 Burgess Point Purchaser Corporation Auto Parts Equipment Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 7/22 7/30 (7)(8)(15) 
 LP Units units) 
 N/A 7/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 BVI Medical, Inc. Healthcare Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 6/22 6/26 (7)(8)(13) 
 Cadent, LLC (f/k/a Cross MediaWorks) Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 9/18 9/25 (7)(8)(10) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 7/22 9/25 (7)(8)(10) 
 CAi Software, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 7/22 12/28 (7)(8)(10) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (7)(8)(10) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 ) ) (7)(8)(10) 
 Canadian Orthodontic Partners Corp. Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan CDOR + , Cash 
 6/21 3/26 (3)(7)(8)(25) 
 Class A Equity units) 
 N/A 5/22 N/A (3)(7)(34) 
 Class C - Warrants units) 
 N/A 5/22 N/A (3)(7)(34) 
 
 F-14 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Caribou Holding Company, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 4/22 4/27 (3)(7)(8)(16) 
 LLC Units units) 
 N/A 4/22 N/A (3)(7)(34) 
 Carlson Travel, Inc Business Travel Management First Lien Senior Secured Note Cash 
 11/21 11/26 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 11/21 N/A (34) 
 Catawba River Limited Finance Companies Structured - Junior Note N/A 10/22 10/28 (3)(7) 
 Centralis Finco S.a.r.l. Diversified Financial Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 5/20 4/27 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 5/20 4/27 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Ceres Pharma NV Pharma-ceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 10/28 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 CGI Parent, LLC Business Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 2/28 (7)(8)(9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/22 2/28 (7)(8)(16) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 2/28 ) ) (7)(8)(9) 
 Preferred Stock shares) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Cineworld Group PLC Leisure Products Warrants units) 
 N/A 7/22 N/A (3)(7)(34) 
 Classic Collision (Summit Buyer, LLC) Auto Collision Repair Centers First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 1/20 1/26 (7)(8)(9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 1/20 4/26 (7)(8)(9) 
 CM Acquisitions Holdings Inc. Internet Direct Marketing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 5/19 5/25 (7)(8)(16) 
 CMT Opco Holding, LLC (Concept Machine) Distributors First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 1/20 1/25 (7)(8)(10) 
 LLC Units units) 
 N/A 1/20 N/A (7) 
 Coastal Marina Holdings, LLC Other Financial Subordinated Term Loan PIK 
 11/21 11/31 (7) 
 Subordinated Term Loan Cash 
 11/21 11/31 (7) 
 LLC Units units) 
 N/A 11/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Cobham Slip Rings SAS Diversified Manufacturing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/28 (3)(7)(8)(10) 
 
 F-15 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Command Alkon (Project Potter Buyer, LLC) Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 4/20 4/27 (7)(8)(15) 
 Class B Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 4/20 N/A (7)(34) 
 Compass Precision, LLC Aerospace Defense Senior Subordinated Term Loan Cash, PIK 
 4/22 4/28 (7) 
 LLC Units units) 
 N/A 4/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Comply365, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 4/22 4/28 (7)(8)(17) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 4/22 4/28 (7)(8)(17) 
 Contabo Finco S. .R.L. Internet Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 10/22 10/29 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Core Scientific, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan Cash 
 3/22 3/25 (7)(31) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 9/22 N/A (34) 
 Coyo Uprising GmbH Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash, PIK 
 9/21 9/28 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 Class A Units units) 
 N/A 9/21 N/A (3)(7)(34) 
 Class B Units units) 
 N/A 9/21 N/A (3)(7)(34) 
 CSL DualCom Tele-communications First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 9/20 9/27 (3)(7)(8)(18) 
 CT Technologies Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 12/25 (8)(9)(33) 
 Custom Alloy Corporation Manufacturer of Pipe Fittings Forgings Revolver PIK 
 12/20 4/23 (7)(31)(32) 
 Second Lien Loan PIK 
 12/20 4/23 (7)(31)(32) 
 CVL 3 Capital Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (3)(7)(8)(16) 
 CW Group Holdings, LLC High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 1/21 1/27 (7)(8)(9) 
 LLC Units units) 
 N/A 1/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 DataOnline Corp. High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 11/25 (7)(8)(10)(33) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 11/25 (7)(8)(10)(33) 
 
 F-16 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes DataServ Integrations, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 11/22 11/28 (7)(8)(16) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 11/22 11/28 ) ) (7)(8)(16) 
 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 11/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 DecksDirect, LLC Building Materials First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/26 (7)(8)(9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/26 ) ) (7)(8)(9) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 DISA Holdings Corp. Other Industrial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 11/22 9/28 (7)(8)(15) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 11/22 9/28 (7)(8)(15) 
 Distinct Holdings, Inc. Systems Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 4/19 12/23 (7)(8)(10) 
 Dragon Bidco Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 4/21 4/28 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 4/21 4/28 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 DreamStart Bidco SAS (d/b/a SmartTrade) Diversified Financial Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 3/20 3/27 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Dryden 43 Senior Loan Fund, Series 2016-43A Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Structured Notes Residual Interest, current yield 
 2/22 4/34 (3)(33) 
 Dryden 49 Senior Loan Fund, Series 2017-49A Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Structured Notes Residual Interest, current yield 
 2/22 7/30 (3)(33) 
 Dune Group Health Care Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 9/21 9/28 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 9/21 9/28 (3)(7)(8)(10) 
 Dunlipharder B.V. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 6/22 6/28 (3)(7)(8)(16) 
 Dwyer Instruments, Inc. Electric First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 7/21 7/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Echo Global Logistics, Inc. Air Transportation Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/29 (7)(8)(10) 
 Partnership Equity units) 
 N/A 11/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Ellkay, LLC Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 9/21 9/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 EMI Porta Holdco LLC Diversified Manufacturing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 
 F-17 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Entact Environmental Services, Inc. Environmental Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/21 12/25 (7)(8)(10) 
 EPS NASS Parent, Inc. Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 4/21 4/28 (7)(8)(10) 
 eShipping, LLC Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 (7)(8)(9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 ) ) (7)(8)(9) 
 Eurofins Digital Testing International LUX Holding SARL Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/22 12/29 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/22 12/29 (3)(7)(8)(16) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 12/22 12/29 (3)(7)(8)(19) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan PIK 
 12/22 12/30 (3)(7) 
 Events Software BidCo Pty Ltd Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 3/22 3/28 (3)(7)(8)(22) 
 Express Wash Acquisition Company, LLC Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 7/22 7/28 (7)(8)(15) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 7/22 7/28 (7)(8)(15) 
 F24 (Stairway BidCo Gmbh) Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 8/20 8/27 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Ferrellgas L.P. Oil Gas Equipment Services Opco Preferred Units units) 
 N/A 3/21 N/A (7) 
 Fineline Technologies, Inc. Consumer Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/21 2/28 (7)(8)(10) 
 Finexvet Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 3/22 3/29 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 FinThrive Software Intermediate Holdings Inc. Business Equipment Services Preferred Stock shares) 
 PIK 
 3/22 N/A (7) 
 FitzMark Buyer, LLC Cargo Transportation First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (7)(8)(10) 
 Five Star Holding LLC Packaging Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 5/22 5/30 (7)(8)(16) 
 LLC Units units) 
 N/A 5/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Flexential Issuer, LLC Information Technology Structured Secured Note - Class C Cash 
 11/21 11/51 Flywheel Re Segregated Portfolio 2022-4 Investment Funds Preferred Stock shares) 
 N/A 8/22 N/A (3)(7)(34) 
 
 F-18 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Footco 40 Limited Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 4/22 4/29 (3)(7)(8)(19) 
 Fortis Payment Systems, LLC Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 10/22 2/26 (7)(8)(15) 
 FragilePak LLC Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 5/21 5/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 5/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Front Line Power Construction LLC Construction Machinery First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/28 (7)(8)(10) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 11/21 N/A (34) 
 FSS Buyer LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 8/21 8/28 (7)(8)(9) 
 LP Interest units) 
 N/A 8/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 LP Units units) 
 N/A 8/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 GB Eagle Buyer, Inc. Capital Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/22 11/28 (7)(8)(16) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 12/22 11/28 ) ) (7)(8)(16) 
 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 12/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Global Academic Group Limited Industrial Other First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 7/22 7/27 (3)(7)(8)(22) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BKBM + , Cash 
 7/22 7/27 (3)(7)(8)(27) 
 GPZN II GmbH Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 6/22 6/29 (3)(7)(8)(12) 
 Greenhill II BV Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 7/22 7/29 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Groupe Product Life Consumer Non-cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 10/22 10/29 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 GTM Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Medical Equipment Manufacturer Second Lien Loan Cash, PIK 
 12/20 12/24 (7)(32) 
 Series A Preferred Units units) 
 N/A 12/20 N/A (7)(32)(34) 
 Series C Preferred Units units) 
 N/A 12/20 N/A (7)(32)(34) 
 Gulf Finance, LLC Oil Gas Exploration Production First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 8/26 (8)(9) 
 Gusto Aus BidCo Pty Ltd. Consumer Non-Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 10/22 10/28 (3)(7)(8)(23) 
 
 F-19 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes HeartHealth Bidco Pty Ltd Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 9/22 9/28 (3)(7)(8)(22) 
 Heartland Veterinary Partners, LLC Healthcare Subordinated Term Loan PIK 
 11/21 11/23 (7) 
 Subordinated Term Loan PIK 
 11/21 11/28 (7) 
 Heartland, LLC Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 8/19 8/25 (7)(8)(10) 
 Heavy Construction Systems Specialists, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 (7)(8)(9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 ) ) (7)(8)(9) 
 Heilbron (f/k/a Sucsez (Bolt Bidco B.V.)) Insurance First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 9/19 9/26 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 HEKA Invest Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 10/22 10/29 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Holland Acquisition Corp. Energy: Oil Gas First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 
 2/22 11/22 (7)(8)(11) (31)(33) 
 Home Care Assistance, LLC Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 3/21 3/27 (7)(8)(15) 
 Honour Lane Logistics Holdings Limited Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 4/22 11/28 (3)(7)(8)(17) 
 HTI Technology Industries Electronic Component Manufacturing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 7/22 7/25 (7)(8)(16) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 7/22 7/25 ) ) (7)(8)(16) 
 HW Holdco, LLC (Hanley Wood LLC) Advertising First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/18 12/24 (7)(8)(10) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/18 12/24 (7)(8)(9) 
 Hygie 31 Holding Pharma-ceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 9/22 9/29 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 IM Analytics Holding, LLC (d/b/a NVT) Electronic Instruments Components First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/19 11/23 (7)(8)(9) 
 Warrants units) 
 N/A 11/19 11/26 (7)(34) 
 IM Square Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 5/21 4/28 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Infoniqa Holdings GmbH Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/28 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 Innovad Group II BV Beverage, Food Tobacco First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 4/21 4/28 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 
 F-20 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Innovative XCessories Services, LLC Automotive First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 3/27 (8)(11)(33) 
 INOS 19-090 GmbH Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/27 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Interstellar Group B.V. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 8/22 8/29 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Iqor US Inc. Services: Business First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 11/24 (8)(9)(33) 
 Isagenix International, LLC Wholesale First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 
 2/22 6/25 (7)(8)(10)(31) (33) 
 Isolstar Holding NV (IPCOM) Trading Companies Distributors First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 10/22 10/29 (3)(7)(8)(12) 
 ITI Intermodal, Inc. Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7)(8)(9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7)(8)(9) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 1/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Ivanti Software, Inc. High Tech Industries Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 12/28 (8)(10)(33) 
 Jade Bidco Limited (Jane's) Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 11/19 2/29 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 11/19 2/29 (3)(7)(8)(17) 
 Jaguar Merger Sub Inc. Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/21 9/24 (7)(8)(16) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 12/21 9/24 ) ) (7)(8)(16) 
 Jedson Engineering, Inc. Engineering Construction Management First Lien Loan Cash 
 12/20 6/23 (7)(32) 
 JetBlue 2019-1 Class B Pass Through Trust Airlines Structured Secured Note - Class B Cash 
 8/20 11/27 JF Acquisition, LLC Automotive First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 5/21 7/24 (7)(8)(9) 
 Jon Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BKBM + , Cash 
 3/22 3/27 (3)(7)(8)(27) 
 Jones Fish Hatcheries Distributors LLC Consumer Products First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 2/28 (7)(8)(10) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 2/28 ) ) (7)(8)(10) 
 LLC Units units) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 
 F-21 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Kano Laboratories LLC Chemicals, Plastics Rubber First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/20 11/26 (7)(8)(11) 
 Partnership Equity units) 
 N/A 11/20 N/A (7)(34) 
 Kene Acquisition, Inc. (En Engineering) Oil Gas Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 8/19 8/26 (7)(8)(10) 
 Kid Distro Holdings, LLC Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 10/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 LLC Units units) 
 N/A 10/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Kona Buyer, LLC High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/27 (7)(8)(16) 
 Lambir Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan PIK 
 12/21 6/29 (3)(7) 
 Lattice Group Holdings Bidco Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 5/22 5/29 (3)(7)(8)(17) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 5/22 11/28 (3)(7)(8)(16) 
 LeadsOnline, LLC Business Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 2/28 (7)(8)(10) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 2/28 ) ) (7)(8)(10) 
 LLC Units units) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Learfield Communications, LLC Broadcasting First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 8/20 12/23 (8)(9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan Cash, LIBOR + PIK 
 8/20 12/23 (10) 
 Legal Solutions Holdings Business Services Senior Subordinated Loan PIK 
 12/20 3/23 (7)(31)(32) 
 Liberty Steel Holdings USA Inc. Industrial Other Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 4/22 4/25 (7)(8)(15) 
 Lifestyle Intermediate II, LLC Consumer Goods: Durable First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 1/26 (7)(8)(10)(33) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 1/26 ) (7)(8)(10)(33) 
 LivTech Purchaser, Inc. Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 1/21 12/25 (7)(8)(10) 
 LogMeIn, Inc. High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 8/27 (8)(9)(33) 
 Long Term Care Group, Inc. Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 4/22 9/27 (7)(8)(9) 
 
 F-22 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Magnetite XIX, Limited Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Notes LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 4/34 (3)(10)(33) 
 Subordinated Structured Notes Residual Interest, current yield 
 2/22 4/34 (3)(33) 
 Marmoutier Holding B.V. Consumer Products First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 Revolver EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 6/27 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Marshall Excelsior Co. Capital Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 2/22 2/28 (7)(8)(16) 
 Revolver Prime + , Cash 
 2/22 2/28 (7)(8)(30) 
 MC Group Ventures Corporation Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 7/21 6/27 (7)(8)(9) 
 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 6/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Media Recovery, Inc. (SpotSee) Containers, Packaging Glass First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 11/19 11/25 (7)(8)(16) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 12/20 11/25 (7)(8)(18) 
 Median B.V. Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 2/22 10/27 (3)(8)(19) 
 Medical Solutions Parent Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/29 (8)(9) 
 Mercell Holding AS Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan NIBOR + , Cash 
 8/22 8/29 (3)(7)(8)(29) 
 Class A Units units) 
 N/A 8/22 N/A (3)(7)(34) 
 Class B Units units) 
 N/A 8/22 N/A (3)(7)(34) 
 MNS Buyer, Inc. Construction and Building First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 8/21 8/27 (7)(8)(9) 
 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 8/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Modern Star Holdings Bidco Pty Limited. Non-durable Consumer Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (3)(7)(8)(21) 
 Murphy Midco Limited Media, Diversified Production First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 11/20 11/27 (3)(7)(8)(20) 
 Music Reports, Inc. Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 8/20 8/26 (7)(8)(9) 
 Napa Bidco Pty Ltd Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 3/22 3/28 (3)(7)(8)(23) 
 
 F-23 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Narda Acquisitionco., Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Class A Preferred Stock shares) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Class B Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Navia Benefit Solutions, Inc. Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/21 2/27 (7)(8)(9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 11/22 2/27 (7)(8)(15) 
 Nexus Underwriting Management Limited Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 10/21 10/28 (3)(7)(8)(20) 
 Revolver SONIA + , Cash 
 10/21 4/23 (3)(7)(8)(20) 
 NGS US Finco, LLC (f/k/a Dresser Natural Gas Solutions) Energy Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/18 10/25 (7)(8)(9) 
 Northstar Recycling, LLC Environmental Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 9/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Novotech Aus Bidco Pty Ltd Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 1/22 1/28 (3)(7)(8)(23) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 1/22 1/28 (3)(7)(8)(17) 
 NPM Investments 28 B.V. Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 9/22 10/29 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 OA Buyer, Inc. Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (7)(8)(9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 ) ) (7)(8)(9) 
 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 OAC Holdings I Corp Automotive First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 3/22 3/29 (7)(8)(17) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 3/22 3/28 (7)(8)(17) 
 Offen Inc. Transportation: Cargo First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 6/26 (7)(9)(33) 
 OG III B.V. Containers Glass Products First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 6/21 6/28 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Omni Intermediate Holdings, LLC Transportation First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (7)(8)(16) 
 Options Technology Ltd. Computer Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/19 12/25 (3)(7)(8)(11) 
 
 F-24 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Oracle Vision Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 6/21 5/28 (3)(7)(8)(20) 
 Origin Bidco Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 6/21 6/28 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 6/21 6/28 (3)(7)(8)(10) 
 OSP Hamilton Purchaser, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/22 12/27 (7)(8)(16) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 ) ) (7)(8)(10) 
 LP Units units) 
 N/A 7/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Panoche Energy Center LLC Electric First Lien Senior Secured Bond Cash 
 7/22 7/29 (7) 
 Pare SAS (SAS Maurice MARLE) Health Care Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash, PIK 
 12/19 12/26 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 11/22 10/26 (3)(7)(8)(16) 
 Patriot New Midco 1 Limited (Forensic Risk Alliance) Diversified Financial Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 2/20 2/27 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/20 2/27 (3)(7)(8)(10) 
 PDQ.Com Corporation Business Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 8/21 8/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Class A-2 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 8/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Perimeter Master Note Business Trust Credit Card ABS Structured Secured Note - Class A Cash 
 5/22 5/27 (3)(7) 
 Structured Secured Note - Class B Cash 
 5/22 5/27 (3)(7) 
 Structured Secured Note - Class C Cash 
 5/22 5/27 (3)(7) 
 Structured Secured Note - Class D Cash 
 5/22 5/27 (3)(7) 
 Structured Secured Note - Class E Cash 
 5/22 5/27 (3)(7) 
 Permaconn BidCo Pty Ltd Tele-communications First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (3)(7)(8)(22) 
 Polara Enterprises, L.L.C. Capital Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 ) ) (7)(8)(10) 
 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 
 F-25 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Policy Services Company, LLC Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash, PIK 
 12/21 6/26 (7)(8)(10) 
 Warrants - Class A units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Warrants - Class B units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Warrants - Class CC units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Warrants - Class D units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Polymer Solutions Group Holdings, LLC Chemicals, Plastics Rubber First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 1/23 (7)(8)(9)(33) 
 Premium Franchise Brands, LLC Research Consulting Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (7)(8)(10) 
 Premium Invest Brokerage, Asset Managers Exchanges First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 6/21 6/28 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 Preqin MC Limited Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 8/21 7/28 (3)(7)(8)(11) 
 Process Equipment, Inc. (ProcessBarron) Industrial Air Material Handling Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 3/19 3/25 (7)(8)(16) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 3/19 3/25 (7)(8)(9) 
 Professional Datasolutions, Inc. (PDI) Application Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 3/19 10/24 (7)(8)(10) 
 ProfitOptics, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 3/22 3/28 (7)(8)(11) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 3/22 3/28 ) ) (7)(8)(11) 
 Second Lien Senior Subordinated Term Loan Cash 
 3/22 3/29 (7) 
 LLC Units units) 
 N/A 3/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Proppants Holding, LLC Energy: Oil Gas LLC Units units) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(33)(34) 
 Protego Bidco B.V. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 3/21 3/28 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 Revolver EURIBOR + , Cash 
 3/21 3/27 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 PSP Intermediate 4, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 5/22 5/29 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 5/22 5/29 (3)(7)(8)(10) 
 QPE7 SPV1 BidCo Pty Ltd Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 9/21 9/26 (3)(7)(8)(21) 
 Questel Unite Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/27 (3)(7)(8)(10) 
 
 F-26 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes R1 Holdings, LLC Transportation First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/22 12/28 (7)(8)(16) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 12/22 12/28 (7)(8)(16) 
 RA Outdoors, LLC High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 4/26 (7)(8)(10)(33) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 4/26 ) (7)(8)(10)(33) 
 Randys Holdings, Inc. Automobile Manufacturers First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 11/22 10/28 (7)(8)(16) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 11/22 10/28 (7)(8)(16) 
 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 11/22 12/99 (7)(34) 
 Recovery Point Systems, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 8/20 7/26 (7)(8)(10) 
 Partnership Equity units) 
 N/A 3/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Renovation Parent Holdings, LLC Home Furnishings First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Partnership Equity units) 
 N/A 11/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 REP SEKO MERGER SUB LLC Air Freight Logistics First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 6/22 12/26 (7)(8)(12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (7)(8)(10) 
 Resolute Investment Managers, Inc. Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 4/25 (7)(8)(10)(33) 
 Resonetics, LLC Health Care Equipment Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 4/21 4/29 (7)(8)(10) 
 Reward Gateway (UK) Ltd Precious Metals Minerals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 8/21 6/28 (3)(7)(8)(20) 
 Riedel Beheer B.V. Food Beverage First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Royal Buyer, LLC Industrial Other First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 8/22 8/28 (7)(8)(16) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 8/22 8/28 (7)(8)(16) 
 RPX Corporation Research Consulting Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/20 10/25 (7)(8)(10) 
 
 F-27 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes RTIC Subsidiary Holdings, LLC Consumer Goods: Durable First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 2/22 9/25 (7)(8)(15)(33) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 2/22 9/25 (7)(8)(15)(33) 
 Class A Preferred Stock shares) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(33) 
 Class B Preferred Stock shares) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(33)(34) 
 Class C Preferred Stock shares) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(33)(34) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(33)(34) 
 Ruffalo Noel Levitz, LLC Media Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 1/19 5/24 (7)(8)(10) 
 Safety Products Holdings, LLC Non-durable Consumer Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (7)(8)(10) 
 Preferred Stock shares) 
 N/A 12/20 N/A (7)(34) 
 Sanoptis S.A.R.L. Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 6/22 7/29 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SARON + , Cash 
 6/22 7/29 (3)(7)(8)(28) 
 Scaled Agile, Inc. Research Consulting Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (7)(8)(16) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 ) ) (7)(8)(16) 
 Scout Bidco B.V. Diversified Manufacturing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 5/22 3/29 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Revolver EURIBOR + , Cash 
 5/22 3/29 ) ) (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Sereni Capital NV Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 5/22 11/28 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 5/22 5/29 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 Serta Simmons Bedding LLC Home Furnishings Super Priority First Out LIBOR + , Cash 
 6/20 8/23 (8)(10) 
 Super Priority Second Out LIBOR + , Cash 
 6/20 8/23 (8)(10) 
 Shelf Bidco Ltd. Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/22 1/30 (3)(7)(8)(16) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 12/22 NA (3)(7)(34) 
 SISU ACQUISITIONCO., INC. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (7)(8)(10) 
 SMART Financial Operations, LLC Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate Preferred Stock shares) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(33)(34) 
 
 F-28 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Smartling, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 10/27 (7)(8)(9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 10/27 ) ) (7)(8)(9) 
 Smile Brands Group Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/18 10/25 (7)(8)(11) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 10/25 (7)(8)(11) 
 SN BUYER, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (7)(8)(10) 
 Soho Square III Debtco II SARL Diversified Capital Markets First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan PIK 
 10/22 10/27 (3)(7) 
 Solo Buyer, L.P. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/22 12/29 (7)(8)(16) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 12/22 12/28 ) ) (7)(8)(16) 
 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 12/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Sound Point CLO XX, Ltd. Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Structured Notes Residual Interest, current yield 
 2/22 7/31 (3)(33) 
 Sparus Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Sparus Holdings, Inc.) Other Utility First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 11/22 3/27 (7)(8)(16) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 11/22 3/27 ) ) (7)(8)(16) 
 Spatial Business Systems LLC Electric First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 10/22 10/28 (7)(8)(15) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 10/22 10/28 ) ) (7)(8)(15) 
 Springbrook Software (SBRK Intermediate, Inc.) Enterprise Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/19 12/26 (7)(8)(9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/22 12/26 (7)(8)(16) 
 SSCP Pegasus Midco Limited Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 12/20 11/27 (3)(7)(8)(19) 
 Starnmeer B.V. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 4/27 (3)(7)(8)(10) 
 Superjet Buyer, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 ) ) (7)(8)(10) 
 Syniverse Holdings, Inc. Technology Distributors Series A Preferred Equity units) 
 PIK 
 5/22 N/A (7) 
 
 F-29 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Syntax Systems Ltd Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 10/28 (3)(7)(8)(9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 10/26 (3)(7)(8)(9) 
 TA SL Cayman Aggregator Corp. Technology Subordinated Term Loan PIK 
 7/21 7/28 (7) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 7/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 Tank Holding Corp Metal Glass Containers First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 3/22 3/28 (7)(8)(15) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 3/22 3/28 (7)(8)(15) 
 Tanqueray Bidco Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 11/22 11/29 (3)(7)(8)(19) 
 Team Car Care, LLC Automotive First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 6/24 (7)(8)(10)(33) 
 Team Services Group Services: Consumer First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 12/27 (7)(8)(11)(33) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 12/28 (7)(8)(11)(33) 
 Techone B.V. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/28 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Revolver EURIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 5/28 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 Tencarva Machinery Company, LLC Capital Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/23 (7)(8)(10) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 ) ) (7)(8)(10) 
 Terrybear, Inc. Consumer Products Subordinated Term Loan Cash, PIK 
 4/22 4/28 (7) 
 Partnership Equity units) 
 N/A 4/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 The Caprock Group, Inc. (aka TA/TCG Holdings, LLC) Brokerage, Asset Managers Exchanges First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 12/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 12/27 ) ) (7)(8)(10) 
 Subordinated Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 10/28 (7)(8)(11) 
 The Cleaver-Brooks Company, Inc. Industrial Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 7/22 7/28 (7)(8)(15) 
 Subordinated Term Loan PIK 
 7/22 7/29 (7) 
 The Hilb Group, LLC Insurance Brokerage First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/19 12/26 (7)(8)(9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/19 12/25 (7)(8)(9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/19 12/26 (7)(8)(9) 
 
 F-30 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes The Octave Music Group, Inc. Media: Diversified Production Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 4/22 4/30 (7)(8)(16) 
 Partnership Equity units) 
 N/A 4/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Total Safety U.S. Inc. Diversified Support Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/19 8/25 (8)(10) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash, PIK 
 7/22 8/25 (7)(8)(10) 
 Trader Corporation Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan CDOR + , Cash 
 12/22 12/29 (3)(7)(8)(24) 
 Revolver CDOR + , Cash 
 12/22 12/28 ) ) (3)(7)(8)(24) 
 Transit Technologies LLC Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/20 2/25 (7)(8)(11) 
 Transportation Insight, LLC Air Freight Logistics First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 8/18 12/24 (7)(8)(10) 
 Trident Maritime Systems, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/21 2/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Truck-Lite Co., LLC Automotive Parts Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/19 12/26 (7)(8)(16) 
 True Religion Apparel, Inc. Retail Preferred Unit units) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(33)(34) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(33) 
 Trystar, LLC Power Distribution Solutions First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 9/18 9/23 (7)(8)(11) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 9/18 9/23 (7)(8)(10) 
 Class A LLC Units units) 
 N/A 9/18 N/A (7)(34) 
 TSM II Luxco 10 SARL Chemical Plastics Subordinated Term Loan PIK 
 3/22 3/27 (3)(7)(8) 
 TSYL Corporate Buyer, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/22 12/28 (7)(8)(16) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 12/22 12/28 ) ) (7)(8)(16) 
 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 12/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Turbo Buyer, Inc. Finance Companies First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 12/25 (7)(8)(10) 
 Turnberry Solutions, Inc. Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 7/21 9/26 (7)(8)(16) 
 U.S. Silica Company Metal Glass Containers First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 8/18 5/25 (3)(8)(9) 
 
 F-31 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes UKFast Leaders Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 9/20 9/27 (3)(7)(8)(19) 
 Union Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 6/22 6/29 (3)(7)(8)(19) 
 United Therapy Holding III GmbH Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 4/22 3/29 (3)(7)(8)(14) 
 USLS Acquisition, Inc. (f/k/a US Legal Support, Inc.) Legal Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 11/18 11/24 (7)(8)(16) 
 Utac Ceram Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 9/20 9/27 (3)(7)(8)(13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/21 9/27 (3)(7)(8)(10) 
 Validity, Inc. IT Consulting Other Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 7/19 5/25 (7)(8)(9) 
 Velocity Pooling Vehicle, LLC Automotive Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(33)(34) 
 Warrants units) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(33)(34) 
 Victoria Bidco Limited Industrial Machinery First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 3/22 1/29 (3)(7)(8)(20) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 3/22 1/29 (3)(7)(8)(19) 
 Vision Solutions Inc. Business Equipment Services Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 4/29 (8)(10)(33) 
 VistaJet Pass Through Trust 2021-1B Airlines Structured Secured Note - Class B Cash 
 11/21 2/29 (7) 
 Vital Buyer, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 6/21 6/28 (7)(8)(10) 
 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 6/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 VOYA CLO 2015-2, LTD. Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Structured Notes Residual Interest, current yield ) 
 2/22 7/27 (3)(33) 
 VOYA CLO 2016-2, LTD. Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Structured Notes Residual Interest, current yield 
 2/22 7/28 (3)(33) 
 W2O Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/20 6/25 (7)(8)(10) 
 Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC Consumer Goods: Durable Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(33)(34) 
 Watermill-QMC Midco, Inc. Automotive Equity Partnership Interest) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(33)(34) 
 
 F-32 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Wawona Delaware Holdings, LLC Beverage Food First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 9/26 (10)(33) 
 Wheels Up Experience Inc Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan Cash 
 10/22 4/30 (7) 
 Wok Holdings Inc. Retail First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 3/26 (8)(10)(33) 
 Woodland Foods, LLC Food Beverage First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7)(8)(10) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7)(34) 
 World 50, Inc. Professional Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 9/20 1/26 (7)(8)(9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 1/20 1/26 (7)(8)(9) 
 WWEC Holdings III Corp Capital Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 10/22 9/28 (7)(8)(16) 
 Revolver SOFR + , Cash 
 10/22 9/28 (7)(8)(16) 
 Xeinadin Bidco Limited Financial Other First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 5/22 5/29 (3)(7)(8)(19) 
 Subordinated Term Loan PIK 
 5/22 5/29 (3)(7) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 5/22 N/A (3)(7)(34) 
 ZB Holdco LLC Food Beverage First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 2/28 (7)(8)(10) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 2/28 ) ) (7)(8)(10) 
 LLC Units units 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Zeppelin Bidco Limited Services: Business First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 3/22 3/29 (3)(7)(8)(18) 
 Subtotal Non Control / Non Affiliate Investments 
 Affiliate Investments: (4) 1888 Industrial Services, LLC Energy: Oil Gas First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 
 2/22 5/23 (7)(8)(10) (31)(33) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 
 2/22 5/23 (7)(8)(10) (31)(33) 
 Warrants units) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(33)(34) 
 Eclipse Business Capital, LLC Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate Revolver LIBOR + 
 7/21 7/28 (7)(9) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan Cash 
 7/21 7/28 (7) 
 LLC Units units) 
 N/A 7/21 N/A (7) 
 
 F-33 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Hylan Datacom Electrical LLC Construction Building First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 2/22 3/26 (7)(8)(16) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 2/22 3/27 (7)(8)(16) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(34) 
 Jocassee Partners LLC Investment Funds Vehicles Member Interest 
 N/A 6/19 N/A (3) 
 Kemmerer Operations, LLC Metals Mining First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan PIK 
 2/22 6/23 (7)(33) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(33)(34) 
 Sierra Senior Loan Strategy JV I LLC Joint Venture Member Interest 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (3)(33) 
 Thompson Rivers LLC Investment Funds Vehicles Member Interest 
 N/A 6/20 N/A Waccamaw River LLC Investment Funds Vehicles Member Interest 
 N/A 2/21 N/A (3) 
 Subtotal Affiliate Investments 
 Control Investments:(5) Black Angus Steakhouses, LLC Hotel, Gaming Leisure First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 2/22 1/24 (7)(8)(9)(33) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan PIK 
 2/22 1/24 (7)(31)(33) 
 LLC Units units) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (7)(33)(34) 
 MVC Automotive Group GmbH Automotive Bridge Loan Cash) 
 Cash 
 12/20 12/24 (3)(7)(32) 
 Common Equity interest shares) 
 N/A 12/20 N/A (3)(7)(32)(34) 
 MVC Private Equity Fund LP Investment Funds Vehicles General Partnership Interest units) 
 N/A 3/21 N/A (3)(32) 
 Limited Partnership Interest units) 
 N/A 3/21 N/A (3)(32) 
 
 F-34 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1) (2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Security Holdings B.V. Electrical Engineering Bridge Loan PIK 
 12/20 5/24 (3)(7)(32) 
 Senior Subordinated Term Loan PIK 
 12/20 5/24 (3)(7)(32) 
 Senior Unsecured Term Loan Cash, PIK 
 4/21 4/25 (3)(7)(32) 
 Common Stock Series A shares) 
 N/A 2/22 N/A (3)(7)(32)(34) 
 Common Stock Series B shares 
 N/A 12/20 N/A (3)(7)(32)(34) 
 Subtotal Control Investments 
 Total Investments, December 31, 2022 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 Credit Support Agreements Description(d) Counterparty Settlement Date Notional Amount Value Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) MVC Credit Support Agreement(a)(b)(c) Barings LLC 01/01/31 ) Sierra Credit Support Agreement(e)(f)(g) Barings LLC 04/01/32 ) Total Credit Support Agreements, December 31, 2022 
 ) 
 (a) The MVC Credit Support Agreement covers all of the investments acquired by Barings BDC, Inc. (the Company from MVC Capital, Inc. MVC in connection with the MVC Acquisition (as defined in Note 1 Organization, Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and any investments received by the Company in connection with the restructuring, amendment, extension or other modification (including the issuance of new securities) of any of the investments acquired by the Company from MVC in connection with the MVC Acquisition (collectively, the MVC Reference Portfolio ). Each investment that is included in the MVC Reference Portfolio is denoted in the above Schedule of Investments with footnote (32). 
 (b) The Company and Barings LLC Barings entered into the MVC Credit Support Agreement pursuant to which Barings agreed to provide credit support to the Company in the amount of up to million. 
 (c) Settlement Date means the earlier of (1) January 1, 2031 or (2) the date on which the entire MVC Reference Portfolio has been realized or written off. 
 (d) See Note 2 Agreements and Related Party Transactions for additional information regarding the Credit Support Agreements. 
 (e) The Sierra Credit Support Agreement covers all of the investments acquired by the Company from Sierra Income Corporation Sierra in connection with the Sierra Merger (as defined in Note 1 Organization, Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and any investments received by the Company in connection with the restructuring, amendment, extension or other modification (including the issuance of new securities) of any of the investments acquired by the Company from Sierra in connection with the Sierra Merger (collectively, the Sierra Reference Portfolio ). Each investment that is included in the Sierra Reference Portfolio is denoted in the above Schedule of Investments with footnote (33). 
 (f) The Company and Barings entered into the Sierra Credit Support Agreement pursuant to which Barings agreed to provide credit support to the Company in the amount of up to million. 
 (g) Settlement Date means the earlier of (1) April 1, 2032 or (2) the date on which the entire Sierra Reference Portfolio has been realized or written off. 
 F-35 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts: Description Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Counterparty Settlement Date Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A Citibank, N.A. 01/09/23 Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A Bank of America, N.A. 01/09/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A Citibank, N.A. 04/11/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C Bank of America, N.A. 01/09/23 Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C Fifth Third Bank 01/09/23 Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C Bank of America, N.A. 01/09/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C HSBC Bank USA 01/09/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C Fifth Third Bank 04/11/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) kr. Bank of America, N.A. 01/09/23 Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) kr. HSBC Bank USA 01/09/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) kr. Bank of America, N.A. 04/11/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) Bank of America, N.A. 01/09/23 Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) HSBC Bank USA 01/09/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) Bank of America, N.A. 04/11/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) NZ Bank of America, N.A. 01/09/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) NZ Citibank, N.A. 01/09/23 Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) NZ Bank of America, N.A. 01/09/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) NZ Citibank, N.A. 01/09/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) NZ Citibank, N.A. 04/11/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (NOK) kr Bank of America, N.A. 01/09/23 Foreign currency forward contract (NOK) kr Bank of America, N.A. 01/09/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (NOK) kr Bank of America, N.A. 04/11/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) Citibank, N.A. 01/09/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) Bank of America, N.A. 01/09/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) HSBC Bank USA 01/09/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) Citibank, N.A. 04/11/23 Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) kr. Citibank, N.A. 01/09/23 Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) kr. HSBC Bank USA 01/09/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) kr. Citibank, N.A. 04/11/23 Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) Fr. Bank of America, N.A. 01/09/23 Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) Fr. Bank of America, N.A. 01/09/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) Fr. Citibank, N.A. 01/09/23 ) Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) Fr. Bank of America, N.A. 04/11/23 ) Total Foreign Currency Forward Contracts, December 31, 2022 
 ) 

(1) 
 (2) of the Company s net assets, are subject to legal restrictions on sales. The acquisition date represents the date of the Company's initial investment in the relevant portfolio company. 
 (3) of tot al investments at fair value as of December 31, 2022. Qualifying assets must represent at least 70 of total assets at the time of acquisition of any 
 F-36 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

(4) As defined in the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to be an affiliated person of the portfolio company as the Company owns between 5 or more, up to 25 (inclusive), of the portfolio company s voting securities non-controlled affiliate ). Transactions related to investments in non-controlled Affiliate Investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 December 31, 2021 Value Gross Additions (a) Gross Reductions (b) Amount of Realized Gain (Loss) Amount of Unrealized Gain (Loss) December 31, 2022 Value Amount of Interest or Dividends Credited to Income(c) Portfolio Company Type of Investment 1888 Industrial Services, LLC (d) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan (LIBOR + (e) 
 ) Revolver (LIBOR + (e) 
 ) ) Warrants units) 
 ) ) Charming Charlie LLC (d) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan Cash) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan Cash) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan (LIBOR + , Cash) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan (LIBOR + , Cash) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 Eclipse Business Capital, LLC (d) 
 Revolver (LIBOR + 
 ) ) Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan Cash) 
 ) LLC units units) 
 ) Hylan Datacom Electrical LLC (d) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan (SOFR + , Cash) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan (SOFR + , Cash) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 ) ) Jocassee Partners LLC Member Interest 
 ) ) JSC Tekers Holdings (d) 
 Preferred Stock shares) 
 ) Common Stock shares) 
 ) Kemmerer Operations, LLC (d) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan PIK) 
 ) Common Stock shares) 
 ) ) ) Security Holdings B.V (d) 
 Bridge Loan PIK 5/31/2021) 
 ) Senior Subordinated Loan PIK) 
 ) Senior Unsecured Term Loan PIK) 
 ) Common Equity Interest ) ) 
 F-37 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 December 31, 2021 Value Gross Additions (a) Gross Reductions (b) Amount of Realized Gain (Loss) Amount of Unrealized Gain (Loss) December 31, 2022 Value Amount of Interest or Dividends Credited to Income(c) Portfolio Company Type of Investment Sierra Senior Loan Strategy JV I LLC Member Interest 
 ) ) ) ) Thompson Rivers LLC Member Interest 
 ) ) ) ) Waccamaw River LLC Member Interest 
 ) ) Total Affiliate Investments ) ) 
 (a) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new investments and follow-on investments. 
 (b) Gross reductions include decreases in the total cost basis of investments resulting from principal repayments, sales and return of capital. 
 (c) Represents the total amount of interest, fees or dividends credited to income for the portion of the year an investment was included in the Affiliate category. 
 (d) The fair value of the investment was determined using significant unobservable inputs. 
 (e) Non-accrual investment. 
 (5) As defined in the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to be both an affiliated person and control the portfolio company because it owns more than 25 of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or it has the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company (including through a management agreement). Transactions as of and during the year ended December 31, 2022 in which the portfolio company is deemed to be a Control Investment of the Company were as follows: 
 December 31, 2021 Value Gross Additions (a) Gross Reductions (b) Amount of Realized Gain (Loss) Amount of Unrealized Gain (Loss) December 31, 2022 Value Amount of Interest or Dividends Credited to Income(c) Portfolio Company Type of Investment Black Angus Steakhouses, LLC (d) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan (LIBOR + , Cash) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan PIK) (f) 
 ) LLC Units units) 
 ) JSC Tekers Holdings (d) 
 Preferred Stock shares) 
 ) ) Common Stock shares) 
 ) ) MVC Automotive Group GmbH (d) 
 Bridge Loan Cash) 
 Common Equity Interest Shares) 
 MVC Private Equity Fund LP General Partnership Interest (e) 
 units) 
 ) ) Limited Partnership Interest (f) 
 units) 
 ) ) ) 
 F-38 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investment (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 December 31, 2021 Value Gross Additions (a) Gross Reductions (b) Amount of Realized Gain (Loss) Amount of Unrealized Gain (Loss) December 31, 2022 Value Amount of Interest or Dividends Credited to Income(c) Portfolio Company Type of Investment Security Holdings B.V (d) 
 Bridge Loan PIK, Acquired 12/20, Due 05/24) 
 Senior Subordinated Term Loan PIK, Acquired 12/20, Due 05/24) 
 Senior Subordinated Note PIK, Acquired 12/20, Due 05/22) 
 ) ) Senior Unsecured Term Loan Cash, PIK, Acquired 04/21, Due 04/25) 
 ) ) Common Stock Series A shares, Acquired 02/22) 
 Common Stock Series B shares, Acquired 12/20) 
 ) ) Total Control Investments ) ) 
 (a) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new investments and follow-on investments. 
 (b) Gross reductions include decreases in the total cost basis of investments resulting from principal repayments, sales and return of capital. 
 (c) Represents the total amount of interest, fees or dividends credited to income for the portion of the year an investment was included in the Control category. 
 (d) The fair value of the investment was determined using significant unobservable inputs. 
 (e) The Company received a million distribution that was recognized as realized gain. 
 (f) The Company received a million distribution that was recognized as realized gain. 
 (6) All of the investment is or will be encumbered as security for the Company's billion senior secured credit facility with ING Capital LLC initially entered into in February 2019 (as amended, restated and otherwise modified from time to time, the February 2019 Credit Facility ). 
 (7) 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10) 
 (11) 
 (12) 
 (13) 
 (14) 
 (15) 
 (16) 
 (17) 
 (18) 
 (19) 
 (20) 
 (21) 
 (22) 
 (23) 
 (24) 
 (25) 
 (26) 
 (27) 
 (28) 
 (29) 
 (30) 
 (31) 
 (32) 
 (33) 
 (34) 

See accompanying notes. 
 F-39 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Non Control / Non Affiliate Investments: 1WorldSync, Inc. IT Consulting Other Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + Cash 
 07/19 07/25 (7) (8) (10) 
 Accelerate Learning, Inc. Education Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/18 12/24 (7) (8) (10) 
 Acclime Holdings HK Limited Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 08/21 07/27 (3) (7) (8) (10) 
 Accurus Aerospace Corporation Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash, PIK 
 10/18 10/24 (7) (8) (11) 
 ADB Safegate Aerospace Defense Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 08/21 07/25 (3) (8) (10) 
 Advantage Software Company (The), LLC Advertising, Printing Publishing Class A1 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7) 
 Class A2 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7) 
 Class B1 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7) 
 Class B2 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7) 
 Aftermath Bidco Corporation Professional Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 04/19 04/25 (7) (8) (10) 
 Air Canada 2020-2 Class B Pass Through Trust Airlines Structured Secured Note - Class B Cash 
 09/20 10/25 Air Comm Corporation, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 06/21 07/27 (7) (8) (10) 
 AIT Worldwide Logistics Holdings, Inc. Transportation Services Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 04/21 04/29 (7) (8) (10) 
 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 04/21 N/A (7) 
 Alpine US Bidco LLC Agricultural Products Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 05/21 05/29 (7) (8) (10) 
 Amtech LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 (7) (8) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 ) ) (7) (8) (10) 
 Anagram Holdings, LLC Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber First Lien Senior Secured Note Cash, PIK 
 08/20 08/25 (3) 
 AnalytiChem Holding Gmbh Chemicals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) 
 
 F-40 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Anju Software, Inc. Application Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 02/19 02/25 (7) (8) (9) 
 AP Aristotle Holdings, LLC Oil Field Services Subordinated Term Loan Cash 
 12/21 06/25 (7) 
 Apex Bidco Limited Business Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + , Cash 
 01/20 01/27 (3) (7) (8) (12) 
 Subordinated Senior Unsecured Term Loan PIK 
 01/20 01/27 (3) (7) 
 Aptus 1829. GmbH Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 09/21 09/27 (3) (7) (8) (14) 
 Preferred Stock shares) 
 N/A 09/21 N/A (3) (7) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 09/21 N/A (3) (7) 
 Apus Bidco Limited Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 02/21 03/28 (3) (7) (8) (17) 
 AQA Acquisition Holding, Inc. High Tech Industries Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 03/21 03/29 (7) (8) (10) 
 Aquavista Watersides 2 LTD Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (3) (7) (8) (17) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + PIK 
 12/21 12/28 (3) (7) (8) (17) 
 Revolver SONIA + , Cash 
 12/21 12/22 ) ) (3) (7) (8) (17) 
 Arch Global Precision LLC Industrial Machinery First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 04/19 04/26 (7) (8) (10) 
 Archimede Consumer Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 10/20 10/27 (3) (7) (8) (14) 
 Argus Bidco Limited High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 12/20 12/27 (3) (7) (8) (16) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 05/21 12/27 (3) (7) (8) (10) 
 Armstrong Transport Group (Pele Buyer, LLC Air Freight Logistics First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 06/19 06/24 (7) (8) (10) 
 ASPEQ Heating Group LLC Building Products, Air Heating First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/19 11/25 (7) (8) (9) 
 Astra Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 11/21 11/28 (3) (7) (8) (16) 
 Auxi International Commercial Finance First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/19 12/26 (3) (7) (8) (15) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 04/21 12/26 (3) (7) (8) (17) 
 
 F-41 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Avance Clinical Bidco Pty Ltd Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 (3) (7) (8) (20) 
 AVSC Holding Corp. Advertising First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash, PIK 
 08/18 03/25 (8) (10) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash, PIK 
 08/18 10/26 (8) (10) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan Cash, PIK 
 11/20 10/26 Azalea Buyer, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 (7) (10) 
 Subordinated Term Loan PIK 
 11/21 05/28 (7) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 11/21 N/A (7) 
 Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 ) ) (7) (10) 
 Bariacum S.A. Consumer Products First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) 
 BDP International, Inc. (f/k/a BDP Buyer, LLC) Air Freight Logistics First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/18 12/24 (7) (8) (9) 
 Benify (Bennevis AB) High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan STIBOR + , Cash 
 07/19 07/26 (3) (7) (8) (18) 
 Beyond Risk Management, Inc. Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 09/27 (7) (8) (10) 
 Bidwax Non-durable Consumer Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 02/21 02/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) 
 BigHand UK Bidco Limited High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + , Cash 
 01/21 01/28 (3) (7) (8) (13) 
 Black Diamond Equipment Rentals LLC Equipment Rental Second Lien Loan Cash 
 12/20 06/22 (7) (25) Warrants units) 
 N/A 12/20 N/A (7) (25) Bounteous, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 08/21 08/27 (7) (8) (10) Brightline Trains Florida LLC Transportation Senior Secured Note Cash 
 08/21 01/28 (7) Brightpay Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 10/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) BrightSign LLC Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 10/27 (7) (8) (10) LLC units units) 
 N/A 10/21 N/A (7) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 10/27 ) ) (7) (8) (10) 
 F-42 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes British Airways 2020-1 Class B Pass Through Trust Airlines Structured Secured Note - Class B Cash 
 11/20 11/28 British Engineering Services Holdco Limited Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 12/20 12/27 (3) (7) (8) (17) Revolver SONIA + , Cash 
 12/20 06/22 ) ) (3) (7) (8) (17) Brown Machine Group Holdings, LLC Industrial Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/18 10/24 (7) (8) (9) Cadent, LLC (f/k/a Cross MediaWorks) Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 09/18 09/23 (7) (8) (9) CAi Software, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (7) (8) (10) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 ) ) Canadian Orthodontic Partners Corp. Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan CDOR + , Cash 
 06/21 03/26 (3) (7) (8) (21) Carlson Travel, Inc Business Travel Management First Lien Senior Secured Note Cash 
 11/21 11/26 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 11/21 N/A Centralis Finco S.a.r.l. Diversified Financial Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 05/20 05/27 (3) (7) (8) (14) Ceres Pharma NV Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 10/28 (3) (7) (8) (15) Cineworld Group PLC Leisure Products Super Senior Secured Term Loan Cash, PIK 
 11/20 05/24 (3) Super Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 07/21 05/24 (3) (8) (11) Warrants units) 
 N/A 12/20 N/A (3) Classic Collision (Summit Buyer, LLC) Auto Collision Repair Centers First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 01/20 01/26 (7) (8) (10) CM Acquisitions Holdings Inc. Internet Direct Marketing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 05/19 05/25 (7) (8) (10) CMT Opco Holding, LLC (Concept Machine) Distributors First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 01/20 01/25 (7) (8) (10) LLC Units units) 
 N/A 01/20 N/A (7) Coastal Marina Holdings, LLC Other Financial Subordinated Term Loan PIK 
 11/21 11/31 (7) LLC Units units) 
 N/A 11/21 N/A (7) 
 F-43 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Cobham Slip Rings SAS Diversified Manufacturing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/28 (3) (7) (8) (10) Command Alkon (Project Potter Buyer, LLC) Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 04/20 04/27 (7) (8) (9) Class A Units units) 
 N/A 04/20 N/A (7) Class B Units units) 
 N/A 04/20 N/A (7) Contabo Finco S. R.L Internet Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 11/21 10/26 (3) (7) (8) (16) Coyo Uprising GmbH Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 09/21 09/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) Class A Units units) 
 N/A 09/21 N/A (3) (7) Class B Units units) 
 N/A 09/21 N/A (3) (7) Crash Champions Automotive First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 05/21 08/25 (7) (8) (10) CSL DualCom Tele-communications First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + , Cash 
 09/20 09/27 (3) (7) (8) (13) Custom Alloy Corporation Manufacturer of Pipe Fittings Forgings Second Lien Loan PIK 
 12/20 04/22 (7) (24) (25) Revolver PIK 
 12/20 04/22 (7) (24) (25) CVL 3 Capital Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (3) (7) (8) (22) 6-Month Bridge Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 06/22 (3) (7) (8) (14) CW Group Holdings, LLC High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 01/21 01/27 (7) (8) (10) LLC Units units) 
 N/A 01/21 N/A (7) Dart Buyer, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 04/19 04/25 (3) (7) (8) (10) DecksDirect, LLC Building Materials First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/26 (7) (8) (9) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/26 ) ) (7) (8) (10) LLC Units units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7) Discovery Education, Inc. Publishing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/20 10/26 (7) (8) (10) Distinct Holdings, Inc. Systems Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 04/19 12/23 (7) (8) (9) 
 F-44 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Dragon Bidco Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 04/21 04/28 (3) (7) (8) (15) DreamStart Bidco SAS (d/b/a SmartTrade) Diversified Financial Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 03/20 03/27 (3) (7) (8) (15) Dune Group Health Care Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 09/21 09/28 (3) (7) (8) (10) First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 09/21 09/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) Dwyer Instruments, Inc. Electric First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 07/21 07/27 (7) (8) (10) Echo Global Logistics, Inc. Air Transportation Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/29 (7) (8) (10) Partnership Equity units) 
 N/A 11/21 N/A (7) Ellkay, LLC Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 09/21 09/27 (7) (8) (10) EMI Porta Holdco LLC Diversified Manufacturing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , 6 Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7) (8) (10) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 ) ) (7) (8) (10) Entact Environmental Services, Inc. Environmental Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 02/21 12/25 (7) (8) (10) EPS NASS Parent, Inc. Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 04/21 04/28 (7) (8) (10) Eshipping, LLC Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 (7) (8) (9) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 12/27 (7) (8) (10) F24 (Stairway BidCo Gmbh) Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + Cash 
 08/20 08/27 (3) (7) (8) (14) Ferrellgas L.P. Oil Gas Equipment Services OpCo Preferred Units units) 
 N/A 03/21 N/A (3) (7) Fineline Technologies, Inc. Consumer Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 02/21 02/28 (7) (8) (10) FitzMark Buyer, LLC Cargo Transportation First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (7) (8) (10) Flexential Issuer, LLC Information Technology Structured Secured Note - Class C Cash 
 11/21 11/51 
 F-45 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes FragilePak LLC Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 05/21 05/27 (7) (8) (9) Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 05/21 N/A Front Line Power Construction LLC Construction Machinery First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/28 (7) (8) (10) Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 11/21 N/A FSS Buyer LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 08/21 08/28 (7) (8) (10) LP Interest units) 
 N/A 08/21 N/A (7) LP Units units) 
 N/A 08/21 N/A (7) GTM Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Medical Equipment Manufacturer Second Lien Loan Cash, PIK 
 12/20 12/24 (7) (25) Series A Preferred Units units) 
 N/A 12/20 N/A (7) (25) Series C Preferred Units units) 
 N/A 12/20 N/A (7) (25) Gulf Finance, LLC Oil Gas Exploration Production First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 08/26 (8) (9) Hawaiian Airlines 2020-1 Class B Pass Through Certificates Airlines Structured Secured Note - Class B Cash 
 08/20 09/25 Heartland Veterinary Partners, LLC Healthcare Subordinated Term Loan PIK 
 11/21 11/27 (7) Heartland, LLC Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 08/19 08/25 (7) (8) (10) Heavy Construction Systems Specialists, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 (7) (8) (10) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 ) ) (7) (8) (10) Heilbron (f/k/a Sucsez (Bolt Bidco B.V.)) Insurance First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 09/19 09/26 (3) (7) (8) (15) Highpoint Global LLC Government Services Second Lien Note Cash, PIK 
 12/20 09/22 (7) (25) Home Care Assistance, LLC Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 03/21 03/27 (7) (8) (10) HTI Technology Industries Electronic Component Manufacturing Second Lien Note Cash, PIK 
 12/20 09/24 (7) (25) HW Holdco, LLC (Hanley Wood LLC) Advertising First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/18 12/24 (7) (8) (9) 
 F-46 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes IGL Holdings III Corp. Commercial Printing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/20 11/26 (7) (8) (10) IM Analytics Holding, LLC (d/b/a NVT) Electronic Instruments Components First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/19 11/23 (7) (8) (10) Warrants units) 
 N/A 11/19 N/A (7) (8) IM Square Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 05/21 04/28 (3) (7) (8) (15) Infoniqa Holdings GmbH Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) Innovad Group II BV Beverage, Food Tobacco First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 04/21 04/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) INOS 19-090 GmbH Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/27 (3) (7) (8) (14) ISS#2, LLC (d/b/a Industrial Services Solutions) Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 02/20 02/26 (7) (8) (10) ITI Intermodal, Inc. Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7) (8) (9) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 ) ) (7) (8) (10) Jade Bidco Limited (Jane's) Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash, PIK 
 11/19 12/26 (3) (7) (8) (11) Jaguar Merger Sub Inc. Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 09/24 (7) (8) (10) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 09/24 ) ) (7) (8) (10) Jedson Engineering, Inc. Engineering Construction Management First Lien Loan Cash 
 12/20 06/24 (7) (25) JetBlue 2019-1 Class B Pass Through Trust Airlines Structured Secured Note - Class B Cash 
 08/20 11/27 JF Acquisition, LLC Automotive First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 05/21 07/24 (7) (8) (10) Kano Laboratories LLC Chemicals, Plastics Rubber First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/20 11/26 (7) (8) (11) Partnership Equity units) 
 N/A 11/20 N/A (7) Kene Acquisition, Inc. (En Engineering) Oil Gas Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 08/19 08/26 (7) (8) (9) 
 F-47 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Kid Distro Holdings, LLC Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 10/27 (7) (8) (10) Partnership Equity units) 
 N/A 10/21 N/A Kona Buyer, LLC High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/27 (7) (8) (10) LAF International Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 03/21 03/28 (3) (7) (8) (15) Lambir Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan PIK 
 12/21 06/29 (3) (7) Revolver EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/24 (3) (7) (8) (14) Learfield Communications, LLC Broadcasting First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 08/20 12/23 (8) (9) First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash, PIK 
 08/20 12/23 (10) 
 Legal Solutions Holdings Business Services Senior Subordinated Loan PIK 
 12/20 03/22 (7) (24) (25) LivTech Purchaser, Inc. Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 01/21 12/25 (7) (8) (10) Marmoutier Holding B.V. Consumer Products First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) Revolver EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 06/27 ) ) (3) (7) (8) (14) MC Group Ventures Corporation Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 07/21 06/27 (7) (8) (10) Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 06/21 N/A (7) Media Recovery, Inc. (SpotSee) Containers, Packaging Glass First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/19 11/25 (7) (8) (10) First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 11/25 (7) (8) (12) Medical Solutions Parent Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/29 (8) (10) MNS Buyer, Inc. Construction Building First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 08/21 08/27 (7) (8) (9) Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 08/21 N/A (7) Modern Star Holdings Bidco Pty Limited. Non-durable Consumer Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (3) (7) (8) (19) MSG National Properties Hotel, Gaming, Leisure First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/20 11/25 (3) (7) (8) (10) 
 F-48 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Murphy Midco Limited Media, Diversified Production First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/20 11/27 (3) (7) (8) (13) Music Reports, Inc. Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 08/20 08/26 (7) (8) (10) Narda Acquisitionco., Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7) (8) (10) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 ) ) (7) (8) (10) Class A Preferred Stock shares) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7) Class B Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7) Navia Benefit Solutions, Inc. Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 02/21 02/27 (7) (8) (10) Nexus Underwriting Management Limited Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 12/21 10/28 (3) (7) (8) (17) First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 12/21 04/22 (3) (7) (8) (17) NGS US Finco, LLC (f/k/a Dresser Natural Gas Solutions) Energy Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/18 10/25 (7) (8) (9) Northstar Recycling, LLC Environmental Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 09/27 (7) (8) (10) OA Buyer, Inc. Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (7) (8) (10) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 ) ) (7) (8) (10) Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7) Odeon Cinemas Group Limited Hotel, Gaming, Leisure First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan Cash 
 02/21 08/23 (3) (7) OG III B.V. Containers Glass Products First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 06/21 06/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) Omni Intermediate Holdings, LLC Transportation First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (7) (8) (9) Options Technology Ltd. Computer Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/19 12/25 (3) (7) (8) (10) Oracle Vision Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 06/21 05/28 (3) (7) (8) (17) 
 F-49 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Origin Bidco Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 06/21 06/28 (3) (7) (8) (10) First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 06/21 06/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) OSP Hamilton Purchaser, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7) (8) (9) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 ) ) (7) (8) (10) Pacific Health Supplies Bidco Pty Limited Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 12/20 12/25 (3) (7) (8) (20) Pare SAS (SAS Maurice MARLE) Health Care Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/19 12/26 (3) (7) (14) Patriot New Midco 1 Limited (Forensic Risk Alliance) Diversified Financial Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 02/20 02/27 (3) (7) (8) (10) First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 02/20 02/27 (3) (7) (8) (14) PDQ.Com Corporation Business Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 08/21 08/27 (7) (8) (10) Class A-2 Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 08/21 N/A (7) Permaconn Bidco Ltd Tele-communications First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (3) (7) (8) (19) Polara Enterprises, LLC Capital Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7) (8) (10) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 ) ) (7) (8) (10) Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7) Policy Services Company, LLC Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash, PIK 
 12/21 06/26 (7) (8) (10) Warrants - Class A units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7) Warrants - Class B units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7) Warrants - Class CC units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7) Warrants - Class D units) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7) Premium Franchise Brands, LLC Research Consulting Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (7) (8) (10) Premium Invest Brokerage, Asset Managers Exchanges First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 06/21 06/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) Preqin MC Limited Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + , Cash 
 08/21 07/28 (3) (7) (8) (23) 
 F-50 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Process Equipment, Inc. (ProcessBarron) Industrial Air Material Handling Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 03/19 03/25 (7) (8) (10) Professional Datasolutions, Inc. (PDI) Application Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 03/19 10/24 (7) (8) (10) Protego Bidco B.V. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 03/21 03/27 (3) (7) (8) (14) First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , 6 Cash 
 03/21 03/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) QPE7 SPV1 BidCo Pty Ltd Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + , Cash 
 09/21 09/26 (3) (7) (8) (20) Questel Unite Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/27 (3) (7) (8) (10) Recovery Point Systems, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 08/20 08/26 (7) (8) (10) Partnership Equity units) 
 N/A 03/21 N/A (7) Renovation Parent Holdings, LLC Home Furnishings First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 (7) (8) (11) Partnership Equity units) 
 N/A 11/21 N/A (7) REP SEKO MERGER SUB LLC Air Freight Logistics First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (7) (8) (10) Resonetics, LLC Health Care Equipment Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 04/21 04/29 (7) (8) (10) Reward Gateway (UK) Ltd Precious Metals Minerals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 08/21 06/28 (3) (7) (8) (17) Riedel Beheer B.V. Food Beverage First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) Revolver EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 06/28 ) ) (3) (7) (8) (14) Super Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) RPX Corporation Research Consulting Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/20 10/25 (7) (8) (10) Ruffalo Noel Levitz, LLC Media Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 01/19 05/24 (7) (8) (10) Safety Products Holdings, LLC Non-durable Consumer Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (7) (8) (9) Preferred Stock shares) 
 N/A 12/20 N/A (7) 
 F-51 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Scaled Agile, Inc. Research Consulting Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 (7) (8) (10) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/28 ) ) (7) (8) (10) Serta Simmons Bedding LLC Home Furnishings Super Priority First Out LIBOR + , Cash 
 06/20 08/23 (8) (9) Super Priority Second Out LIBOR + , Cash 
 06/20 08/23 (8) (9) SISU ACQUISITIONCO., INC. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (7) (8) (10) Smartling, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 (7) (8) (10) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/27 ) ) (7) (8) (10) Smile Brands Group Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/18 10/25 (7) (8) (10) First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 10/25 ) ) (7) (8) (10) SN BUYER, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 12/26 (7) (8) (9) Springbrook Software (SBRK Intermediate, Inc.) Enterprise Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/19 12/26 (7) (8) (10) SPT Acquico Limited High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 01/21 12/27 (3) (7) (8) (10) SSCP Pegasus Midco Limited Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/20 11/27 (3) (7) (8) (12) Starnmeer B.V. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 04/27 (3) (7) (8) (10) Superjet Buyer, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7) (8) (10) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 ) ) (7) (8) (10) Syniverse Holdings, Inc. Technology Distributors First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 08/18 03/23 (8) (10) Syntax Systems Ltd Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 10/28 (3) (7) (8) (9) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 10/26 (3) (7) (8) (9) TA SL Cayman Aggregator Corp. Technology Subordinated Term Loan PIK 
 07/21 07/28 (7) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 07/21 N/A (7) 
 
 F-52 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Techone B.V. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 11/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) Revolver EURIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 05/28 (3) (7) (8) (14) Tencarva Machinery Company, LLC Capital Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7) (8) (10) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 ) ) (7) (8) (10) The Caprock Group, Inc. (aka TA/TCG Holdings, LLC) Brokerage, Asset Managers Exchanges First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 12/27 (7) (8) (10) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/21 12/27 ) ) (7) (8) (10) Subordinated Term Loan PIK 
 10/21 10/28 (7) The Hilb Group, LLC Insurance Brokerage First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/19 12/26 (7) (8) (10) First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/19 12/26 ) ) (7) (8) (10) Total Safety U.S. Inc. Diversified Support Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/19 08/25 (8) (11) Transit Technologies LLC Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 02/20 02/25 (7) (8) (10) Transportation Insight, LLC Air Freight Logistics First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 08/18 12/24 (7) (8) (9) Trident Maritime Systems, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 02/21 02/27 (7) (8) (10) Truck-Lite Co., LLC Automotive Parts Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/19 12/26 (7) (8) (10) Trystar, LLC Power Distribution Solutions First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 09/18 09/23 (7) (8) (10) Class A LLC Units units) 
 N/A 09/18 N/A (7) Turbo Buyer, Inc. Finance Companies First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/21 12/25 (7) (8) (10) Turf Products, LLC Landscaping Irrigation Equipment Distributor Senior Subordinated Debt Cash 
 12/20 10/23 (7) (25) Turnberry Solutions, Inc. Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 07/21 09/26 (7) (8) (10) U.S. Gas Electric, Inc. Energy Services Second Lien Loan Cash 
 12/20 07/25 (7) (25) Second Lien Loan Cash 
 12/20 07/25 (7) (25) (26) U.S. Silica Company Metal Glass Containers First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 08/18 05/25 (3) (8) (9) 
 F-53 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes UKFast Leaders Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + , Cash 
 09/20 09/27 (3) (7) (8) (16) USLS Acquisition, Inc. (f/k/a US Legal Support, Inc.) Legal Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 11/18 11/24 (7) (8) (10) Utac Ceram Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + , Cash 
 09/20 09/27 (3) (7) (8) (14) First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 02/21 09/27 (3) (7) (8) (10) Validity, Inc. IT Consulting Other Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 07/19 05/25 (7) (8) (9) VistaJet Pass Through Trust 2021-1B Airlines Structured Secured Note - Class B Cash 
 11/21 02/29 Vital Buyer, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 06/21 06/28 (7) (8) (10) Partnership Units units) 
 N/A 06/21 N/A (7) W2O Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 10/20 06/25 (7) (8) (10) Woodland Foods, LLC Food Beverage First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7) (8) (10) Revolver LIBOR + , Cash 
 12/21 12/27 (7) (8) (10) Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 12/21 N/A (7) World 50, Inc. Professional Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 01/20 01/26 (7) (8) (9) First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + , Cash 
 09/20 01/26 (7) (8) (9) Subtotal Non Control / Non Affiliate Investments 
 Affiliate Investments: (4) 
 Eclipse Business Capital, LLC Banking, Finance, Insurance, Real Estate Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan Cash 
 07/21 07/28 (7) Revolver LIBOR + 
 07/21 07/28 (7) (10) LLC Units units) 
 N/A 07/21 N/A (7) Jocassee Partners LLC Investment Funds Vehicles Member Interest 
 N/A 06/19 N/A (3) JSC Tekers Holdings Real Estate Management Preferred Stock shares) 
 N/A 12/20 N/A (3) (7) (25) Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 12/20 N/A (3) (7) (25) 
 F-54 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company (6) 
 Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Security Holdings B.V. Electrical Engineering Bridge Loan PIK 
 12/20 02/27 (3) (7) (25) Senior Subordinated Loan PIK 
 12/20 05/22 (3) (7) (25) Senior Unsecured Term Loan Cash, PIK 
 04/21 04/25 (3) (7) (25) Common Stock shares) 
 N/A 12/20 N/A (3) (7) (25) Thompson Rivers LLC Investment Funds Vehicles Member Interest 
 N/A 06/20 N/A (3) Waccamaw River LLC Investment Funds Vehicles Member Interest 
 N/A 02/21 N/A (3) Subtotal Affiliate Investments (38.8 
 Control Investments: (5) 
 MVC Automotive Group Gmbh Automotive Bridge Loan Cash 
 12/20 06/26 (3) (7) (25) Common Equity Interest shares) 
 N/A 12/20 N/A (3) (7) (25) MVC Private Equity Fund LP Investment Funds Vehicles General Partnership Interest N/A 12/20 N/A (3) (25) Limited Partnership Interest N/A 12/20 N/A (3) (25) Subtotal Control Investments 
 Total Investments, December 31, 2021 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 Credit Support Agreement(a)(b)(d) Description Counterparty Settlement Date(c) Notional Amount Value Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Credit Support Agreement Barings LLC 01/01/31 Total Credit Support Agreement, December 31, 2021 
 (a) The MVC Credit Support Agreement covers all of the investments acquired by the Company from MVC in connection with the MVC Acquisition (as defined in Note 1 Organization, Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and any investments received by the Company in connection with the restructuring, amendment, extension or other modification (including the issuance of new securities) of any of the MVC Reference Portfolio. Each investment that is included in the MVC Reference Portfolio is denoted in the above Schedule of Investments with footnote (25). 
 (b) The Company and Barings entered into a Credit Support Agreement pursuant to which Barings agreed to provide credit support to the Company in the amount of up to million. 
 (c) Settlement Date means the earlier of (1) January 1, 2031 or (2) the date on which the entire MVC Reference Portfolio has been realized or written off. 
 (d) See Note 2 Agreements and Related Party Transactions for additional information regarding the MVC Credit Support Agreement. 

F-55 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts: Description Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Counterparty Settlement Date Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A Bank of America, N.A. 01/06/22 Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A HSBC Bank USA 01/06/22 Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A Citibank N.A. 01/06/22 ) Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A HSBC Bank USA 04/08/22 ) Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A Bank of America, N.A. 04/08/22 ) Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C Bank of America, N.A. 01/06/22 Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C HSBC Bank USA 01/06/22 ) Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C HSBC Bank USA 01/06/22 ) Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C Bank of America, N.A. 04/08/22 ) Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) kr. Bank of America, N.A. 01/06/22 Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) kr. Bank of America, N.A. 01/06/22 Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) kr. Bank of America, N.A. 04/08/22 ) Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) Bank of America, N.A. 01/06/22 Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) HSBC Bank USA 04/08/22 Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) Bank of America, N.A. 01/06/22 Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) HSBC Bank USA 01/06/22 ) Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 ) Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) Bank of America, N.A. 04/08/22 ) Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) HSBC Bank USA 04/08/22 ) Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) BNP Paribas SA 04/08/22 ) Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) Bank of America, N.A. 01/06/22 Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 ) Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) Bank of America, N.A. 04/08/22 ) Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) kr HSBC Bank USA 01/07/22 Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) kr Bank of America, N.A. 01/07/22 Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) kr HSBC Bank USA 04/08/22 Total Foreign Currency Forward Contracts, December 31, 2021 ) 
 _______________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) 
 (2) of the Company s net assets, are subject to legal restrictions on sales. The acquisition date represents the date of the Company s initial investment in the relevant portfolio company. 
 (3) of tot al investments at fair value as of December 31, 2021. Qualifying assets must represent at least 70 of total assets at the time of acquisition of any additional non-qualifying assets. If at any time qualifying assets do not represent at least 70 of the Company s total assets, the Company will be precluded from acquiring any additional non-qualifying asset until such time as it complies with the requirements of Section 55(a). 
 F-56 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 (4) 
 shares) 
 ) ) ) ) Eclipse Business Capital, LLC (e) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan Cash) 
 Revolver (LIBOR + 
 LLC units units) 
 Jocassee Partners LLC Member Interest 
 JSC Tekers Holdings (e) 
 Preferred Stock shares) 
 Common Stock shares) 
 Security Holdings B.V (e) 
 Bridge Loan PIK 5/31/2021) 
 Senior Subordinated Loan PIK) 
 Senior Unsecured Term Loan PIK) 
 ) ) ) Common Equity Interest ) ) Thompson Rivers LLC Member Interest 
 Waccamaw River LLC Member Interest 
 ) ) ) ) Total Affiliate Investments ) ) 
 (a) Eclipse Business Capital, LLC, Thompson Rivers LLC and Waccamaw River LLC equity investments are income producing. All other equity and any equity-linked investments are non-income producing. 
 (b) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new investments and follow-on investments. 
 (c) Gross reductions include decreases in the total cost basis of investments resulting from principal repayments or sales. 
 (d) Represents the total amount of interest, fees or dividends credited to income for the portion of the year an investment was included in the Affiliate category. 
 F-57 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

(5) 
 ) Bridge Loan Cash 12/31/2021) 
 ) MVC Private Equity Fund LP Limited Partnership Interest ) General Partnership Interest ) ) Waccamaw River LLC Member Interest 
 ) ) Total Control Investments ) ) 
 (a) Equity and equity-linked investments are non-income producing, unless otherwise noted. 
 (b) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new investments and follow-on investments. 
 (c) Gross reductions include decreases in the total cost basis of investments resulting from principal repayments or sales. 
 (d) Represents the total amount of interest, fees or dividends credited to income for the portion of the year an investment was included in the Control category. 
 (e) The fair value of the investment was determined using significant unobservable inputs. 
 (6) 
 (7) 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10) 
 (11) 
 (12) 
 (13) 
 (14) 
 (15) 
 (16) 
 (17) 
 (18) 
 (19) 
 (20) 
 (21) 
 (22) 
 (23) 
 (24) 
 (25) 
 (26) million of second lien callable notes due in 2025, in lieu of an escrow to satisfy any indemnification claims associated with MVC s sale of its equity investment in U.S. Gas. Effective January 1, 2018, the cost basis of the U.S. Gas second lien loan was decreased by approximately million due to a working capital adjustment. This loan is still subject to indemnification adjustments. 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-58 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 million in cash, subject to certain adjustments to take into account portfolio activity and other matters occurring since December 31, 2017 (such transaction referred to herein as the Asset Sale Transaction ). 
 Also on April 3, 2018, the Company entered into a stock purchase and transaction agreement (the Externalization Agreement with Barings LLC Barings or the Adviser ), through which Barings agreed to become the investment adviser to the Company in exchange for (1) a payment by Barings of million directly to the Company s stockholders, (2) an investment by Barings of million in newly issued shares of the Company s common stock at net asset value and (3) a commitment from Barings to purchase up to million of shares of the Company s common stock in the open market at prices up to and including the Company s then-current net asset value per share for a period, after which Barings agreed to use any remaining funds from the million to purchase additional newly issued shares of the Company s common stock at the greater of the Company's then-current net asset value per share and market price (collectively, the Externalization Transaction ). The Asset Sale Transaction and the Externalization Transaction are collectively referred to as the Transactions. The Transactions were approved by the Company s stockholders at the Company s July 24, 2018 special meeting of stockholders. 
 The Company s former wholly-owned subsidiaries, Triangle Mezzanine Fund LLLP Triangle SBIC ), Triangle Mezzanine Fund II LP Triangle SBIC II and Triangle Mezzanine Fund III LP Triangle SBIC III were specialty finance limited partnerships that were formed to make investments primarily in lower middle-market companies located throughout the United States. Each of Triangle SBIC, Triangle SBIC II and Triangle SBIC III held licenses to operate as Small Business Investment Companies SBICs under the authority of the United States Small Business Administration SBA ). In connection with the closing of the Asset Sale Transaction, the Company repaid all of its outstanding SBA-guaranteed debentures and surrendered the SBIC licenses held by Triangle SBIC, Triangle SBIC II, and Triangle SBIC III. The Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of million related to the repayment of its outstanding SBA-guaranteed debentures. Triangle SBIC, Triangle SBIC II, and Triangle SBIC III were dissolved during the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 The Externalization Transaction closed on August 2, 2018 (the Externalization Closing ). Effective as of the Externalization Closing, the Company changed its name from Triangle Capital Corporation to Barings BDC, Inc. and on August 3, 2018 began trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol BBDC. 
 In connection with the Externalization Closing, the following events occurred: 
 On August 2, 2018, the Company entered into an investment advisory agreement (the Original Advisory Agreement and an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement with the Adviser pursuant to which the Adviser serves as the Company s investment adviser and administrator and manages its investment portfolio which initially consisted primarily of the cash proceeds received in connection with the Asset Sale Transaction. 
 On August 2, 2018, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock to the Adviser at a price of per share, or an aggregate of million in cash, in a private transaction 
 F-59 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million issuer tender offer (the Tender Offer ). Pursuant to the Tender Offer, on September 11, 2018, the Company purchased shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of per share, for an aggregate cost of approximately million, excluding fees and expenses relating to the Tender Offer. The shares of common stock purchased in the Tender Offer represented approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding shares as of September 6, 2018. 
 On September 24, 2018, the Adviser entered into a Rule 10b5-1 Purchase Plan, (the 10b5-1 Plan ), that qualified for the safe harbors provided by Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan, an independent broker made purchases of shares of the Company s common stock on the open market on behalf of the Adviser in accordance with purchase guidelines specified in the 10b5-1 Plan. The 10b5-1 Plan was established in accordance with the Adviser s obligation under the Externalization Agreement to enter into a trading plan pursuant to which the Adviser committed to purchase million in value of shares in open market transactions through an independent broker. The maximum aggregate purchase price of all shares purchased under the 10b5-1 Plan was million. On February 11, 2019, the Adviser fulfilled its obligations under the 10b5-1 Plan to purchase an aggregate amount of million in shares of the Company s common stock and the 10b5-1 Plan terminated in accordance with its terms. Upon completion of the 10b5-1 Plan, the Adviser had purchased shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan and as of December 31, 2022, owned a total of shares of our common stock, or of the total shares outstanding. 
 Organization 
 The Company is a Maryland corporation incorporated on October 10, 2006. Prior to the Externalization Transaction, the Company was internally managed by its executive officers under the supervision of the Board. During this period, the Company did not pay management or advisory fees, but instead incurred the operating costs associated with employing executive management and investment and portfolio management professionals. On August 2, 2018, the Company entered into the Original Advisory Agreement and became an externally-managed BDC managed by the Adviser. An externally-managed BDC generally does not have any employees, and its investment and management functions are provided by an outside investment adviser and administrator under an investment advisory agreement and administration agreement. Instead of the Company directly compensating employees, the Company pays the Adviser for investment and management services pursuant to the terms of the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement (as defined in Note 2 - Agreements and Related Party Transactions (and, from January 1, 2021 to February 25, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement (as defined in Note 2 - Agreements and Related Party Transactions (and, prior to January 1, 2021, under the terms of the Original Advisory Agreement)) and reimburses Barings, in its role as the Company s administrator, for its provision of administrative services to the Company pursuant to the Administration Agreement. See Note 2 - Agreements and Related Party Transactions for additional information regarding the Company s investment advisory agreement and administration agreement. 
 F-60 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Share Repurchase Program 
 On February 27, 2020, the Board approved an open-market share repurchase program for the 2020 fiscal year (the 2020 Share Repurchase Program ). Under the 2020 Share Repurchase Program, the Company was authorized during fiscal year 2020 to repurchase up to a maximum of of the amount of shares outstanding as of February 27, 2020 if shares traded below NAV per share, subject to liquidity and regulatory constraints. 
 Purchases under the 2020 Share Repurchase Program were made in open-market transactions and included transactions being executed by a broker selected by the Company that had been delegated the authority to repurchase shares on the Company s behalf in the open market in accordance with applicable rules under the Exchange Act, including Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 thereunder, and pursuant to, and under the terms and limitations of, the 2020 Share Repurchase Program. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repurchased a total of shares of its common stock in the open market under the 2020 Share Repurchase Program at an average price of per share, including broker commissions. 
 In connection with the completion of the Company s acquisition of MVC Capital, Inc. MVC ), a Delaware corporation, on December 23, 2020 (the MVC Acquisition ), the Company committed to make open-market purchases of shares of its common stock in an aggregate amount of up to million at then-current market prices at any time shares trade below of the Company s then most recently disclosed NAV per share. Any repurchases pursuant to the authorized program will occur during the 12-month period commencing upon the filing of the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, which occurred on May 6, 2021, and will be made in accordance with applicable legal, contractual and regulatory requirements. The MVC repurchase program terminated on May 6, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased a total of shares of common stock in the open market under the under the authorized program at an average price of per share, including brokerage commissions. 
 In connection with the completion of the Company s acquisition of Sierra Income Corporation Sierra ), a Maryland corporation, on February 25, 2022 (the Sierra Merger ), the Company committed to make open- market purchases of shares of its common stock in an aggregate amount of up to million at then-current market prices at any time shares trade below of the Company s then most recently disclosed NAV per share. Any repurchases pursuant to the authorized program were to occur during the 12-month period commencing on April 1, 2022 and 
 F-61 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million of common stock authorized under the Sierra share repurchase program. In total under the Sierra share repurchase program, the Company repurchased a total of shares of common stock in the open market under the authorized program at an average price of per share, respectively, including broker commissions 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 F-62 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 F-63 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 F-64 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Yield Analysis Market Yield 
 Decrease Market Approach Adjusted EBITDA Multiple x 
 x Increase Market Approach Revenue Multiple x 
 x Increase Discounted Cash Flow Analysis Discount Rate Decrease Recent Transaction Transaction Price 
 Increase Subordinated debt and 2 nd lien notes (2) 
 Yield Analysis Market Yield 
 Decrease Market Approach Adjusted EBITDA Multiple x x 
 x Increase Market Approach Revenue Multiple x 
 x Increase Recent Transaction Transaction Price Increase Structured products (3) 
 Discounted Cash Flow Analysis Discount Rate 
 Decrease Recent Transaction Transaction Price Increase Equity shares (4) 
 Yield Analysis Market Yield 
 Decrease Market Approach Adjusted EBITDA Multiple x x 
 x Increase Market Approach Revenue Multiple x x 
 x Increase Market Approach Adjusted EBITDA/Revenue Multiple Blend x x Increase Net Asset Approach Liabilities ) ) Decrease Expected Recovery Expected Recovery - 
 Increase Recent Transaction Transaction Price 
 Increase Equity warrants Market Approach Adjusted EBITDA Multiple x x 
 x Increase Expected Recovery Expected Recovery Increase 
 (1) Excludes investments with an aggregate fair value amounting to , which the Company valued using unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes where pricing inputs are not readily available. 
 F-65 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 , which the Company valued using unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes where pricing inputs are not readily available. 
 (3) Excludes investments with an aggregate fair value amounting to , which the Company valued using unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes where pricing inputs are not readily available. 
 (4) Excludes investments with an aggregate fair value amounting to , which the Company valued using unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes where pricing inputs are not readily available. 
 December 31, 2021: 
 in thousands) 
 Fair Value Valuation Model Level 3 Input Range of Inputs Weighted Average Impact to Valuation from an Increase in Input Senior debt and 1 st lien notes (1) 
 Yield Analysis Market Yield 
 Decrease Recent Transaction Transaction Price 
 Increase Subordinated debt and 2 nd lien notes (2) 
 Yield Analysis Market Yield 
 Decrease Market Approach Adjusted EBITDA Multiple x x 
 x Increase Recent Transaction Transaction Price 
 Increase Equity shares (3) 
 Market Approach Adjusted EBITDA Multiple x x 
 x Increase Expected Transaction(4) Transaction Price 
 Increase Recent Transaction Transaction Price 
 Increase Equity warrants Market Approach Adjusted EBITDA Multiple x x 
 x Increase 
 (1) Excludes investments with an aggregate fair value amounting to , which the Company valued using unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes where pricing inputs are not readily available. 
 (2) Excludes investments with an aggregate fair value amounting to , which the Company valued using unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes where pricing inputs are not readily available. 
 (3) Excludes investments with an aggregate fair value amounting to , which the Company valued using unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes where pricing inputs are not readily available. 
 (4) Estimated proceeds expected to be received under legally binding asset purchase agreement for sale of real estate held by portfolio company. 
 F-66 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had and portfolio companies, respectively, with investments that were on non-accrual. As of December 31, 2022, the portfolio companies on non-accrual included portfolio companies purchased as part of the Sierra Merger, purchased as part of the MVC Acquisition and portfolio company was originated by Barings. As of December 31, 2021, the portfolio companies on non-accrual were both purchased as part of the MVC Acquisition. 

F-67 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 . 
 Management, valuation and other fees Total Recurring Fee Income Non-Recurring Fee Income: Prepayment fees Acceleration of unamortized loan origination fees Advisory, loan amendment and other fees Total Non-Recurring Fee Income Total Fee Income 
 
 . 
 
 . 
 F-68 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

. 
 and , respectively, of the fair value of the Company s portfolio. Income, consisting of interest, dividends, fees, other investment income and realization of gains or losses, can fluctuate dramatically upon repayment of an investment or sale of an equity interest and in any given year can be highly concentrated among several portfolio companies. 
 The Company places its cash with financial institutions and, at times, cash may exceed insured limits under applicable law. 
 As of December 31, 2022, all of the Company s assets were or will be pledged as collateral for the February 2019 Credit Facility. 
 Investments Denominated in Foreign Currency 
 As of December 31, 2022 the Company held investments that were denominated in Canadian dollars, investment that was denominated in Danish kroner, investments that were denominated in Australian dollars, investments that were denominated in New Zealand dollars, that was denominated in Norwegian krone, that was denominated in Swiss francs, investment that was denominated in Swedish kronas, investments that were denominated in Euros and investments that were denominated in British pounds sterling. As of December 31, 2021, the Company held investment that was denominated in Canadian dollars, investment that was denominated in Danish kroner, investments that were denominated in Australian dollars, investment that was denominated in Swedish kronas, investments that were denominated in Euros and investments that were denominated in British pounds sterling . 
 F-69 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

April 1, 3020 June 10, 2020 June 17, 2020 August 5, 2020 September 9, 2020 September 16, 2020 November 9, 2020 November 25, 2020 December 2, 2020 Total 2020 dividends and distributions February 7, 2021 March 10, 2021 March 17, 2021 May 6, 2021 June 9, 2021 June 16, 2021 August 5, 2021 September 8, 2021 September 15, 2021 November 9, 2021 November 24, 2021 December 1, 2021 Total 2021 dividends and distributions February 1, 2022 February 16, 2022 February 23, 2022 May 5, 2022 June 8, 2022 June 15, 2022 August 9, 2022 September 7, 2022 September 14, 2022 November 10, 2022 December 7, 2022 December 14, 2022 Total 2022 dividends and distributions 
 
 . 
 
 2. 
 
 F-70 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 to of the Company s gross assets, (ii) reset the commencement date for the rolling 12-quarter look-back provision used to calculate the income incentive fee and incentive fee cap to January 1, 2021 from January 1, 2020 and (iii) describe the fact that the Company may enter into guarantees, sureties and other credit support arrangements with respect to one or more of its investments, including the impact of these arrangements on the income incentive fee cap. 
 In connection with the Sierra Merger (as defined in Note 10 Sierra Merger ), on February 25, 2022, the Company entered into a second amended and restated investment advisory agreement (the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, which increased the hurdle rate applicable to the income incentive fee from to per quarter (or from to annualized) and therefore increased the catch-up amount that is used in calculating the income incentive fee to correspond to the increase in the hurdle rate. All other terms and provisions of the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement between the Company and the Adviser, including with respect to the calculation of the other fees payable to the Adviser, remained unchanged under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement. 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 Pursuant to the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement, the Adviser manages the Company s day-to-day operations and provides the Company with investment advisory services. Among other things, the Adviser (i) determines the composition of the portfolio of the Company, the nature and timing of the changes therein and the manner of implementing such changes; (ii) identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments made by the Company; (iii) executes, closes, services and monitors the investments that the Company makes; (iv) determines the securities and other assets that the Company will purchase, retain or sell; (v) performs due diligence on prospective portfolio companies and (vi) provides the Company with such other investment advisory, research and related services as the Company may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of its funds. 
 The New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement provides that, absent fraud, willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, the Adviser, and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser (collectively, the IA Indemnified Parties ), are entitled to indemnification from the Company for any damages, liabilities, costs, demands, charges, claims and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by the IA Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or its security holders) arising out of any actions or omissions or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Adviser s duties or obligations under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of the Company. The Adviser s services under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and the Adviser is generally free to furnish similar services to other entities so long as its performance under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement is not adversely affected. 
 The Adviser has entered into a personnel-sharing arrangement with its affiliate, Baring International Investment Limited BIIL ). BIIL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Baring Asset Management Limited, which in turn is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Adviser. Pursuant to this arrangement, certain employees of BIIL may serve as associated persons of the Adviser and, in this capacity, subject to the oversight and supervision of the Adviser, may provide research and related services, and discretionary investment management and trading services (including acting as portfolio managers) to the Company on behalf of the Adviser. This arrangement is based on no-action letters of the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC that permit SEC-registered investment advisers to rely on and use the resources of advisory affiliates or participating affiliates, subject to the supervision of that SEC-registered investment adviser. BIIL is a participating affiliate of the Adviser, and the BIIL employees are associated persons of the Adviser. 
 F-71 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 . The annual rate of the Base Management Fee was for the period commencing on January 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019. 
 The Base Management Fee was payable quarterly in arrears on a calendar quarter basis. The Base Management Fee was calculated based on the average value of the Company s gross assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters prior to the quarter for which such fees are being calculated. Base Management Fees for any partial month or quarter were appropriately pro-rated. 
 Post-December 31, 2020 Base Management Fee 
 Beginning January 1, 2021, the Base Management Fee is calculated based on the Company s gross assets, including the Company s credit support agreements, assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage and excluding cash and cash equivalents, at an annual rate of . The Base Management Fee is payable quarterly in arrears on a calendar quarter basis. The Base Management Fee will be calculated based on the average value of the Company s gross assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters prior to the quarter for which such fees are being calculated. Base Management Fees for any partial month or quarter will be appropriately pro-rated. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Base Management Fee determined in accordance with the terms of the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement was approximately million. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Base Management Fee determined in accordance with the terms of the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement was approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Base Management Fee of million for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was unpaid and included in Base management fees payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2021, the Base Management Fee of million for the three months ended December 31, 2021 was unpaid and included in Base management fees payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Pre-January 1, 2021 Incentive Fee 
 For the period from August 2, 2018 through December 31, 2020, under the Original Advisory Agreement, the Incentive Fee was comprised of two parts: (1) a portion based on the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income (the Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee and (2) a portion based on the net capital gains received on the Company s portfolio of securities on a cumulative basis for each calendar year, net of all realized capital losses and all unrealized capital depreciation for that same calendar year (the Pre-2021 Capital Gains Fee ). 
 The Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee was calculated as follows: 
 (i) For each quarter from and after August 2, 2018 through December 31, 2019 (the Pre-2020 Period ), the Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee was calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter for which such fees were being calculated. In respect of the Pre-2020 Period, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income meant interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial assistance and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies) accrued during the relevant calendar quarter, minus the Company s operating expenses for such quarter (including the Base Management Fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, any interest expense and any dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income included, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue 
 F-72 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 per quarter annualized). The Company paid the Adviser the Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee with respect to the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 (1) (a) With respect to the Pre-2020 Period, no Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee for any calendar quarter in which the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (i) above) did not exceed the hurdle rate; 
 (b) With respect to the Post-2019 Period, no Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee for any calendar quarter in which the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (ii) above) did not exceed the hurdle rate; 
 (2) (a) With respect to the Pre-2020 Period, of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (i) above) for any calendar quarter with respect to that portion of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for such quarter, if any, that exceeded the hurdle rate but was less than annualized) (the Pre-2020 Catch-Up Amount ). The Pre-2020 Catch-Up Amount was intended to provide the Adviser with an incentive fee of on all of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (i) above) when the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (i) above) reached per quarter annualized); 
 (b) With respect to the Post-2019 Period, of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (ii) above) with respect to that portion of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (ii) above), if any, that exceeded the hurdle rate but was less than annualized) (the Post-2019 Catch-Up Amount ). The Post-2019 Catch-Up Amount was intended to provide the Adviser with an incentive fee of on all of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (ii) above) when the 
 F-73 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 per quarter annualized); 
 (3) (a) With respect to the Pre-2020 Period, of the amount of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (i) above) for any calendar quarter with respect to that portion of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (i) above) for such quarter, if any, that exceeded the Pre-2020 Catch-Up Amount; and 
 (b) With respect to the Post-2019 Period, of the amount of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (ii) above) for any calendar quarter with respect to that portion of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined in paragraph (ii) above), if any, that exceeded the Post-2019 Catch-Up Amount. 
 However, with respect to the Post-2019 Period, the Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee paid to the Adviser would in no event be in excess of the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap. With respect to the Post-2019 Period, the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap for any quarter was an amount equal to (a) of the Cumulative Net Return (as defined below) during the relevant Pre-2021 Trailing Twelve Quarters minus (b) the aggregate Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee that was paid in respect of the first eleven calendar quarters (or the portion thereof) included in the relevant Pre-2021 Trailing Twelve Quarters. 
 Cumulative Net Return meant (x) the aggregate net investment income in respect of the relevant Pre-2021 Trailing Twelve Quarters minus (y) any Net Capital Loss (as defined below), if any, in respect of the relevant Pre-2021 Trailing Twelve Quarters. If, in any quarter, the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap was zero or a negative value, the Company paid no Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee to the Adviser for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter was a positive value but was less than the Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee that was payable to the Adviser for such quarter (before giving effect to the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap) calculated as described above, the Company paid a Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee to the Adviser equal to the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter was equal to or greater than the Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee that was payable to the Adviser for such quarter (before giving effect to the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap) calculated as described above, the Company paid an Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee to the Adviser equal to the Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee calculated as described above for such quarter without regard to the Pre-2021 Incentive Fee Cap. 
 Net Capital Loss in respect of a particular period meant the difference, if positive, between (i) aggregate capital losses, whether realized or unrealized, in such period and (ii) aggregate capital gains, whether realized or unrealized, in such period. 
 The Pre-2021 Capital Gains Fee was determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year, commencing with the calendar year ended on December 31, 2018, and was calculated at the end of each applicable year by subtracting (1) the sum of the Company s cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation from (2) the Company s cumulative aggregate realized capital gains, in each case calculated from August 2, 2018. If such amount was positive at the end of such year, then the Pre-2021 Capital Gains Fee payable for such year was equal to of such amount, less the cumulative aggregate amount of Pre-2021 Capital Gains Fees paid in all prior years. If such amount was negative, then there was no Pre-2021 Capital Gains Fee payable for such year. 
 Post-December 31, 2020 Incentive Fee 
 Following December 31, 2020, the Incentive Fee continues to consist of two components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. Under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement , a portion of the Incentive Fee is based on the Company s income (the Income-Based Fee and a portion is based on the Company s capital gains (the Capital Gains Fee ), each as described below: 
 (i) The Income-Based Fee will be determined and paid quarterly in arrears based on the amount by which (x) the aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below) in respect of the current calendar quarter and the eleven preceding calendar quarters beginning with the calendar quarter that 
 F-74 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 annualized) by the aggregate of the Company s NAV at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. For this purpose, under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including, without limitation, any accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash and any other fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the Company s operating expenses accrued during the calendar quarter (including, without limitation, the Base Management Fee, administration expenses and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Income-Based Fee and the Capital Gains Fee). For the avoidance of doubt, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 The calculation of the Income-Based Fee for each quarter is as follows: 
 (A) No Income-Based Fee will be payable to the Adviser in any calendar quarter in which the Company s aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the Trailing Twelve Quarters does not exceed the Hurdle Amount; 
 (B) of the Company s aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the Trailing Twelve Quarters, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle Amount but is less than or equal to an amount (the Catch-Up Amount determined on a quarterly basis by multiplying annualized) by the Company s NAV at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. The Catch-Up Amount is intended to provide the Adviser with an incentive fee of on all of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income when the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income reaches the Catch-Up Amount for the Trailing Twelve Quarters; and 
 (C) For any quarter in which the Company s aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the Trailing Twelve Quarters exceeds the Catch-Up Amount, the Income-Based Fee shall equal of the amount of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for such Trailing Twelve Quarters, as the Hurdle Amount and Catch-Up Amount will have been achieved. 
 Subject to the Incentive Fee Cap described below, the amount of the Income-Based Fee that will be paid to the Adviser for a particular quarter will equal the excess of the aggregate Income-Based Fee so calculated less the aggregate Income-Based Fees that were paid to the Adviser in the preceding eleven calendar quarters (or portion thereof) comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. 
 (ii) The Income-Based Fee is subject to a cap (the Incentive Fee Cap ). The Incentive Fee Cap in any quarter is an amount equal to (a) of the Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Return (as defined below) during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters less (b) the aggregate Income-Based Fee that were paid to the Adviser in the preceding eleven calendar quarters (or portion thereof) comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. For this purpose, Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Return during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters means (x) Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in respect of the Trailing Twelve Quarters less (y) any Net Capital Loss, if any, in respect of the Trailing Twelve Quarters. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is zero or a negative value, the Company will pay no Income-Based Fee to the Adviser in that quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is a positive value but is less than the Income-Based Fee calculated in accordance with paragraph (i) above, the Company will pay the Adviser the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is equal to or greater than the Income-Based Fee calculated in accordance with paragraph (i) above, the Company will pay the Adviser the Income-Based Fee for such quarter. 
 F-75 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 of such amount, less the cumulative aggregate amount of Capital Gains Fees paid in all prior years commencing with the calendar year ended on December 31, 2018. If such amount is negative, then there is no Capital Gains Fee payable for such year. If this Agreement is terminated as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date will be treated as though it were a calendar year end for purposes of calculating and paying a Capital Gains Fee. 
 Under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement, the cumulative aggregate realized capital gains are calculated as the sum of the differences, if positive, between (a) the net sales price of each investment in the Company s portfolio when sold and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 The cumulative aggregate realized capital losses are calculated as the sum of the differences, if negative, between (a) the net sales price of each investment in the Company s portfolio when sold and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 The aggregate unrealized capital depreciation is calculated as the sum of the differences, if negative, between (a) the valuation of each investment in the Company s portfolio as of the applicable Capital Gains Fee calculation date and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 Under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement, the accreted or amortized cost basis of an investment shall mean the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment as reflected in the Company s financial statements. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Income-Based Fee determined in accordance with the terms of the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement was million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Income-Based Fee determined in accordance with the terms of the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement was million. As of December 31, 2021, the Income-Based Fee of million for the three months ended December 31, 2021 was unpaid and included in Incentive management fees payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company did not pay any Pre-2021 Income-Based Fee for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 The Company did t incur any capital gains fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Payment of Company Expenses 
 Under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement, all investment professionals of the Adviser and its staff, when and to the extent engaged in providing services required to be provided by the Adviser under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, are provided and paid for by the Adviser and not by the Company, except that all costs and expenses relating to the Company s operations and transactions, including, without limitation, those items listed in the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement, will be borne by the Company. 
 F-76 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively, under the terms of the Administration Agreement, which amounts are included in General and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred and was invoiced by the Adviser for expenses of approximately million. As of December 31, 2022, the administrative expenses of million incurred for the three months ended December 31, 2022 were unpaid and included in Administrative fees payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2021, the administrative expenses of million incurred for the three months ended December 31, 2021 were unpaid and included in Administrative fees payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 MVC Credit Support Agreement 
 In connection with the MVC Acquisition on December 23, 2020, promptly following the closing of the Company s merger with MVC, the Company entered into a Credit Support Agreement (the MVC Credit Support 
 F-77 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million relating to the net cumulative realized and unrealized losses on the acquired MVC investment portfolio over a period. A summary of the material terms of the MVC Credit Support Agreement are as follows: 
 The MVC Credit Support Agreement covers all of the investments in the Reference Portfolio. 
 The Adviser has an obligation to provide credit support to the Company in an amount equal to the excess of (1) the aggregate realized and unrealized losses on the Reference Portfolio over (2) the aggregate realized and unrealized gains on the Reference Portfolio, in each case from the date of the closing of the Company s merger with MVC through the Designated Settlement Date (up to a million cap) (such amount, the MVC Covered Losses ). For purposes of the MVC Credit Support Agreement, MVC Designated Settlement Date means the earlier of (1) January 1, 2031 and (2) the date on which the entire MVC Reference Portfolio has been realized or written off. No credit support is required to be made by the Adviser to the Company under the MVC Credit Support Agreement if the aggregate realized and unrealized gains on the MVC Reference Portfolio exceed realized and unrealized losses of the MVC Reference Portfolio on the MVC Designated Settlement Date. 
 The Adviser will settle any credit support obligation under the MVC Credit Support Agreement as follows. If the MVC Covered Losses are greater than 0.00, then, in satisfaction of the Adviser s obligation set forth in the MVC Credit Support Agreement, the Adviser will irrevocably waive during the MVC Waiver Period (as defined below) (1) the incentive fees payable under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement (including any incentive fee calculated on an annual basis during the MVC Waiver Period), and (2) in the event that MVC Covered Losses exceed such incentive fee, the base management fees payable under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement. The MVC Waiver Period means the four quarterly measurement periods immediately following the quarter in which the MVC Designated Settlement Date occurs. If the MVC Covered Losses exceed the aggregate amount of incentive fees and base management fees waived by the Adviser during the MVC Waiver Period, then, on the date on which the last incentive fee or base management fee payment would otherwise be due during the MVC Waiver Period, the Adviser shall make a cash payment to the Company equal to the positive difference between the MVC Covered Losses and the aggregate amount of incentive fees and base management fees previously waived by the Adviser during the MVC Waiver Period. 
 The MVC Credit Support Agreement and the rights of the Company thereunder shall automatically terminate if the Adviser (or an affiliate of the Adviser) ceases to serve as the investment adviser to the Company or any successor thereto, other than as a result of the voluntary termination by the Adviser of its investment advisory agreement with the Company. In the event of such a voluntary termination by the Adviser of the then-current investment advisory agreement with the Company, the Adviser will remain obligated to provide the credit support contemplated by the MVC Credit Support Agreement. In the event of a non-voluntary termination of the advisory agreement or its expiration (due to non-renewal by the Board), the Adviser will have no obligations under the MVC Credit Support Agreement. 
 The MVC Credit Support Agreement is intended to give stockholders of the combined company following the MVC Acquisition downside protection from net cumulative realized and unrealized losses on the acquired MVC portfolio and insulate the combined company s stockholders from potential value volatility and losses in MVC s portfolio following the closing of the MVC Acquisition . There is no fee or other payment by the Company to the Adviser or any of its affiliates in connection with the MVC Credit Support Agreement. Any cash payment from the Adviser to the Company under the MVC Credit Support Agreement will be excluded from the combined company s incentive fee calculations under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement. 
 When the Company and the Adviser entered into the MVC Credit Support Agreement, it was accounted for as a deemed contribution from the Adviser and was included in Additional paid-in capital in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, the MVC Credit Support Agreement is accounted for as a derivative in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , and is included in Credit support agreements in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 F-78 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million relating to the net cumulative realized and unrealized losses on the acquired Sierra investment portfolio over a -year period. A summary of the material terms of the Sierra Credit Support Agreement are as follows: 
 The Sierra Credit Support Agreement covers all of the investments in the Sierra Reference Portfolio. 
 The Adviser has an obligation to provide credit support to the Company in an amount equal to the excess of (1) the aggregate realized and unrealized losses on the Sierra Reference Portfolio less (2) the aggregate realized and unrealized gains on the Sierra Reference Portfolio, in each case from the date of the closing of the Company s merger with Sierra through the Designated Settlement Date (up to a million cap) (such amount, the Covered Losses ). For purposes of the Sierra Credit Support Agreement, Designated Settlement Date means the earlier of (1) April 1, 2032 and (2) the date on which the entire Sierra Reference Portfolio has been realized or written off. No credit support is required to be made by the Adviser to the Company under the Sierra Credit Support Agreement if the aggregate realized and unrealized gains on the Sierra Reference Portfolio exceed realized and unrealized losses of the Sierra Reference Portfolio on the Designated Settlement Date. 
 The Adviser will settle any credit support obligation under the Sierra Credit Support Agreement as follows. If the Covered Losses are greater than 0.00, then, in satisfaction of the Adviser s obligation set forth in the Sierra Credit Support Agreement, the Adviser will irrevocably waive during the Waiver Period (as defined below) (1) the incentive fees payable under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement (including any incentive fee calculated on an annual basis during the Waiver Period), and (2) in the event that Covered Losses exceed such incentive fee, the base management fees payable under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement. The Waiver Period means the four quarterly measurement periods immediately following the quarter in which the Designated Settlement Date occurs. If the Covered Losses exceed the aggregate amount of incentive fees and base management fees waived by the Adviser during the Waiver Period, then, on the date on which the last incentive fee or base management fee payment would otherwise be due during the Waiver Period, the Adviser shall make a cash payment to the Company equal to the positive difference between the Covered Losses and the aggregate amount of incentive fees and base management fees previously waived by the Adviser during the Waiver Period. 
 The Sierra Credit Support Agreement and the rights of the Company thereunder shall automatically terminate if the Adviser (or an affiliate of the Adviser) ceases to serve as the investment adviser to the Company or any successor thereto, other than as a result of the voluntary termination by the Adviser of its investment advisory agreement with the Company. In the event of such a voluntary termination by the Adviser of the then-current investment advisory agreement with the Company, the Adviser will remain obligated to provide the credit support contemplated by the Sierra Credit Support Agreement. In the event of a non-voluntary termination of the advisory agreement or its expiration (due to non-renewal by the Board), the Adviser will have no obligations under the Sierra Credit Support Agreement. 
 The Sierra Credit Support Agreement is intended to give stockholders of the combined company following the Sierra Merger downside protection from net cumulative realized and unrealized losses on the acquired Sierra portfolio and insulate the combined company s stockholders from potential value volatility and losses in Sierra s portfolio following the closing of the Company s merger with Sierra. There is no fee or other payment by the Company to the Adviser or any of its affiliates in connection with the Sierra Credit Support Agreement. Any cash payment from the Adviser to the Company under the Sierra Credit Support Agreement will be excluded from the combined company s incentive fee calculations under the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement. 
 When the Company and the Adviser entered into the Sierra Credit Support Agreement, it was accounted for as a deemed contribution from the Adviser and was included in Additional paid-in capital in the accompanying 
 F-79 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

3. 
 
 Subordinated debt and 2 nd lien notes 
 Structured products Equity shares Equity warrants Investments in joint ventures / PE fund December 31, 2021: 
 Senior debt and 1 st lien notes 
 Subordinated debt and 2 nd lien notes 
 Structured products Equity shares Equity warrants Investments in joint ventures / PE fund 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made new investments totaling million, purchased million of investments as part of the Sierra Merger, made investments in existing portfolio companies totaling million and made additional investments in joint venture equity portfolio companies totaling million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021,the Company made new investments totaling million, made investments in existing portfolio companies totaling million, made a new joint venture equity investment totaling million, made an additional investments existing joint venture equity portfolio companies totaling million and made an million equity co-investment alongside certain affiliates in a portfolio company focused on directly originated, senior-secured asset-based loans to middle-market companies. 
 F-80 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 new investments totaling million, purchased million of investments as part of the MVC Acquisition, made investments in existing portfolio companies totaling million, made a new joint venture equity investment totaling million and made an additional investment in one existing joint venture equity portfolio company totaling million. 
 Industry Composition 
 Automotive Banking, Finance, Insurance and Real Estate Beverage, Food and Tobacco Capital Equipment Chemicals, Plastics, and Rubber Construction and Building Consumer goods: Durable Consumer goods: Non-durable Containers, Packaging and Glass Energy: Electricity Energy: Oil and Gas Environmental Industries Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals High Tech Industries Hotel, Gaming and Leisure Investment Funds and Vehicles Media: Advertising, Printing and Publishing Media: Broadcasting and Subscription Media: Diversified and Production Metals and Mining Services: Business Services: Consumer Structured Products Telecommunications Transportation: Cargo Transportation: Consumer Utilities: Electric Utilities: Oil and Gas Total 
 F-81 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Subordinated debt and 2 nd lien notes 
 Structured products Equity shares Equity warrants Investments subject to leveling Investments in joint ventures / PE fund(1) Fair Value at December 31, 2021 
 in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Senior debt and 1 st lien notes 
 Subordinated debt and 2 nd lien notes 
 Structured products Equity shares Equity warrants Investments subject to leveling Investments in joint ventures / PE fund(2) 
 (1) The Company s investments in Jocassee, Sierra JV, Thompson Rivers, Waccamaw River and the MVC Private Equity Fund LP are measured at fair value using NAV and have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amount presented in this table is intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) The Company s investments in Jocassee, Thompson Rivers, Waccamaw River and the MVC Private Equity Fund LP are measured at fair value using net asset value and have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amount presented in this table is intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 F-82 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 New investments Investments acquired in Sierra merger Transfers into (out of) Level 3, net ) Proceeds from sales of investments ) ) ) ) ) Loan origination fees received ) ) ) Principal repayments received ) ) ) ) Payment-in-kind interest/dividends Accretion of loan premium/discount Accretion of deferred loan origination revenue Realized gain (loss) ) ) ) ) Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) ) ) Fair value, end of period 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021: 
 in thousands) 
 Senior Debt 
 and 1 st Lien 
 Notes 
 Subordinated Debt and 2 nd Lien Notes 
 Equity Shares Equity Warrants Total Fair value, beginning of period New investments Transfers into (out of) Level 3, net ) Proceeds from sales of investments ) ) ) ) ) Loan origination fees received ) ) ) Principal repayments received ) ) ) Payment-in-kind interest Accretion of loan premium/discount Accretion of deferred loan origination revenue Realized gain (loss) ) ) Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) ) ) Fair value, end of period 
 All realized gains and losses and unrealized appreciation and depreciation are included in earnings (changes in net assets) and are reported on separate line items within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. Pre-tax net unrealized depreciation on Level 3 investments of million during the year ended December 31, 2022 was related to portfolio company investments that were still held by the Company as of December 31, 2022. Pre-tax net unrealized depreciation on Level 3 investments of million during the year ended December 31, 2021 was related to portfolio company investments that were still held by the Company as of December 31, 2021. 
 F-83 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million in portfolio companies to which it was not previously contractually committed to provide such financing. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made investments of million in companies to which it was previously committed to provide such financing. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company made investments of approximately million in portfolio companies to which it was not previously contractually committed to provide such financing. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company made investments of million in companies to which it was previously committed to provide such financing. 
 Jocassee Partners LLC 
 On May 8, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with South Carolina Retirement Systems Group Trust SCRS to create and co-manage Jocassee Partners LLC Jocassee ), a joint venture, which invests in a highly diversified asset mix including senior secured, middle-market, private debt investments, syndicated senior secured loans and structured product investments. The Company and SCRS committed to initially provide million and million, respectively, of equity capital to Jocassee. On June 2, 2022, the Company committed an additional million to Jocassee. Equity contributions will be called from each member on a pro-rata basis, based on their equity commitments. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, Jocassee declared million in dividends of which million was recognized as dividend income in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 The total value of Jocassee s investment portfolio was million as of December 31, 2022, as compared to million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, Jocassee s investments had an aggregate cost of million, as compared to million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the weighted average yield on the principal amount of Jocassee s outstanding debt investments was approximately and , respectively. 
 Subordinated debt and 2nd lien notes Equity shares Equity warrants Investment in joint ventures Short-term investments December 31, 2021: 
 Senior debt and 1 st lien notes 
 Subordinated debt and 2nd lien notes Structured products Equity shares Equity warrants Investment in joint ventures Short-term investments 
 F-84 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Automotive Banking, Finance, Insurance and Real Estate Beverage, Food and Tobacco Capital Equipment Chemicals, Plastics, and Rubber Construction and Building Consumer goods: Durable Consumer goods: Non-durable Containers, Packaging and Glass Energy: Electricity Energy: Oil and Gas Environmental Industries Forest Products Paper Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals High Tech Industries Hotel, Gaming and Leisure Investment Funds and Vehicles Media: Advertising, Printing and Publishing Media: Broadcasting and Subscription Media: Diversified and Production Metals and Mining Retail Services: Business Services: Consumer Structured Product Telecommunications Transportation: Cargo Transportation: Consumer Utilities: Electric Utilities: Oil and Gas Wholesale Total 
 F-85 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Austria Belgium Canada Denmark Finland France Germany Hong Kong Ireland Italy Luxembourg Netherlands Panama Singapore Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom USA Total 
 Jocassee s subscription facility with Bank of America N.A., which is non-recourse to the Company, had approximately million and million outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Jocassee s credit facility with Citibank, N.A., which is non-recourse to the Company, had approximately million and million outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Jocassee s term debt securitization, which is non-recourse to the Company, had approximately million and million outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The Company may sell portions of its investments via assignment to Jocassee. Since inception, as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company had sold million and million, respectively, of its investments to Jocassee. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company realized a loss on the sales of its investments to Jocassee of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, in unsettled receivables due from Jocassee that were included in "Receivable from unsettled transactions" in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The sale of the investments met the criteria set forth in ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing for treatment as a sale and satisfies the following conditions: 
 Assigned investments have been isolated from the Company, and put presumptively beyond the reach of the Company and its creditors, even in bankruptcy or other receivership; 
 each participant has the right to pledge or exchange the assigned investments it received, and no condition both constrains the participant from taking advantage of its right to pledge or exchange and provides more than a trivial benefit to the Company; and 
 the Company, its consolidated affiliates or its agents do not maintain effective control over the assigned investments through either: (i) an agreement that entitles and/or obligates the Company to repurchase or 
 F-86 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Total contributed capital by all members Total unfunded commitments by Barings BDC, Inc. Total unfunded commitments by all members 
 Thompson Rivers LLC 
 On April 28, 2020, Thompson Rivers LLC Thompson Rivers was formed as a Delaware limited liability company. On May 13, 2020, the Company entered into a limited liability company agreement governing Thompson Rivers. Under Thompson Rivers current operating agreement, as amended to date, the Company has a capital commitment of million of equity capital to Thompson Rivers, all of which has been funded as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, aggregate commitments to Thompson Rivers by the Company and the other members under the current operating agreement total million, all of which has been funded. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Thompson Rivers declared million and million in dividends, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, was recognized as dividend income in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of the dividends as a return of capital. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Thompson Rivers had million in Ginnie Mae early buyout loans and million in cash. As of December 31, 2021, Thompson Rivers had billion in Ginnie Mae early buyout loans and million in cash. As of December 31, 2022, Thompson Rivers had outstanding loans with an average unpaid balance of million and weighted average coupon of . As of December 31, 2021, Thompson Rivers had outstanding loans with an average unpaid balance of million and weighted average coupon of . 
 F-87 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Veterans Affairs VA loans December 31, 2021: 
 Federal Housing Administration FHA loans Veterans Affairs VA loans 
 Thompson Rivers repurchase agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, which is non-recourse to the Company, had approximately million and million outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Thompson Rivers repurchase agreement with Bank of America N.A., which is non-recourse to the Company, had approximately million and million outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Thompson Rivers repurchase agreement with Barclays Bank, which is non-recourse to the Company, had approximately million and million outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The Company has determined that Thompson Rivers is an investment company under ASC Topic 946, Financial Services - Investment Companies , however, in accordance with such guidance, the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than a substantially wholly owned investment company subsidiary, which is an extension of the operations of the Company, or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. The Company does not consolidate its interest in Thompson Rivers as it is not a substantially wholly owned investment company subsidiary. In addition, the Company does not control Thompson Rivers due to the allocation of voting rights among Thompson Rivers members. 
 Total contributed capital by all members (2) (3) Total unfunded commitments by Barings BDC, Inc. Total unfunded commitments by all members 
 (1) Includes million of dividend re-investments. 
 (2) Includes dividend re-investments of million and million of total contributed capital by related parties. 
 (3) Includes dividend re-investments of million and million of total contributed capital by related parties. 
 F-88 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million of equity capital to Waccamaw River, of which approximately million (including approximately million of recallable return of capital) has been funded as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, aggregate commitments to Waccamaw River by the Company and the other members under the current operating agreement total million, of which million (including million of recallable return of capital) has been funded. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Waccamaw River declared million and million in dividends, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, was recognized as dividend income in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Waccamaw River had million in unsecured consumer loans and million in cash. As of December 31, 2021, Waccamaw River had million in unsecured consumer loans and million in cash. As of December 31, 2022, Waccamaw River had outstanding loans with an average loan size of , remaining average life to maturity of 44.0 months and weighted average interest rate of . As of December 31, 2021, Waccamaw River had outstanding loans with an average loan size of , remaining average life to maturity of 46.5 months and weighted average interest rate of . 
 Waccamaw River s secured loan borrowing with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., which is non-recourse to the Company, had approximately million outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Waccamaw River s secured loan borrowing with Barclays Bank PLC, which is non-recourse to the Company, had approximately million outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company has determined that Waccamaw River is an investment company under ASC, Topic 946, Financial Services - Investment Companies , however, in accordance with such guidance, the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than a substantially wholly owned investment company subsidiary, which is an extension of the operations of the Company, or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. The Company does not consolidate its interest in Waccamaw River as it is not a substantially wholly owned investment company subsidiary. In addition, the Company does not control Waccamaw River due to the allocation of voting rights among Waccamaw River members. 
 Total contributed capital by all members (1) (4) Total return of capital (recallable) by Barings BDC, Inc. ) ) Total return of capital (recallable) by all members (2) ) ) Total unfunded commitments by Barings BDC, Inc. Total unfunded commitments by all members (3) (5) 
 (1) Includes million of total contributed capital by related parties. 
 (2) Includes million of total return of capital (recallable) by related parties. 
 (3) Includes million of unfunded commitments by related parties. 
 (4) Includes million of total contributed capital by related parties. 
 (5) Includes million of unfunded commitments by related parties. 
 F-89 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 members, of whom are selected by the Company and the other are selected by MMALIC. Approval of Sierra JV s board of managers requires the unanimous approval of a quorum of the board of managers, with a quorum consisting of equal representation of members appointed by each of the Company and MMALIC. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Sierra JV had total capital commitments of million with the Company committing million and MMALIC committing million. The Company had fully funded its million commitment and total commitments of million were funded as of December 31, 2022. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, Sierra JV declared million in dividends, of which million was recognized as dividend income in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of the dividends as a return of capital. 
 The Company has determined that Sierra JV is an investment company under ASC, Topic 946, Financial Services - Investment Companies , however, in accordance with such guidance, the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than a substantially wholly owned investment company subsidiary, which is an extension of the operations of the Company, or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. The Company does not consolidate its interest in Sierra JV as it is not a substantially wholly owned investment company subsidiary. In addition, Sierra JV is not an operating company and the Company does not control Sierra JV due to the allocation of voting rights among Sierra JV members. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total cost and value of Sierra JV s investment portfolio was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average yield on the principal amount of Sierra JV s outstanding debt investments was approximately . 
 
 F-90 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Banking, Finance, Insurance and Real Estate Beverage, Food and Tobacco Capital Equipment Chemicals, Plastics, and Rubber Construction and Building Consumer goods: Durable Containers, Packaging and Glass Environmental Industries Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals High Tech Industries Media: Advertising, Printing and Publishing Media: Diversified and Production Retail Services: Business Services: Consumer Transportation: Cargo Transportation: Consumer Total 
 Sierra JV s revolving credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., which is non-recourse to the Company, had 
 million outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 Eclipse Business Capital Holdings LLC 
 On July 8, 2021, the Company made an equity investment in Eclipse Business Capital Holdings LLC Eclipse of million, a second lien senior secured loan of million and unfunded revolver of million, alongside other related party affiliates. On August 12, 2022, the Company increased the unfunded revolver to million. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, million and million, respectively, of the revolver was funded. Eclipse conducts its business through Eclipse Business Capital LLC. Eclipse is one of the country s leading independent asset-based lending ABL platforms that provides financing to middle-market borrowers in the U.S. and Canada. Eclipse provides revolving lines of credit and term loans ranging in size from million that are secured by collateral such as accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, or real estate. Eclipse lends to both privately-owned and publicly-traded companies across a range of industries, including manufacturing, retail, automotive, oil gas, services, distribution, and consumer products. The addition of Eclipse to the portfolio allows the Company to participate in an asset class and commercial finance operations that offer differentiated income returns as compared to directly originated loans. Eclipse is led by a seasoned team of ABL experts . 
 The Company has determined that Eclipse is not an investment company under ASC Topic 946, Financial Services - Investment Companies. Under ASC 810-10-15-12(d), an investment company generally does not consolidate an investee that is not an investment company other than a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the company. Thus, the Company is not required to consolidate Eclipse because it does not provide services to the Company. Instead the Company accounts for its equity investment in Eclipse in accordance with ASC 946-320, presented as a single investment measured at fair value. 
 F-91 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 4. 
 Total Credit Facilities Notes: September 24, 2020 - August 2025 Notes August 4, 2025 September 29, 2020 - August 2025 Notes August 4, 2025 November 5, 2020 - Series B Notes November 4, 2025 November 5, 2020 - Series C Notes November 4, 2027 February 25, 2021 Series D Notes February 26, 2026 February 25, 2021 Series E Notes February 26, 2028 November 23, 2021 - November 2026 Notes November 23, 2026 Less: Deferred financing fees ) ) Total Notes 
 August 2018 Credit Facility 
 On July 3, 2018, the Company formed Barings BDC Senior Funding I, LLC, an indirectly wholly-owned Delaware limited liability company BSF ), the primary purpose of which was to function as the Company s special purpose, bankruptcy-remote, financing subsidiary. On August 3, 2018, BSF entered into the August 2018 Credit Facility (as subsequently amended in December 2018 and in February 2020) with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and Class A-1 Lender, Soci t G n rale, as Class A Lender, and Bank of America Merrill Lynch, as sole lead arranger and sole book manager. BSF and the administrative agent also entered into a security agreement dated as of August 3, 2018 (the Security Agreement pursuant to which BSF s obligations under the August 2018 Credit Facility were secured by a first-priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of BSF, including its portfolio of investments (the Pledged Property ). In connection with the first-priority security interest established under the Security Agreement, all of the Pledged Property was held in the custody of State Street Bank and Trust Company, as collateral administrator. 
 The August 2018 Credit Facility initially provided for borrowings in an aggregate amount up to million, including up to million borrowed under the Class A Loan Commitments and up to million borrowed under the Class A-1 Loan Commitments. Effective February 28, 2019, the Company reduced its Class A Loan Commitments to million, which reduced total commitments under the August 2018 Credit Facility to million. Effective May 9, 2019, the Company further reduced its Class A Loan Commitments under the August 2018 Credit Facility from million to and reduced its Class A-1 Loan Commitments under the August 2018 Credit Facility from million to million, which collectively reduced total commitments under the August 2018 Credit Facility to million. Effective June 18, 2019, the Company further reduced its Class A-1 Loan Commitments, and therefore total commitments, under the August 2018 Credit Facility from million to million. Effective August 14, 2019, the Company further reduced its Class A-1 Loan Commitments, and therefore total commitments, under the August 2018 Credit Facility from million to million. Effective October 29, 2019, the Company further reduced its Class A-1 Loan Commitments, and therefore total commitments, under the August 2018 Credit Facility from million to million. Effective January 21, 2020, the Company further reduced its Class A-1 Loan Commitments, and therefore total commitments, under the August 2018 Credit Facility from million to million. Effective April 23, 2020, the Company further reduced its Class A-1 Loan Commitments, and therefore total commitments, under the August 2018 Credit Facility from million to million. Finally, effective June 26, 2020, the 
 F-92 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million to . In connection with these reductions, the pro rata portion of the unamortized deferred financing costs related to the August 2018 Credit Facility was written off and recognized as a loss on extinguishment of debt in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 On February 21, 2020, the Company extended the maturity date of the August 2018 Credit Facility from August 3, 2020 to August 3, 2021. On June 30, 2020, following the repayment of all borrowings, interest, and fees payable thereunder and at the election of the Company, the August 2018 Credit Facility was terminated, including all commitments and obligations of Bank of America, N.A. to lend or make advances to BSF. In addition, the Security Agreement was terminated and all security interests in the assets of BSF in favor of the lenders were terminated. As a result of these terminations, all obligations of BSF under the August 2018 Credit Facility and Security Agreement were fully discharged. 
 All borrowings under the August 2018 Credit Facility bore interest, subject to BSF s election, on a per annum basis equal to (i) the applicable base rate plus the applicable spread or (ii) the applicable LIBOR rate plus the applicable spread. The applicable base rate was equal to the greater of (i) the federal funds rate plus , (ii) the prime rate or (iii) one-month LIBOR plus . The applicable LIBOR rate depended on the term of the borrowing under the August 2018 Credit Facility, which could be either one month or three months, and could not be less than zero. BSF was required to pay commitment fees on the unused portion of the August 2018 Credit Facility. BSF could prepay any borrowing at any time without premium or penalty, except that BSF could have been liable for certain funding breakage fees if prepayments occurred prior to expiration of the relevant interest period. BSF could also permanently reduce all or a portion of the commitment amount under the August 2018 Credit Facility without penalty. 
 Borrowings under the August 2018 Credit Facility were subject to compliance with a borrowing base, pursuant to which the amount of funds advanced by the lenders to BSF would vary depending upon the types of assets in BSF s portfolio. Assets were required to meet certain criteria to be included in the borrowing base, and the borrowing base was subject to certain portfolio restrictions including investment size, sector concentrations, investment type and credit ratings. 
 Borrowings of BSF were considered borrowings by the Company for purposes of complying with the asset coverage requirements under the 1940 Act applicable to business development companies. The obligations of BSF under the August 2018 Credit Facility were non-recourse to the Company. 
 The August 2018 Credit Facility was terminated at the Company s election on June 30, 2020. 
 February 2019 Credit Facility 
 The Company has entered into the February 2019 Credit Facility with ING Capital LLC ING ), as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. The initial commitments under the February 2019 Credit Facility total million. Effective on November 4, 2021, the Company increased aggregate commitments under the February 2019 Credit Facility to million from million pursuant to the accordion feature under the February 2019 Credit Facility, which allows for an increase in the total commitments to an aggregate of billion subject to certain conditions and the satisfaction of specified financial covenants. Effective February 25, 2022, the Company increased aggregate commitments under the February 2019 Credit Facility to million from million pursuant to the accordion feature under the February 2019 Credit Facility, and the allowance for an increase in the total commitments increased to billion from billion subject to certain conditions and the satisfaction of specified financial covenants. Effective on April 1, 2022, the Company increased aggregate commitments under the February 2019 Credit Facility to billion from million pursuant to the accordion feature under the February 2019 Credit Facility, which allows for an increase in the total commitments to an aggregate of billion subject to certain conditions and the satisfaction of specified financial covenants. The Company can borrow foreign currencies directly under the February 2019 Credit Facility. The February 2019 Credit Facility, which is structured as a revolving credit facility, is secured primarily by a material portion of the Company s assets and guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Company. Following the termination on June 30, 2020 of Barings BDC Senior Funding I, LLC s BSF credit facility entered into in August 2018 with Bank of America, N.A. (the August 2018 Credit Facility ), BSF became a subsidiary guarantor and its assets secure the 
 F-93 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 (or for so long as the Company maintains an investment grade credit rating) or (ii) the term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus (or for so long as the Company maintains an investment grade credit rating) plus a credit spread adjustment of for borrowings with an interest period of one month, for borrowings with an interest period of three months or for borrowings with an interest period of six months. For borrowings denominated in certain foreign currencies other than Australian dollars, the applicable currency rate for the foreign currency as defined in the credit agreement plus (or if the Company no longer maintains an investment grade credit rating) or for borrowings denominated in Australian dollars, the applicable Australian dollars Screen Rate, plus (or if the Company no longer maintains an investment grade credit rating). The alternate base rate is equal to the greatest of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus , (iii) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate plus , (iv) one-month term SOFR plus plus a credit spread adjustment of and (v) . 
 In addition, the Company pays a commitment fee of (i) per annum on undrawn amounts if the unused portion of the February 2019 Credit Facility is greater than two-thirds of total commitments or (ii) per annum on undrawn amounts if the unused portion of the February 2019 Credit Facility is equal to or less than two-thirds of total commitments. In connection with entering into the February 2019 Credit Facility, the Company incurred financing fees of approximately million, which will be amortized over the remaining life of the February 2019 Credit Facility. In connection with the February 2022 and April 2022 amendments and commitments increase, the Company incurred financing fees of approximately million, which will be amortized over the remaining life of the February 2019 Credit Facility. 
 The February 2019 Credit Facility contains certain affirmative and negative covenants, including but not limited to (i) maintaining minimum stockholders equity, (ii) maintaining minimum obligors net worth, (iii) maintaining a minimum asset coverage ratio, (iv) meeting a minimum liquidity test and (v) maintaining the Company s status as a regulated investment company and as a business development company. The February 2019 Credit Facility also contains customary events of default with customary cure and notice provisions, including, without limitation, nonpayment, misrepresentation of representations and warranties in a material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default to other indebtedness, bankruptcy, change of control, and material adverse effect. The February 2019 Credit Facility also permits the administrative agent to select an independent third-party valuation firm to determine valuations of certain portfolio investments for purposes of borrowing base provisions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the February 2019 Credit Facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. dollar borrowings of million outstanding under the February 2019 Credit Facility with an interest rate of (one month SOFR of ), borrowings denominated in Swedish kronas of kr million million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of (one month STIBOR of ), borrowings denominated in British pounds sterling of million million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of (one month SONIA of and borrowings denominated in Euros of million million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of (one month EURIBOR of ). The borrowings denominated in foreign currencies were translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. The impact resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on the February 2019 Credit Facility borrowings is included in Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) - foreign currency transactions in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 F-94 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million outstanding under the February 2019 Credit Facility with an interest rate of (one month LIBOR of ), borrowings denominated in Swedish kronas of kr million million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of (one month STIBOR of ), borrowings denominated in British pounds sterling of million million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of (one month GBP LIBOR of ), borrowings denominated in Australian dollars of A million million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of (one month AUD Screen Rate of and borrowings denominated in Euros of million million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of (one month EURIBOR of ). The borrowings denominated in foreign currencies were translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. The impact resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on the February 2019 Credit Facility borrowings is included in Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) - foreign currency transactions in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total fair value of the borrowings outstanding under the February 2019 Credit Facility was million and million, respectively. The fair values of the borrowings outstanding under the February 2019 Credit Facility are based on a market yield approach and current interest rates, which are Level 3 inputs to the market yield model. 
 Debt Securitization 
 On May 9, 2019, the Company completed a million term debt securitization (the Debt Securitization ). Term debt securitizations are also known as collateralized loan obligations and are a form of secured financing incurred by the Company, which is consolidated by the Company for financial reporting purposes and subject to its overall asset coverage requirement. The notes offered in the Debt Securitization (collectively, the 2019 Notes were issued by Barings BDC Static CLO Ltd. 2019-I BBDC Static CLO Ltd. and Barings BDC Static CLO 2019-I, LLC, wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiaries of the Company (collectively, the Issuers ), and were secured by a diversified portfolio of senior secured loans and participation interests therein. The Debt Securitization was executed through a private placement of approximately million of AAA(sf) Class A-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate 2019 Notes (the Class A-1 2019 Notes ), which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus ; million of AA(sf) Class A-2 Senior Secured Floating Rate 2019 Notes (the Class A-2 2019 Notes ), which bore interest at the three-month LIBOR plus ; and million of Subordinated 2019 Notes which did not bear interest and were not rated. The Company retained all of the Subordinated 2019 Notes issued in the Debt Securitization in exchange for the Company s sale and contribution to BBDC Static CLO Ltd. of the initial closing date portfolio, which included senior secured loans and participation interests therein distributed to the Company by BSF. The 2019 Notes were scheduled to mature on April 15, 2027; however, the 2019 Notes could be redeemed by the Issuers, at the direction of the Company as holder of the Subordinated 2019 Notes, on any business day after May 9, 2020. In connection with the sale and contribution, the Company made customary representations, warranties and covenants to the Issuers. 
 The Class A-1 2019 Notes and Class A-2 2019 Notes were the secured obligations of the Issuers, the Subordinated 2019 Notes were the unsecured obligations of BBDC Static CLO Ltd., and the indenture governing the 2019 Notes included customary covenants and events of default. The 2019 Notes were not registered under the Securities Act or any state securities or blue sky laws and could not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from registration. 
 The Company served as collateral manager to BBDC Static CLO Ltd. under a collateral management agreement and agreed to irrevocably waive all collateral management fees payable pursuant to the collateral management agreement. 
 The Class A-1 2019 Notes and the Class A-2 2019 Notes issued in connection with the Debt Securitization had floating rate interest provisions based on the three-month LIBOR that reset quarterly, except that LIBOR for the first interest accrual period was calculated by reference to an interpolation between the rate for deposits with a term equal to the next shorter period of time for which rates were available and the rate appearing for deposits with a term equal to the next longer period of time for which rates were available. 
 F-95 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million of the Class A-1 2019 Notes were repaid. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the remaining 2019 Notes were repaid in full, with the final repayment on October 15, 2020 . In connection with these repayments, the pro rata portion of the unamortized deferred financing costs related to the 2019 Notes was written off and recognized as a loss on extinguishment of debt in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 August 2025 Notes 
 On August 3, 2020, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the August 2020 NPA with Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company governing the issuance of (1) million in aggregate principal amount of Series A senior unsecured notes due August 2025 (the Series A Notes due 2025 with a fixed interest rate of per year, and (2) up to million in aggregate principal amount of additional senior unsecured notes due August 2025 with a fixed interest rate per year to be determined (the Additional Notes and, collectively with the Series A Notes due 2025, the August 2025 Notes ), in each case, to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. An aggregate principal amount of million of the Series A Notes due 2025 was issued on September 24, 2020 and an aggregate principal amount of million of the Series A Notes due 2025 was issued on September 29, 2020, both of which will mature on August 4, 2025 unless redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by the Company in accordance with their terms. Interest on the August 2025 Notes is due semiannually in March and September, beginning in March 2021. In addition, the Company is obligated to offer to repay the August 2025 Notes at par (plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of prepayment) if certain change in control events occur. Subject to the terms of the August 2020 NPA, the Company may redeem the August 2025 Notes in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option at par plus accrued interest to the prepayment date and, if redeemed on or before November 3, 2024, a make-whole premium. The August 2025 Notes are guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries, and are the Company s general unsecured obligations that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company. 
 The Company s permitted issuance period for the Additional Notes under the August 2020 NPA expired on February 3, 2022, prior to which date the Company issued no Additional Notes. 
 The August 2020 NPA contains certain representations and warranties, and various covenants and reporting requirements customary for senior unsecured notes issued in a private placement, including, without limitation, affirmative and negative covenants such as information reporting, maintenance of the Company s status as a BDC within the meaning of the 1940 Act, certain restrictions with respect to transactions with affiliates, fundamental changes, changes of line of business, permitted liens, investments and restricted payments, minimum shareholders equity, maximum net debt to equity ratio and minimum asset coverage ratio. The August 2020 NPA also contains customary events of default with customary cure and notice periods, including, without limitation, nonpayment, incorrect representation in any material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default under our other indebtedness or that of our subsidiary guarantors, certain judgements and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the holders of at least 66-2/3 in principal amount of the August 2025 Notes at the time outstanding may declare all August 2025 Notes then outstanding to be immediately due and payable. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the August 2020 NPA. 
 The August 2025 Notes were offered in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The August 2025 Notes have not and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, as applicable. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the outstanding August 2025 Notes was million and million, respectively. The fair value determination of the August 2025 Notes was based on a market yield approach and current interest rates, which are Level 3 inputs to the market yield model. 
 November Notes 
 On November 4, 2020, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the November 2020 NPA governing the issuance of (1) million in aggregate principal amount of Series B senior unsecured notes due November 2025 (the Series B Notes with a fixed interest rate of per year and (2) million in 
 F-96 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 per year, in each case, to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. Each stated interest rate is subject to a step up of (x) per year, to the extent the applicable November Notes do not satisfy certain investment grade conditions and/or (y) per year, to the extent the ratio of the Company s secured debt to total assets exceeds specified thresholds, measured as of each fiscal quarter end. The November Notes were delivered and paid for on November 5, 2020. The Series B Notes will mature on November 4, 2025, and the Series C Notes will mature on November 4, 2027 unless redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by the Company in accordance with their terms. Interest on the November Notes is due semiannually in May and November, beginning in May 2021. In addition, the Company is obligated to offer to repay the November Notes at par (plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of prepayment) if certain change in control events occur. Subject to the terms of the November 2020 NPA, the Company may redeem the Series B Notes and the Series C Notes in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option at par plus accrued interest to the prepayment date and, if redeemed on or before May 4, 2025, with respect to the Series B Notes, or on or before May 4, 2027, with respect to the Series C Notes, a make-whole premium . The November Notes are guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries, and are the Company's general unsecured obligations that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company. 
 The November 2020 NPA contains certain representations and warranties, and various covenants and reporting requirements customary for senior unsecured notes issued in a private placement, including, without limitation, affirmative and negative covenants such as information reporting, maintenance of the Company s status as a BDC within the meaning of the 1940 Act, certain restrictions with respect to transactions with affiliates, fundamental changes, changes of line of business, permitted liens, investments and restricted payments, minimum shareholders equity, maximum net debt to equity ratio and minimum asset coverage ratio. The November 2020 NPA also contains customary events of default with customary cure and notice periods, including, without limitation, nonpayment, incorrect representation in any material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default under our other indebtedness or that of our subsidiary guarantors, certain judgements and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the holders of at least 66-2/3 in principal amount of the November Notes at the time outstanding may declare all November Notes then outstanding to be immediately due and payable. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the November 2020 NPA. 
 The November Notes were offered in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The November Notes have not and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, as applicable. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the outstanding Series B Notes was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the outstanding Series C Notes was million and million, respectively. The fair value determinations of the Series B Notes and Series C Notes were based on a market yield approach and current interest rates, which are Level 3 inputs to the market yield model. 
 February Notes 
 On February 25, 2021, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the February 2021 NPA governing the issuance of (1) million in aggregate principal amount of Series D senior unsecured notes due February 26, 2026 (the Series D Notes with a fixed interest rate of per year and (2) million in aggregate principal amount of Series E senior unsecured notes due February 26, 2028 (the Series E Notes and, collectively with the Series D Notes, the February Notes with a fixed interest rate of per year, in each case, to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. Each stated interest rate is subject to a step up of (x) per year, to the extent the applicable February Notes do not satisfy certain investment grade rating conditions and/or (y) per year, to the extent the ratio of the Company s secured debt to total assets exceeds specified thresholds, measured as of each fiscal quarter end. The February Notes were delivered and paid for on February 26, 2021. 
 F-97 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the outstanding Series E Notes was million and million, respectively. The fair value determinations of the Series D Notes and Series E Notes were based on a market yield approach and current interest rates, which are Level 3 inputs to the market yield model. 
 November 2026 Notes 
 On November 23, 2021, the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (the Trustee entered into an Indenture (the Base Indenture and a Supplemental Indenture (the First Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture ). The First Supplemental Indenture relates to the Company s issuance of million aggregate principal amount of its notes due 2026 (the November 2026 Notes ). 
 
 The November 2026 Notes will mature on November 23, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. The November 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually on May 23 and November 23 of each year, commencing on May 23, 2022. The November 2026 Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the November 2026 Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future 
 F-98 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 of the principal amount of such November 2026 Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date. 
 million and million, respectively. The fair value determinations of the November 2026 Notes were based on a market yield approach and current interest rates, which are Level 3 inputs to the market yield model . 
 
 5. 
 million and , respectively, for U.S. federal excise tax. 
 Taxable income generally differs from increase in net assets resulting from operations due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses, and generally excludes net unrealized gains or losses, as unrealized gains or losses are generally not included in taxable income until they are realized. The Company makes certain adjustments to the classification of net assets as a result of permanent book-to-tax differences, which include differences in the book and tax basis of certain assets and liabilities, and nondeductible federal taxes or losses among other items. To the extent these differences are permanent, they are charged or credited to additional paid in capital, or total distributable earnings (loss), as appropriate. 
 
 F-99 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Total distributable earnings (loss) ) ) ) 
 (1) 2022 reclassification is primarily attributable to the Sierra Merger. 
 Tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company s tax returns are evaluated to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than not threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. Management has analyzed the Company s tax positions taken, or to be taken, on federal income tax returns for all open tax years (fiscal years 2019-2021), and has concluded that the provision for uncertain tax positions in the Company s financial statements is appropriate. 
 Tax return of capital Distributions on a tax basis 
 Accumulated capital losses ) ) ) Other permanent differences relating to the Company s formation Other temporary differences Unrealized depreciation ) ) Components of distributable earnings at year end ) ) ) 
 Tax information for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 is estimated and is not considered final until the Company files its tax return. 
 Under current law, the Company may carry forward net capital losses indefinitely to use to offset capital gains realized in future years. As of December 31, 2022, the Company estimates that it will have a capital loss carryforward of approximately million million of short-term capital losses and million of long-term capital losses), none of which will expire. Because of the loss limitation rules of the Code, some of the tax basis losses may be limited in their use. The unused balance will be carried forward and utilized as gains are realized, subject to such limitations. As of December 31, 2021, the Company estimated that it will have a capital loss carryforward of approximately million million of short-term capital losses and million of long-term capital losses), none of which will expire. 
 For federal income tax purposes, the cost of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, net unrealized depreciation on the Company s investments (tax basis) was approximately million, consisting of 
 F-100 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million and gross unrealized depreciation, where the tax cost of the Company s investments exceeds their fair value, of approximately million. As of December 31, 2021, net unrealized appreciation on the Company s investments (tax basis) was approximately million, consisting of gross unrealized appreciation, where the fair value of the Company s investments exceeds their tax cost, of approximately million and gross unrealized depreciation, where the tax cost of the Company s investments exceeds their fair value, of approximately million. 
 In addition, the Company has wholly-owned taxable subsidiaries (the Taxable Subsidiaries ), which hold certain portfolio investments that are listed on the Consolidated Schedules of Investments. The Taxable Subsidiaries are consolidated for financial reporting purposes, such that the Company s consolidated financial statements reflect the Company s investments in the portfolio companies owned by the Taxable Subsidiaries. The purpose of the Taxable Subsidiaries is to permit the Company to hold certain portfolio companies that are organized as LLCs (or other forms of pass-through entities) and still satisfy the RIC tax requirement that at least 90 of the RIC s gross revenue for income tax purposes must consist of qualifying investment income. Absent the Taxable Subsidiaries, a proportionate amount of any gross income of an LLC (or other pass-through entity) portfolio investment would flow through directly to the RIC. To the extent that such income did not consist of qualifying investment income, it could jeopardize the Company s ability to qualify as a RIC and therefore cause the Company to incur significant amounts of federal income taxes. When LLCs (or other pass-through entities) are owned by the Taxable Subsidiaries, their income is taxed to the Taxable Subsidiaries and does not flow through to the RIC, thereby helping the Company preserve its RIC tax treatment and resultant tax advantages. The Taxable Subsidiaries are not consolidated for income tax purposes and may generate income tax expense as a result of their ownership of the portfolio companies. This income tax expense or benefit, if any, is reflected in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. Additionally, any unrealized appreciation related to portfolio investments held by the Taxable Subsidiaries (net of unrealized depreciation related to portfolio investments held by the Taxable Subsidiaries) is reflected net of applicable federal and state income taxes, if any, in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations, with the related deferred tax assets or liabilities, if any, included in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a net deferred tax asset of million pertaining to operating losses and tax basis differences related to certain partnership interests. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Given the losses generated by the entity, the deferred tax assets have been offset by a valuation allowance of million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had a net deferred tax asset of million pertaining to operating losses and tax basis differences related to certain partnership interests. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Given the losses generated by the entity, the deferred tax asset has been offset by a valuation allowance of million. The Company concluded that the remaining deferred tax assets will more likely than not be realized, though this is not assured, and as such no valuation allowance has been provided on these assets. 
 
 6. 
 million relating to the net cumulative realized and unrealized losses on the acquired MVC investment portfolio over a period. See Note 2 - Agreements and Related Party Transactions for additional information regarding the MVC Credit Support Agreement. Net unrealized appreciation or depreciation on the MVC Credit Support Agreement is included in Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) - credit support agreements in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 F-101 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) Total MVC Credit Support Agreement ) 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Description 
 in thousands) 
 Counterparty Settlement Date Notional Amount Value Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) MVC Credit Support Agreement Barings LLC 01/01/31 Total MVC Credit Support Agreement 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the MVC Credit Support Agreement was million and million, respectively, and is included in Credit support agreements in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the MVC Credit Support Agreement was determined based on an income approach, with the primary input being the discount rate which is a Level 3 input. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the MVC Credit Support Agreement was determined based on an simulation analysis, with the primary inputs being the enterprise value, a measure of expected asset volatility, and the expected time until an exit event for each portfolio company in the MVC Reference Portfolio, which are all Level 3 inputs. 
 Income Approach Discount Rate - 
 Decrease 
 December 31, 2021: 
 in thousands) 
 Fair Value Valuation Model Level 3 Input Range of Inputs Weighted Average Impact to Valuation from an Increase in Input MVC Credit Support Agreement Simulation Analysis Enterprise Value - 
 Decrease Asset Volatility - 
 Increase Time Until Exit (years) - 
 Decrease 
 Sierra Credit Support Agreement 
 In connection with the Sierra Merger on February 25, 2022, promptly following the closing of the Company s merger with Sierra, the Company and the Adviser entered into the Sierra Credit Support Agreement, pursuant to which the Adviser has agreed to provide credit support to the Company in the amount of up to million relating to the net cumulative realized and unrealized losses on the acquired Sierra investment portfolio over a period. See Note 2 Agreements and Related Party Transactions for additional information regarding the Sierra Credit Support Agreement. Net unrealized appreciation or depreciation on the Sierra Credit Support 
 F-102 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) Total Sierra Credit Support Agreement ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Sierra Credit Support Agreement was million, and is included in Credit support agreements in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of the Sierra Credit Support Agreement was determined based on a simulation analysis, with the primary inputs being the enterprise value, a measure of expected asset volatility, the expected time until an exit event for each portfolio company in the Sierra Reference Portfolio and the Recovery Rate, which are all Level 3 inputs. 
 Simulation Analysis Enterprise Value - 
 Decrease Asset Volatility - 
 Increase Time Until Exit (years) - 
 Decrease Recovery Rate - 
 Decrease 
 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
 The Company enters into forward currency contracts from time to time to primarily help mitigate the impact that an adverse change in foreign exchange rates would have on net interest income from the Company s investments and related borrowings denominated in foreign currencies. Forward currency contracts are considered undesignated derivative instruments. 
 
 F-103 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 01/09/23 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A 01/09/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A 04/11/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C 01/09/23 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C 01/09/23 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C 01/09/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C 01/09/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C 04/11/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) kr. 01/09/23 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) kr. 01/09/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) kr. 04/11/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 01/09/23 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 01/09/23 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 01/09/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 04/11/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) NZ 01/09/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) NZ 01/09/23 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) NZ 01/09/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) NZ 01/09/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) NZ 04/11/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (NOK) kr 01/09/23 Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (NOK) kr 01/09/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (NOK) kr 04/11/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 01/09/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 01/09/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 01/09/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 04/11/23 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) kr. 01/09/23 Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) kr. 01/09/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) kr. 04/11/23 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) Fr. 01/09/23 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) Fr. 01/09/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) Fr. 01/09/23 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) Fr. 04/11/23 ) Derivative liabilities Total ) 
 F-104 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 01/06/22 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A 01/06/22 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A 01/06/22 ) Derivative liability Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A 04/08/22 ) Derivative liability Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A 04/08/22 ) Derivative liability Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C 01/06/22 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C 01/06/22 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C 01/06/22 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C 04/08/22 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) kr. 01/06/22 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) kr. 01/06/22 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) kr. 04/08/22 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 01/06/22 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 04/08/22 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 01/06/22 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 01/06/22 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 01/06/22 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 04/08/22 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 04/08/22 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 04/08/22 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 01/06/22 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 01/06/22 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 04/08/22 ) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) kr 01/07/22 Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) kr 01/07/22 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) kr 04/08/22 Derivative assets Total ) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total fair value of the Company s foreign currency forward contracts was ) million and ) million, respectively. The fair values of the Company s foreign currency forward contracts are based on unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes, which are Level 2 inputs. 
 ) 
 Net unrealized appreciation or depreciation on forward currency contracts are included in Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) - foreign currency transactions in the Company s Consolidated Statements of 
 F-105 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) ) 
 
 7. 
 
 Acclime Holdings HK Limited(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Accurus Aerospace Corporation(1)(2) Revolver Air Comm Corporation, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Air Comm Corporation, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Amtech LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Amtech LLC(1) Revolver AnalytiChem Holding GmbH(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan AnalytiChem Holding GmbH(1)(2)(3) Bridge Revolver APC1 Holding(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Aquavista Watersides 2 LTD(1)(4) Bridge Revolver Aquavista Watersides 2 LTD(1)(4) Capex / Acquisition Facility Arc Education(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Argus Bidco Limited(1)(4) CAF Term Loan Argus Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) RCF Bridge Term Loan ASC Communications(2) Revolver Astra Bidco Limited(1)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan ATL II MRO Holdings, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver Avance Clinical Bidco Pty Ltd(1)(5) Delayed Draw Term Loan Azalea Buyer, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Azalea Buyer, Inc.(1) Revolver Bariacum S.A.(1)(3) Acquisition Facility Beyond Risk Management, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan Biolam Group(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan BigHand UK Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) Acquisition Facility Black Angus Steakhouses, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Bounteous, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Brightpay Limited(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Brightpay Limited(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan BrightSign LLC(1)(2) Revolver 
 F-106 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 CAi Software, LLC(1)(2) Revolver Canadian Orthodontic Partners Corp.(1)(2)(6) Delayed Draw Term Loan Catawba River Limited(1)(4) Structured Junior Note Centralis Finco S.a.r.l.(1)(3) Incremental CAF Term Loan Ceres Pharma NV(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan CGI Parent, LLC(1) Revolver Classic Collision (Summit Buyer, LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Coastal Marina Holdings, LLC(1) PIK Tranche B Term Loan Coastal Marina Holdings, LLC(1) Tranche A Term Loan Command Alkon (Project Potter Buyer, LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Comply365, LLC(1) Revolver Coyo Uprising GmbH(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Crash Champions, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan CSL Dualcom(1)(4) Capex / Acquisition Term Loan Dart Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan DataServ Integrations, LLC(1)(2) Revolver DecksDirect, LLC(1) Revolver DISA Holdings Corp.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan DISA Holdings Corp.(1)(2) Revolver DreamStart Bidco SAS (d/b/a SmartTrade)(1)(2)(3) Acquisition Facility Dune Group(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Dwyer Instruments, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Eclipse Business Capital, LLC(1) Revolver EMI Porta Holdco LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan EMI Porta Holdco LLC(1)(2) Revolver EPS NASS Parent, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan eShipping, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan eShipping, LLC(1) Revolver Eurofins Digital Testing International LUX Holding SARL(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Eurofins Digital Testing International LUX Holding SARL(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Events Software BidCo Pty Ltd(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan Express Wash Acquisition Company, LLC(1) Revolver F24 (Stairway BidCo GmbH)(1)(2)(3) Acquisition Term Loan Fineline Technologies, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan Footco 40 Limited(1)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan Fortis Payment Systems, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan FragilePak LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan GB Eagle Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver Global Academic Group Limited(1)(7) Term Loan GPZN II GmbH(1)(2)(3) CAF Term Loan Greenhill BV(1)(3) Capex Acquisition Facility 
 F-107 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Gusto Aus BidCo Pty Ltd(1)(2)(5) Delayed Draw Term Loan HeartHealth Bidco Pty Ltd(1)(2)(5) Delayed Draw Term Loan Heartland Veterinary Partners, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan Heavy Construction Systems Specialists, LLC(1) Revolver HEKA Invest(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan HTI Technology Industries(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan HTI Technology Industries(1)(2) Revolver HW Holdco, LLC (Hanley Wood LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan IGL Holdings III Corp.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Innovad Group II BV(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan INOS 19-090 GmbH(1)(3) Acquisition Facility Interstellar Group B.V.(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Interstellar Group B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Isolstar Holding NV (IPCOM)(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan ITI Intermodal, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan ITI Intermodal, Inc.(1) Revolver Jaguar Merger Sub Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Jaguar Merger Sub Inc.(1) Revolver Jocassee Partners LLC Joint Venture Jon Bidco Limited(1)(7) Capex Acquisition Facility Jones Fish Hatcheries Distributors LLC(1) Revolver Kano Laboratories LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Kano Laboratories LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Kemmerer Operations, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan LAF International(1)(2)(3) Acquisition Facility Lambir Bidco Limited(1)(3) Bridge Revolver Lambir Bidco Limited(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Lattice Group Holdings Bidco Limited(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan LeadsOnline, LLC(1) Revolver Lifestyle Intermediate II, LLC(1)(2) Revolver LivTech Purchaser, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan Marmoutier Holding B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Marmoutier Holding B.V.(1)(2)(3) Revolver Marshall Excelsior Co.(1) Revolver MC Group Ventures Corporation(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Mercell Holding AS(1)(8) Capex Acquisition Facility Modern Star Holdings Bidco Pty Limited(1)(2)(5) Term Loan Murphy Midco Limited(1)(2)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan Narda Acquisitionco., Inc.(1)(2) Revolver Navia Benefit Solutions, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Nexus Underwriting Management Limited(1)(4) Revolver Nexus Underwriting Management Limited(1)(2)(4) Acquisition Facility Novotech Aus Bidco Pty Ltd(1)(2) Capex Acquisition Facility 
 F-108 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 OA Buyer, Inc.(1) Revolver OAC Holdings I Corp.(1) Revolver OG III B.V.(1)(2)(3) Acquisition CapEx Facility Omni Intermediate Holdings, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Omni Intermediate Holdings, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan OSP Hamilton Purchaser, LLC(1)(2) Revolver Pacific Health Supplies Bidco Pty Limited(1)(2)(5) CapEx Term Loan PDQ.Com Corporation(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan PDQ.Com Corporation(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Polara Enterprises, L.L.C.(1) Revolver Policy Services Company, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan Premium Invest(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Profit Optics, LLC(1) Revolver Protego Bidco B.V.(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan PSP Intermediate 4, L.L.C.(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan QPE7 SPV1 BidCo Pty Ltd(1)(5) Acquisition Term Loan R1 Holdings, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan R1 Holdings, LLC(1) Revolver RA Outdoors, LLC (1)(2) Revolver Randys Holdings, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan Randys Holdings, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver Rep Seko Merger Sub LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Reward Gateway (UK) Ltd(1)(2)(4) Acquisition Facility Riedel Beheer B.V.(1)(3) Revolver Riedel Beheer B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Royal Buyer, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Royal Buyer, LLC(1) Revolver RTIC Subsidiary Holdings, LLC(1)(2) Revolver Sanoptis S.A.R.L.(1)(3) Acquisition Capex Facility Scaled Agile, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Scaled Agile, Inc.(1) Revolver Scout Bidco B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Scout Bidco B.V.(1)(3) Revolver Security Holdings B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Security Holdings B.V.(1)(3) Revolver Sereni Capital NV(1)(3) Term Loan Smartling, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan Smartling, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver Smile Brands Group, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan Soho Square III Debtco II SARL(1)(2)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan Solo Buyer, L.P.(1)(2) Revolver Sparus Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Sparus Holdings, Inc.)(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan Sparus Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Sparus Holdings, Inc.)(1)(2) Revolver 
 F-109 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Spatial Business Systems LLC(1)(2) Revolver Springbrook Software (SBRK Intermediate, Inc.)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan SSCP Pegasus Midco Limited(1)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan Superjet Buyer, LLC(1) Revolver Syntax Systems Ltd(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan Syntax Systems Ltd(1)(2) Revolver Tank Holding Corp (1)(2) Revolver Tanqueray Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) Capex Facility Techone B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan Techone B.V.(1)(2)(3) Revolver Tencarva Machinery Company, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan Tencarva Machinery Company, LLC(1) Revolver The Caprock Group, Inc. (aka TA/TCG Holdings, LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan The Caprock Group, Inc. (aka TA/TCG Holdings, LLC)(1) Revolver The Cleaver-Brooks Company, Inc.(1) Revolver The Hilb Group, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan Trader Corporation(1)(2)(6) Revolver Transit Technologies LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan Truck-Lite Co., LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan TSYL Corporate Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan TSYL Corporate Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver Turbo Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan Union Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) Acquisition Facility United Therapy Holding III GmbH(1)(2)(3) Acquisition Facility USLS Acquisition, Inc. (f/k/a US Legal Support, Inc.)(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan W2O Holdings, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan Waccamaw River LLC(2) Joint Venture Woodland Foods, Inc.(1)(2) Line of Credit WWEC Holdings III Corp(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan WWEC Holdings III Corp(1)(2) Revolver Xeinadin Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) CAF Term Loan ZB Holdco LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan ZB Holdco LLC(1) Revolver Zeppelin Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) Capex / Acquisition Facility Total unused commitments to extend financing 
 (1) The Adviser s estimate of the fair value of the current investments in these portfolio companies includes an analysis of the fair value of any unfunded commitments. 
 (2) Represents a commitment to extend financing to a portfolio company where one or more of the Company s current investments in the portfolio company are carried at less than cost. 
 (3) Actual commitment amount is denominated in Euros. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 (4) Actual commitment amount is denominated in British pounds sterling.Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 F-110 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

In the normal course of business, the Company guarantees certain obligations in connection with its portfolio companies (in particular, certain controlled portfolio companies). Under these guarantee arrangements, payments may be required to be made to third parties if such guarantees are called upon or if the portfolio companies were to default on their related obligations, as applicable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had guaranteed million million U.S. dollars and million U.S. dollars, respectively) relating to credit facilities among Erste Bank and MVC Automotive Group Gmbh MVC Auto that matures in December 2025. The Company would be required to make payments to Erste Bank if MVC Auto were to default on their related payment obligations. None of the credit facility guarantees are recorded as a liability on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets, as such the credit facility liabilities are considered in the valuation of the investments in MVC Auto. The guarantees denominated in foreign currencies were translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 Neither the Company, the Adviser, nor the Company s subsidiaries are currently subject to any material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to their respective businesses. The Company, the Adviser, and the Company s subsidiaries may from time to time, however, be involved in litigation arising out of operations in the normal course of business or otherwise, including in connection with strategic transactions. Furthermore, third parties may seek to impose liability on the Company in connection with the activities of its portfolio companies. While the outcome of any current legal proceedings cannot at this time be predicted with certainty, the Company does not expect any current matters will materially affect its financial condition or results of operations; however, there can be no assurance whether any pending legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations in any future reporting period. 
 
 F-111 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 8. 
 Net investment income (1) Net realized gain (loss) on investments / foreign currency transactions (1) ) ) ) ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments / CSAs / foreign currency transactions (1) ) Total increase (decrease) from investment operations (1) ) Dividends/distributions paid to stockholders from net investment income ) ) ) ) ) Tax return of capital to stockholders ) ) Total dividends and distributions paid ) ) ) ) ) Common stock offerings ) Sierra Merger (See Note 10) (2) Deemed contribution - CSAs (See Notes 9 and 10 Deemed contribution - Barings LLC Purchase of shares in tender offer Purchases of shares in share repurchase plan Stock-based compensation (1) Loss on extinguishment of debt (1) ) ) ) Benefit from (provision for) taxes (1) ) Other ) Net asset value at end of period Market value at end of period (3) Shares outstanding at end of period Net assets at end of period Average net assets Ratio of total expenses, prior to waiver of base management fee, including loss on extinguishment of debt and benefit from (provision for) taxes, to average net assets (4) Ratio of total expenses, net of base management fee waived, including loss on extinguishment of debt and benefit from (provision for) taxes, to average net assets (4) Ratio of net investment income to average net assets ) Portfolio turnover ratio (5) Total return (6) ) ) 
 (1) Weighted average per share data basic and diluted; per share data was derived by using the weighted average shares outstanding during the applicable period. 
 (2) Includes the impact of share issuance and deemed contribution from Barings LLC associated with the Sierra Merger. 
 (3) Represents the closing price of the Company s common stock on the last day of the period. 
 (4) Does not include expenses of underlying investment companies, including joint ventures and short-term investments. 
 (5) Portfolio turnover ratio as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 excludes the impact of short-term investments. Portfolio turnover ratio as of December 31, 2022 excludes the impact of the Sierra Merger. Portfolio turnover ratio as of December 31, 2020 excludes the impact of the MVC Acquisition. 
 
 F-112 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 9. 
 , and (ii) shares of the Company s common stock, which ratio gave effect to the Euro-dollar exchange rate adjustment mechanism in the MVC Merger Agreement, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares. The Company issued approximately shares of its common stock to MVC s then-existing stockholders in connection with the MVC Merger, thereby resulting in the Company s then-existing stockholders owning approximately of the combined company and MVC's then-existing stockholders owning approximately of the combined company. 
 In connection with the closing of the MVC Merger on December 23, 2020, the Board affirmed the Company s commitment to open-market purchases of shares of its common stock in an aggregate amount of up to million at then-current market prices at any time shares trade below of the Company s then most recently disclosed net asset value per share. Any repurchases pursuant to the authorized program will occur during the 12-month period that commenced upon the filing of the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, which occurred on May 6, 2021, and will be made in accordance with applicable legal, regulatory and contractual requirements, including covenants under the February 2019 Credit Facility. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not repurchase any shares under the authorized program. 
 In connection with the MVC Acquisition, on December 23, 2020, following the closing of the MVC Merger, the Company entered into the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement with Barings, effective January 1, 2021. Promptly following the closing of the MVC Merger, the Company also entered into the MVC Credit Support Agreement with Barings. See Note 2 - Agreements and Related Party Transactions for more information regarding the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement and the MVC Credit Support Agreement. 
 In connection with the closing of the MVC Merger, MVC notified U.S. Bank National Association ("U.S. Bank"), the trustee for MVC Capital's Senior Notes due 2022 (the "MVC Notes"), of the election to redeem the remaining million in aggregate principal amount of the MVC Notes outstanding at a price equal to of the principal amount of the MVC Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to, but excluding, the date of redemption, and the Company caused the discharge of the MVC Notes by entering into a Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture, dated December 23, 2020, with respect to the indenture governing the MVC Notes. The trustee provided notice of such redemption to the holders of the MVC Notes in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the MVC Notes. The redemption was completed on January 22, 2021 and was funded with trust funds deposited with U.S. Bank in trust for such purpose. 
 The MVC Acquisition was accounted for in accordance with the asset acquisition method of accounting as detailed in ASC 805-50, Business Combinations-Related Issues . Under asset acquisition accounting, acquiring assets in groups not only requires ascertaining the cost of the asset (or net assets), but also allocating that cost to the individual assets (or individual assets and liabilities) that make up the group. Per ASC 805-50-30-1, the acquired assets (as a group) are recognized based on their cost to the acquiring entity, which generally includes transaction costs of the asset acquisition, and no gain or loss is recognized unless the fair value of noncash assets given as consideration differs from the assets carrying amounts on the acquiring entity s records. ASC 805-50-30-2 goes on to say asset acquisitions in which the consideration given is cash are measured by the amount of cash paid. 
 F-113 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Cash consideration paid by the Company(1) Deemed contribution from Barings LLC(2) Total purchase price Assets acquired: Investments(3) Cash Other assets(4) Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed(5) ) Net assets acquired 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred million in professional fees and other costs related to the MVC Acquisition. For the year ended December 31, 2020, these costs included million one-time investment banking fees. 
 (2) Non-cash operating activity included in Acquisition of MVC Capital, net of cash acquired on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (3) Investments acquired were recorded at fair value, which is also the Company s initial cost basis 
 (4) Other assets acquired in the MVC Acquisition consisted of the following: 
 Interest receivable Fees receivable Escrow receivable Other assets Total 
 (5) Liabilities assumed in the MVC Acquisition consisted of the following: 
 Notes payable(a) Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total 
 (a) On December 23, 2020, MVC and the Company deposited with the trustee for the MVC Notes funds from cash on hand sufficient to satisfy all obligations remaining to the redemption date for the MVC Notes under the indenture, and the trustee for the MVC Notes entered into a Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture with the Company with respect to the indenture governing the MVC Notes. The redemption was completed on January 22, 2021 with such trust funds. 
 F-114 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 10. 
 per share in cash, without interest, from Barings and (ii) of a validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable share of the Company s common stock. The Company issued approximately shares of its common stock to Sierra s former stockholders in connection with the Sierra Merger, thereby resulting in the Company s then-existing stockholders owning approximately of the combined company and Sierra s former stockholders owning approximately of the combined company. 
 In connection with the completion of the Company s acquisition of Sierra, the Board affirmed the Company s 
 commitment to make open-market purchases of shares of its common stock in an aggregate amount of up to million at then-current market prices at any time shares trade below of the Company s then most recently disclosed NAV per share. Any repurchases pursuant to the authorized program will occur during the 12-month period commencing on April 1, 2022 and are expected to be made in accordance with a Rule 10b5-1 purchase plan that qualifies for the safe harbors provided by Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, as well as subject to compliance with the Company s covenant and regulatory requirements. 
 In connection with the Sierra Merger, on February 25, 2022, the Company entered into the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement with the Adviser. Promptly following the closing of the Sierra Merger, the Company also entered into the Sierra Credit Support Agreement with Barings. See Note 2 - Agreements and Related Party Transactions for more information regarding the New Barings BDC Advisory Agreement and the Sierra Credit Support Agreement. 
 The Sierra Merger was accounted for in accordance with the asset acquisition method of accounting as detailed in ASC 805-50, Business Combinations-Related Issues. Under asset acquisition accounting, acquiring assets in groups not only requires ascertaining the cost of the asset (or net assets), but also allocating that cost to the individual assets (or individual assets and liabilities) that make up the group. Per ASC 805-50-30-1, the acquired assets (as a group) are recognized based on their cost to the acquiring entity, which generally includes transaction costs of the asset acquisition, and no gain or loss is recognized unless the fair value of noncash assets given as consideration differs from the assets carrying amounts on the acquiring entity s records. ASC 805-50-30-2 goes on to say asset acquisitions in which the consideration given is cash are measured by the amount of cash paid. However, if the consideration given is not in the form of cash (that is, in the form of noncash assets, liabilities incurred, or equity interests issued), measurement is based on the cost to the acquiring entity or the fair value of the assets (or net assets) acquired, whichever is more clearly evident and, thus, more reliably measured. 
 The fair value of the merger consideration paid by the Company was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values as of the date of acquisition and did not give rise to goodwill. Since the fair value of the net assets acquired exceeded the fair value of the merger consideration paid by the Company, the Company recognized a deemed contribution from the Adviser. 

F-115 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Cash consideration paid by the Company(1) Deemed contribution from Barings LLC Total purchase price Assets acquired: Investments(2) Cash Other assets(3) Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed(4) ) Net assets acquired 
 (1) The Company incurred million in professional fees and other costs related to the Sierra Merger, including million in investment banking fees. 
 (2) Investments acquired were recorded at fair value, which is also the Company s initial cost basis 
 (3) Other assets acquired in the Sierra Merger consisted of the following: 
 in thousands) Interest and fees receivable Escrow receivable Total 
 (4) Liabilities assumed in the Sierra Merger consisted of the following: 
 in thousands) Accrued merger expenses Current and deferred tax liability Other liabilities Total 
 F-116 

Barings BDC, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 11. 
 Net investment income Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) ) Net investment income per share Quarter Ended in thousands, except per share amounts) March 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 December 31, 2021 Total investment income Net investment income Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Net investment income per share 
 
 12. 
 per share payable on March 15, 2023 to holders of record as of March 8, 2023. 
 
 F-117 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex211listofsubsidiaries202.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 Alpine Funding LLC, a Delware limited liability company 
 Barings BDC Finance I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Barings BDC Senior Funding I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Energy Hardware Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
 MVC Cayman, a Cayman Island limited liability company 
 MVC Financial Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
 SIC Investment Holdings LLC, a limited liability company 
 STRF Investment Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311bbdc-12312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Barings BDC, Inc. 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act, 
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Eric Lloyd, as Chief Executive Officer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Barings BDC, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s ERIC LLOYD Eric Lloyd Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312bbdc-12312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Barings BDC, Inc. 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act, 
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Jonathan Landsberg, as Chief Financial Officer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Barings BDC, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s JONATHAN LANDSBERG Jonathan Landsberg Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex321bbdc-12312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Barings BDC, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eric Lloyd, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s ERIC LLOYD Eric Lloyd Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex322bbdc-12312022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Barings BDC, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jonathan Landsberg, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s JONATHAN LANDSBERG Jonathan Landsberg Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 7
 ex991seniorsecuritiestable.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

Exhibit 99.1 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Supplemental Information 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Barings BDC, Inc. 
 We have audited and reported separately herein on the consolidated financial statements of Barings BDC, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. 
 We have also previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2020 (which is not presented herein), and we expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 The senior securities information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 included in Part II, Item 5 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, under the caption Senior Securities (the Senior Securities Table) has been subjected to audit procedures performed in conjunction with the audit of the Company s respective consolidated financial statements. The Senior Securities Table is the responsibility of the Company s management. Our audit procedures included determining whether the Senior Securities Table reconciles to the respective consolidated financial statements or the underlying accounting and other records, as applicable, and performing procedures to test the completeness and accuracy of the information presented in the Senior Securities Table. In forming our opinion on the Senior Securities Table, we evaluated whether the Senior Securities Table, including its form and content, is presented in conformity with the instructions to Form N-2. In our opinion, the Senior Securities Table is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the respective consolidated financial statements as a whole. 
 s KPMG LLP 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 bbdc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 bbdc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 bbdc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 bbdc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 bbdc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

