<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1520697_0001564590-23-002737.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19670981</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>396785</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2058170</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7536758</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2795639</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6516093</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-23-002737.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228161428
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-23-002737
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		135
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001520697
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-SPECIALTY OUTPATIENT FACILITIES, NEC [8093]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35331
		FILM NUMBER:		23685463

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6100 TOWER CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			FRANKLIN
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		615-861-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6100 TOWER CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			FRANKLIN
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37067

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-23-002737.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 achc-10k_20221231.htm
 10-K

achc-10k_20221231.htm

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 
 (Address, including zip code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol 

Name of exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Emerging growth company 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the shares of common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates was approximately billion, based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market of 67.63 per share. 
 As of February 28, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

ACADIA HEALTHCARE COMPANY, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

14 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

33 

Item 2. Properties 

34 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

35 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

35 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

36 

Item 6. [R eserved] 

36 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

37 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

51 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

51 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

51 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

51 

Item 9B. Other Information 

51 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

51 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

52 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

52 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

53 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

53 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

53 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

54 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

57 

SIGNATURES 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to Acadia, the Company, we, us or our mean Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 Our business strategy is to acquire and develop behavioral healthcare facilities and improve our operating results within our facilities and our other behavioral healthcare operations. We strive to improve the operating results of our facilities by providing high-quality services, expanding referral networks and marketing initiatives while meeting the increased demand for behavioral healthcare services through expansion of our current locations as well as developing new services within existing locations. At December 31, 2022, we operated 250 behavioral healthcare facilities with approximately 11,000 beds in 39 states and Puerto Rico. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we added 560 beds, consisting of 290 added to existing facilities and 270 added through the opening of one wholly-owned facility and two joint venture facilities, and we opened seven comprehensive treatment centers CTCs ). 
 We are the leading publicly traded pure-play provider of behavioral healthcare services in the United States (the U.S. ). Management believes that we are positioned as a leading platform in a highly fragmented industry under the direction of an experienced management team that has significant industry expertise. Management expects to take advantage of several strategies that are more accessible as a result of our increased size and geographic scale, including continuing a national marketing strategy to attract new patients and referral sources, increasing our volume of out-of-state referrals, providing a broader range of services to new and existing patients and clients and selectively pursuing opportunities to expand our facility and bed count in the U.S. through acquisitions, wholly-owned de novo facilities, joint ventures and bed additions in existing facilities. 
 On January 19, 2021, we completed the sale of our operations in the United Kingdom (the U.K. to RemedcoUK Limited, a company organized under the laws of England and Wales and owned by funds managed or advised by Waterland Private Equity Fund VII (the U.K. Sale ). The U.K. Sale allowed us to reduce our indebtedness and focus on our U.S. operations. We report, for all periods presented, results of operations and cash flows of the U.K. operations as discontinued operations in the accompanying financial statements. See U.K. Sale below for additional details about the U.K. Sale. 
 Our common stock is listed for trading on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol ACHC. Our principal executive offices are located at 6100 Tower Circle, Suite 1000, Franklin, Tennessee 37067, and our telephone number is (615) 861-6000. 
 Acquisitions 
 On November 7, 2022, we acquired four CTCs located in Georgia from Brand New Start Treatment Centers Brand New Start ). 
 On December 31, 2021, we acquired the equity of CenterPointe Behavioral Health System, LLC and certain related entities CenterPointe for cash consideration of approximately 140 million. The acquisition was funded through a combination of cash on hand and a 70.0 million draw on the Revolving Facility (as defined below). At the time of the acquisition, CenterPointe operated four acute inpatient hospitals with 306 beds and ten outpatient locations primarily in Missouri. 
 U.K. Sale 
 On January 19, 2021, we completed the U.K. Sale pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement in which we sold all of the securities of AHC-WW Jersey Limited, a private limited liability company incorporated in Jersey and a subsidiary of the Company, which constituted the entirety of our U.K. operations. The U.K. Sale resulted in approximately 1,525 million of gross proceeds before deducting the settlement of existing foreign currency hedging liabilities of 85 million based on the current British Pounds GBP to U.S. Dollars USD exchange rate, cash retained by the buyer and transaction costs. We used the net proceeds of approximately 1,425 million (excluding cash retained by the buyer) along with cash from the balance sheet to reduce debt by 1,640 million during the first quarter of 2021. As a result of the U.K. Sale, w e reported, for all periods presented, results of operations and cash flows of the U.K. operations as discontinued operations in the accompanying financial statements. 
 1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Financing Transactions 
 We entered into a credit agreement establishing a new senior credit facility (the New Credit Facility on March 17, 2021. The New Credit Facility provides for a 600.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility and a 425.0 million senior secured term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility and, together with the Revolving Facility, the Senior Facilities ), each maturing on March 17, 2026 unless extended in accordance with the terms of the New Credit Facility. The Revolving Facility further provides for (i) up to 20.0 million to be utilized for the issuance of letters of credit and (ii) the availability of a swingline facility under which we may borrow up to 20.0 million. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources for additional information about the New Credit Facility and the Prior Credit Facility (as defined below). 
 As a part of the closing of the New Credit Facility on March 17, 2021, we (i) refinanced and terminated our prior credit facilities under an amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of December 31, 2012 (the Prior Credit Facility and (ii) financed the redemption of all of our outstanding 5.625 Senior Notes due 2023 (the 5.625 Senior Notes ). 
 In connection with the redemption of the 5.625 Senior Notes, we satisfied and discharged the indentures governing the 5.625 Senior Notes and recorded debt extinguishment costs of 3.3 million, including the write-off of deferred financing and premiums costs in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 On March 1, 2021, we satisfied and discharged the indentures governing the 6.500 Senior Notes due 2024 6.500 Senior Notes ). In connection with the redemption of the 6.500 Senior Notes, we recorded debt extinguishment costs of 10.5 million, including 6.3 million cash paid for breakage costs and the write-off of deferred financing costs of 4.2 million in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 On January 5, 2021, we made a voluntary payment of 105.0 million on our Term Loan B facility Tranche B-4 of the Prior Credit Facility (the Tranche B-4 Facility . On January 19, 2021, we used a portion of the net proceeds from the U.K. Sale to repay 311.7 million of the Term Loan A facility of the Prior Credit Facility (the TLA Facility and 767.9 million of our Tranche B-4 Facility . 
 On October 14, 2020, we issued 475.0 million of 5.000 Senior Notes due 2029 (the 5.000 Senior Notes ). The 5.000 Senior Notes mature April 15, 2029 and bear interest at a rate of 5.000 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15, commencing on April 15, 2021. We used the net proceeds of the 5.000 Senior Notes to prepay approximately 453.3 million of the outstanding borrowings on our Term Loan B facility Tranche B-3 of the Prior Credit Facility (the Tranche B-3 Facility and used the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes and to pay related fees and expenses in connection with the offering. In connection with the 5.000 Senior Notes, we recorded a debt extinguishment charge of 2.9 million, including the write-off of discount and deferred financing cost in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 On June 24, 2020, we issued 450.0 million of 5.500 Senior Notes due 2028 (the 5.500 Senior Notes ). The 5.500 Senior Notes mature on July 1, 2028 and bear interest at a rate of 5.500 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year, commencing on January 1, 2021. We used the net proceeds of the 5.500 Senior Notes, together with cash on hand, to redeem in full the outstanding 6.125 Senior Notes due 2021 (the 6.125 Senior Notes and the 5.125 Senior Notes due 2022 (the 5.125 Senior Notes and to pay related fees and expenses in connection therewith. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 Management believes the following strengths differentiate us from other providers of behavioral healthcare services: 
 Premier operational management team with track record of success . Our management team has approximately 300 combined years of experience in the healthcare industry. The extensive national experience and operational expertise of our management team give us what management believes to be the premier leadership team in the behavioral healthcare industry. Our management team strives to use its years of experience operating behavioral healthcare facilities to generate strong cash flow and grow a profitable business. 
 Favorable industry and legislative trends. According to a 2021 survey by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services SAMHSA ), 57.8 million adults in the U.S. aged 18 years or older suffered from a mental illness in the prior year and 14.1 million suffered from a serious mental illness. In addition, 29.7 million U.S. adults with mental illness received no mental health services in the past year. Further, approximately 43.7 million people aged 12 or older in 2021 needed substance use treatment in the past year. According to a study by The Journal of American Medical Association Pediatrics, an estimated 7.7 million U.S. children has a treatable mental health disorder. Management believes the market for behavioral services will continue to grow due to increased awareness of mental health and substance abuse conditions and treatment options. 
 2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 While the growing awareness of mental health and substance abuse conditions is expected to accelerate demand for services, recent healthcare reform in the U.S. is expected to increase access to industry services as more people obtain insurance coverage. A key aspect of reform legislation is the extension of mental health parity protections established into law by the Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008 (the MHPAEA ). The MHPAEA requires employers who provide behavioral health and addiction benefits to provide such coverage to the same extent as other medical conditions. On December 13, 2016 , then President Obama signed the 21st Century Cures Act. The 21 st Century Cures Act appropriates substantial resources for the treatment of behavioral health and substance abuse disorders and contains measures intended to strengthen the MHPAEA. On October 21, 2018, the Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act the SUPPORT Act was signed into law. The SUPPORT Act expands Medicare coverage to include Opioid Treatment Programs for services provided on or after January 2, 2020. It also includes Individuals in Medicaid Deserve Care that is Appropriate and Responsible in its Execution Act , which suspends the current prohibition on using federal Medicaid funds to pay for substance use disorder treatment at inpatient treatment facilities with more than 16 beds and limits beneficiaries to no more than 30 days of inpatient treatment per 12 month period. 
 National footprint and scale with regional density and presence across multiple service lines . We are a leading behavioral healthcare platform in an industry that is undergoing consolidation in an effort to reduce costs and expand programs to better serve the growing need for inpatient behavioral healthcare services. Management expects to take advantage of several strategies that are more accessible as a result of our increased size and geographic scale, including continuing a national marketing strategy to attract new patients and referral sources, increasing our volume of out-of-state referrals, providing a broader range of services to new and existing patients and clients and selectively pursuing opportunities to expand our facility and bed count. 
 Diversified revenue and payor bases . At December 31, 2022, we operated 250 facilities in 39 states and Puerto Rico. Our payor, patient and geographic diversity mitigates the potential risk associated with any single facility. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we received 51 of our revenue from continuing operations from Medicaid, 30 from commercial payors, 15 from Medicare and 4 from other payors. As we receive Medicaid payments from 46 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, management does not believe that we are significantly affected by changes in reimbursement policies in any one state or territory. No facility accounted for more than 4 of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, and no state or U.S. territory accounted for more than 14 of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. We believe that our increased geographic diversity will mitigate the impact of any financial or budgetary pressure that may arise in a particular state or market where we operate. 
 Strong financial position to execute our strategy. Management believes we continue to be in a strong position for investments in our facilities, expansion into new and existing markets and enhancement of our capabilities and infrastructure. We generate strong free cash flow by profitably operating our business and by actively managing our working capital. Moreover, as the behavioral healthcare business does not typically require the procurement and replacement of expensive medical equipment, our maintenance capital expenditure requirements are generally less than that of other facility-based healthcare providers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our maintenance capital expenditures amounted to approximately 2 of our revenue. 
 Business Strategy 
 Our strategy is to become the indispensable behavioral health provider for the high-acuity and complex needs patient population. We are committed to providing the communities we serve with high-quality, cost-effective behavioral healthcare services, while growing our business, increasing profitability and creating long-term value for our stockholders. This strategy includes five growth pathways: expansions of existing facilities, joint venture partnerships, de novo facilities, acquisitions and expansion across our continuum of care. Our core strategic priorities include: 
 Drive organic growth of existing facilities. We seek to increase revenue at our facilities by providing a broader range of services to new and existing patients and clients. In addition, management intends to increase bed counts in our existing facilities. We added 290 beds to existing facilities during the year ended December 31, 2022, and expect to add approximately 300 beds to existing facilities for the year ending December 31, 2023. Furthermore, management believes that opportunities exist to leverage out-of-state referrals to increase volume and minimize payor concentration, especially with respect to our youth and adolescent focused services and our substance abuse services. 
 Management believes we can improve efficiencies and increase operating margins by utilizing our management s expertise and experience within existing programs and their expertise in improving performance at underperforming facilities. Management believes the efficiencies can be realized by investing in growth in strong markets, addressing capital-constrained facilities that have underperformed and improving management systems. 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Fuel facility growth through accelerated joint venture partnerships and de novo builds and purs u ing programmatic mergers and acquisitions. We have positioned the C ompany as a leading provider of mental health services in the U.S . The behavioral healthcare industry in the U.S. is highly fragmented, and we selectively seek opportunities to expand and diversify our base of operations by acquiring additional facilities and entering into partnerships with healthcare providers to acquire and develop additional facilities. W e have a number of potential joint ventures and acquisitions in various stages of development and consideration in the U.S. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we added 270 beds through the opening of one wholly-owned facility and two joint venture facilities, and we opened seven CTCs. For the year ending December 31, 2023, we expect to open two wholly-owned facilities, two joint venture facilities and at least six CTCs. 
 Management believes our focus on behavioral healthcare and history of completing acquisitions provides us with a strategic advantage in sourcing, evaluating and closing acquisitions. We leverage our management team s expertise to identify and integrate acquisitions based on a disciplined acquisition strategy that focuses on quality of service, return on investment and strategic benefits. We also have a comprehensive post-acquisition strategic plan to facilitate the integration of acquired facilities that includes improving facility operations, retaining and recruiting psychiatrists and other healthcare professionals and expanding the breadth of services offered by the facilities. 
 Accelerate expansion across the care continuum, particularly for patients with opioid use and other substance use disorders. Our growth strategy includes a patient-centric approach covering the full continuum of care, with deep expertise in treating high needs patients. We focus on the most complex patients and are also working to reach underserved patient populations by expanding our breadth of services and increasing access points within new and existing metropolitan statistical areas. 
 COVID-19 Impact 
 During March 2020, the global pandemic of the novel coronavirus known as COVID-19 COVID-19 began to affect our facilities, employees, patients, communities, business operations and financial performance, as well as the broader U.S. and U.K. economies and financial markets. At many of our facilities, employees and/or patients have tested positive for COVID-19. We are committed to protecting the health of our communities and have been responding to the evolving COVID-19 situation while taking steps to provide quality care and protect the health and safety of our patients and employees. Over the last three years, all of our facilities have closely followed infectious disease protocols, as well as recommendations by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC and local health officials. 
 U.S. Operations 
 Our facilities and services can generally be classified into the following categories: acute inpatient psychiatric facilities specialty treatment facilities CTCs and residential treatment centers. Outpatient programs associated with our facilities are included within each respective service line. The table below presents the percentage of our total U.S. revenue attributed to each category for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Facility/Service 

Revenue for the 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Acute inpatient psychiatric facilities 

51 

Specialty treatment facilities 

22 

Comprehensive treatment centers 

16 

Residential treatment centers 

11 

We receive payments from the following sources for services rendered in our facilities: (i) state governments under their respective Medicaid and other programs (ii) commercial insurers (iii) the federal government under the Medicare program administered by CMS and (iv) individual patients and clients. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we received 51 of our revenue from Medicaid, 30 from commercial payors, 15 from Medicare and 4 from other payors. 
 At December 31, 2022, our facilities included 250 behavioral healthcare facilities with approximately 11,000 beds in 39 states and Puerto Rico. Of our facilities, excluding CTCs, approximately 53 are acute inpatient psychiatric facilities, approximately 37 are specialty treatment facilities and approximately 10 are residential treatment centers at December 31, 2022. Of the 250 behavioral healthcare facilities, 151 are CTCs. Of the CTCs, 16 are owned properties and 135 are leased properties. Of the facilities that are not CTCs, 91 of our beds are at owned properties and 9 are at leased properties. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our continuing operations generated revenue of 2,610.4 million and 2,314.4 million, respectively. 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 

Acute Inpatient Psychiatric Facilities 
 Acute inpatient psychiatric facilities provide a high level of care in order to stabilize patients that are either a threat to themselves or to others. The acute setting provides 24-hour observation, daily intervention and monitoring by psychiatrists. Generally, due to shorter lengths of stay, the related higher patient turnover, and the special security and health precautions required, acute inpatient psychiatric facilities have lower average occupancy than residential treatment centers. Our facilities that offer acute care services provide evaluation and crisis stabilization of patients with severe psychiatric diagnoses through a medical delivery model that incorporates structured and intensive medical and behavioral therapies with 24-hour monitoring by a psychiatrist, psychiatric trained nurses, therapists and other direct care staff. Lengths of stay for crisis stabilization and acute care range from three to five days and from five to twelve days, respectively. 
 Specialty Treatment Facilities 
 Our specialty treatment facilities include residential recovery facilities and eating disorder facilities. We provide a comprehensive continuum of care for adults with addictive disorders and co-occurring mental disorders. Our detoxification, inpatient, partial hospitalization and outpatient treatment programs are cost-effective and give patients access to the least restrictive level of care. All programs offer individualized treatment in a supportive and nurturing environment. 
 The majority of our specialty treatment services are provided to patients who abuse addictive substances such as alcohol, illicit drugs or opiates, including prescription drugs. Some of our facilities also treat other addictions and behavioral disorders such as chronic pain, sexual compulsivity, compulsive gambling, mood disorders, emotional trauma and abuse. The goal of our treatment facilities is to provide the appropriate level of treatment to an individual no matter where they are in the lifecycle of their disease in order to restore the individual to a healthier, more productive life, free from dependence on illicit substances and destructive behaviors. Our treatment facilities provide a number of different treatment services such as assessment, detoxification, medication-assisted treatment, counseling, education, lectures and group therapy. We assess and evaluate the medical, psychological and emotional needs of the patient and address these needs in the treatment process. Following this assessment, an individualized treatment program is designed to provide a foundation for a lifelong recovery process. Many modalities are used in our treatment programs to support the individual, including the twelve step philosophy, cognitive/behavioral therapies, supportive therapies and continuing care. 
 Residential Recovery Facilities. Our inpatient facilities house and care for patients over an extended period and typically treat patients from a broadly defined regional market. We provide three basic levels of residential treatment depending on the severity of the patient s addiction and/or behavioral disorder. Patients with the most severe dependencies are typically placed into inpatient treatment, in which the patient resides at a treatment facility. If a patient s condition is less severe, he or she will be offered day treatment, which allows the patient to return home in the evening. The least intensive service is where the patient visits the facility for just a few hours a week to attend counseling/group sessions. 
 Following primary treatment, our extended care programs typically offer residential care, which allows patients to develop healthy and appropriate living skills while remaining in a safe and nurturing setting. Patients are supported in their recovery by a semi-structured living environment that allows them to begin the process of employment or to pursue educational goals and to take personal responsibility for their recovery. The structure of this treatment phase is monitored by a primary therapist who works with each patient to integrate recovery skills and build a foundation of sobriety with a strong support system. Length of stay will vary depending on the patient s needs with a minimum stay of 30 days and could be multiple months if needed. 
 Our outpatient clinics serve patients that do not require inpatient treatment or are transitioning from a residential treatment program have employment, family or school commitments and have stabilized in their substance addiction recovery practices and are seeking ongoing continuing care. 
 Eating Disorder Facilities. Our eating disorder facilities provide treatment services for eating disorders and weight management, each of which may be effectively treated through a combination of medical, psychological and social treatment programs. 
 Our behavioral therapies are delivered in an array of treatment models that may include individual and group therapy, intensive outpatient, outpatient, partial hospitalization/day treatment, road to recovery and other programs that can be either abstinent or medication-assisted based. 
 Comprehensive Treatment Centers 
 Our CTCs specialize in providing medication-assisted treatment in an outpatient setting. Medication-assisted treatment combines behavioral therapy and medication to treat substance use disorders. CTCs utilize medication-assisted treatment to 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 individuals addicted to opiates such as opioid analgesics (prescription pain medications). Medication is used to normalize brain chemistry to block the euphoric effects of alcohol and opioids allowing our professional staff to provide behavioral therapy. Patients begin their treatment attending the clinic almost daily. Then, through successfully progressing in treatment, patients attend less frequently depending on individual treatment plans. The length of treatment differs from patient to patient, but typically lasts longer than one year . 
 Each of our CTCs provide a range of comprehensive substance abuse treatment support services that include medical, counseling, vocational, educational, and other treatment services. 
 Residential Treatment Centers 
 Residential treatment centers treat patients with behavioral disorders in a non-hospital setting, including outdoor programs. The facilities balance therapy activities with social, academic and other activities. Because the setting is less intensive, demands on staffing, security and oversight are generally lower than inpatient psychiatric facilities. In contrast to acute care psychiatric facilities, occupancy in residential treatment centers can be managed more easily given a longer length of stay. Over time, however, residential treatment centers have continued to serve increasingly severe patients who would have been treated in acute care facilities in earlier years. 
 We provide residential treatment care through a medical model residential treatment facility, which offers intensive, medically-driven interventions and individualized treatment regimens designed to deal with moderate to high level patient acuity. Children and adolescents admitted to these facilities typically have had multiple prior failed treatment plans, severe physical, sexual and emotional abuse, termination of parental custody, substance abuse, marked deficiencies in social, interpersonal and academic skills and a wide range of psychiatric disorders. Treatment typically is provided by an interdisciplinary team coordinating psychopharmacological, individual, group and family therapy, along with specialized accredited educational programs in both secure and unlocked environments. Lengths of stay range from three months to several years. 
 Certain of our residential treatment centers provide group home, therapeutic group home and therapeutic foster care programs. Our group home programs provide family-style living for youths in a single house or apartment within residential communities where supervision and support are provided by 24-hour staff. The goal of a group home program is to teach family living and social skills through individual and group counseling sessions within a real life environment. The residents are encouraged to take responsibility for the home and their health as well as actively take part in community functions. Most attend an accredited and licensed on-premises school or a local public school. We also operate therapeutic group homes that provide comprehensive treatment services for seriously, emotionally disturbed adolescents. The ultimate goal is to reunite or place these children with their families or prepare them, when appropriate, for permanent placement with a relative or an adoptive family. We also manage therapeutic foster care programs, which are considered the least restrictive form of therapeutic placement for children and adolescents with emotional disorders. Children and adolescents in our therapeutic foster care programs often are part of the child welfare or juvenile justice system. Care is delivered in private homes with experienced foster parents who are trained to work with children and adolescents with special needs. 
 U.K. Operations 
 Prior to the U.K. Sale, we were the leading independent provider of mental health services in the U.K. operating 345 inpatient behavioral health facilities with approximately 8,200 beds at December 31, 2020. Our U.K. facilities were located in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, our U.K. operations generated revenue of 62.5 million and 1,119.8 million, respectively, primarily through the operation and management of inpatient behavioral health facilities. 
 Additional information about our U.K. operations and the U.K. s behavioral healthcare industry can be found in our prior filings with the SEC. 
 Sources of Revenue 
 As of December 31, 2022, we received payments from the following sources for services rendered in our facilities: (i) state governments under their respective Medicaid and other programs (ii) commercial insurers (iii) the federal government under the Medicare program administered by CMS and (iv) individual patients and clients. We determine the transaction price based on established billing rates reduced by contractual adjustments provided to third-party payors, discounts provided to uninsured patients and implicit price concessions. Contractual adjustments and discounts are based on contractual agreements, discount policies and historical experience. Implicit price concessions are based on historical collection experience. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies Revenue and Accounts Receivable 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 for additional disclosure. Other information related to our revenue, income and other operating information is provided in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Regulation 
 The healthcare industry is subject to numerous laws, regulations and rules including, among others, those related to government healthcare program participation requirements, various licensure and accreditation standards, reimbursement for patient services, health information privacy and security rules, and government healthcare program fraud and abuse provisions. Providers that are found to have violated any of these laws and regulations may be excluded from participating in government healthcare programs, subjected to loss or limitation of licenses to operate, subjected to significant fines or penalties and/or required to repay amounts received from the government for previously billed patient services. 
 Licensing, Certification and Accreditation 
 All of our facilities must comply with various federal, state and local licensing and certification regulations and undergo periodic inspection by licensing agencies to certify compliance with such regulations. The initial and continued licensure of our facilities and certification to participate in government healthcare programs depends upon many factors including various state licensure regulations relating to quality of care, environment of care, equipment, services, staff training, personnel and the existence of adequate policies, procedures and controls. Federal, state and local agencies survey our facilities on a regular basis to determine whether the facilities are in compliance with regulatory operating and health standards and conditions for participating in government healthcare programs. 
 Most of our inpatient and residential facilities maintain accreditation from private entities, such as The Joint Commission or the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities CARF ). The Joint Commission and CARF are private organizations that have accreditation programs for a broad spectrum of healthcare facilities. The Joint Commission accredits a broad variety of healthcare organizations, including hospitals and behavioral health organizations. CARF accredits behavioral health organizations providing mental health and alcohol and drug use and addiction services, as well as opiate treatment programs, and many other types of healthcare programs. These accreditation programs are intended generally to improve the quality, safety, outcomes and value of healthcare services provided by accredited facilities. Certain federal and state licensing agencies as well as many government and private healthcare payment programs require that providers be accredited as a condition of licensure, certification or participation. Accreditation is typically granted for a specified period, ranging from one to three years, and renewals of accreditation generally require completion of a renewal application and an on-site renewal survey. 
 Certificates of Need 
 Many of the states in which we operate facilities have enacted certificate of need CON laws that regulate the construction or expansion of certain healthcare facilities, certain capital expenditures or changes in services or bed capacity. Failure to obtain CON approval of certain activities can result in: our inability to complete an acquisition, expansion or replacement the imposition of civil penalties the inability to receive Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement or the revocation of a facility s license, any of which could harm our business. 
 Audits 
 Our healthcare facilities are also subject to federal, state and commercial payor audits to validate the accuracy of claims submitted to government healthcare programs and commercial payors. If these audits identify overpayments, we could be required to make substantial repayments, subject to various appeal rights. Our facilities are routinely subjected to claims audits in the ordinary course of business. While no such audit has identified any material overpayment liability, should a potential material overpayment liability arise from a future audit, such overpayment liability may ultimately exceed established reserves, and any excess could potentially be substantial. Further, Medicare and Medicaid regulations, as well as commercial payor contracts, also provide for withholding or suspending payments in certain circumstances, which could adversely affect our cash flow. 
 The Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark Law and the Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act 
 The Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits healthcare providers and others from directly or indirectly soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration, in cash or in kind, as an inducement or reward for using, referring, ordering, recommending or arranging for referrals or orders of services or other items paid for by a government healthcare program. The Anti-Kickback Statute may be found to have been violated if at least one purpose of the remuneration is to induce or reward referrals. A provider is not required to have actual knowledge or specific intent to commit a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute to be found guilty of violating the law. 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services (the OIG has issued safe harbor regulations that protect certain types of common arrangements from prosecution or sanction under the Anti-Kickback Statute. The fact that conduct or a business arrangement does not fall within a safe harbor does not automatically render the conduct or business arrangement illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. However, conduct and business arrangements falling outside the safe harbors may lead to increased scrutiny by government enforcement authorities. In December of 2020, the OIG finalized revisions to the Anti-Kickback Statu t e safe harbors and created new s afe h arbors for value-based care that became effective January 19, 2021. The new regulations are intended to improve patient care and foster innovative care models by easing regulatory burdens to coordinated and value-based care. 
 Although management believes that our arrangements with physicians and other referral sources comply with current law and available interpretative guidance, as a practical matter it is not always possible to structure our arrangements so as to fall squarely within an available safe harbor. Where that is the case, we cannot guarantee that applicable regulatory authorities will determine these financial arrangements do not violate the Anti-Kickback Statute or other applicable laws, including state anti-kickback laws. 
 In addition to the Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal Physician Self-Referral Law, also known as the Stark Law, prohibits physicians from referring Medicare patients to healthcare entities with which they or any of their immediate family members have a financial relationship for the furnishing of any designated health services unless certain exceptions apply. A violation of the Stark Law may result in a denial of payment required refunds to the Medicare program imposition of statutory civil monetary penalties of up to 15,000 for each prohibited claim and up to 100,000 for circumvention schemes exclusion from government healthcare programs and liability under the False Claims Act. There are ownership and compensation arrangement exceptions for many customary financial arrangements between physicians and facilities, including the employment exception, personal services exception, lease exception and certain recruitment exceptions. As part of CMS s regulatory sprint to coordinated care , CMS finalized revisions to the exceptions and created new exceptions for value-based care that became effective on January 19, 2021. As with the changes made to the Anti-Kickback Statute, the new Stark exceptions are intended to improve patient care and foster innovative care models by easing regulatory burdens to coordinated and value-based care. 
 Management believes that our financial arrangements with physicians are structured to comply with the regulatory exceptions to the Stark Law. However, the Stark Law is a strict liability statute, meaning that no intent is required to violate the law, and even a technical violation may lead to significant penalties. 
 These laws and regulations are extremely complex and, in many cases, we do not have the benefit of regulatory or judicial interpretation. It is possible that different interpretations or enforcement of these laws and regulations could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our arrangements relating to facilities, equipment, personnel, services, capital expenditure programs and operating expenses. A determination that we have violated one or more of these laws, or the public announcement that we are being investigated for possible violations of one or more of these laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we cannot predict whether other federal or state legislation or regulations will be adopted, what form such legislation or regulations may take or what their impact on us may be. 
 The SUPPORT Act contains a number of provisions aimed at identifying at-risk individuals, increasing access to opioid abuse treatment, reducing overprescribing and promoting data sharing with the primary goal of reducing the use and abuse of opioids. Additionally, the SUPPORT Act attempts to address the problem of patient brokering in the context of addiction treatment facilities and sober living homes. 
 One section of the SUPPORT Act, the Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act (the EKRA ), makes it a federal crime to knowingly and willfully: (1) solicit or receive any remuneration in return for referring a patient to a recovery home, clinical treatment facility or laboratory or (2) pay or offer any remuneration to induce such a referral or in exchange for an individual using the services of a recovery home, clinical treatment facility, or laboratory. Each conviction under the EKRA is punishable by up to 200,000 in monetary damages, imprisonment for up to ten (10) years, or both. Unlike the Anti-Kickback Statutes, the EKRA is not limited to services reimbursable under a government healthcare program. The EKRA also contains exceptions similar to the Anti-Kickback Statute safe harbors, but those exceptions are more narrow than the Anti-Kickback Statute safe harbors such that practices that would be permissible under the Anti-Kickback Statute may violate the EKRA. 
 If we are deemed to have failed to comply with the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark Law, the EKRA or other applicable laws and regulations, we could be subjected to liabilities, including criminal penalties, civil penalties and exclusion of one or more facilities from participation in the government healthcare programs. The imposition of such penalties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Federal False Claims Act and Other Fraud and Abuse Provisions 
 The federal False Claims Act provides the government a tool to pursue healthcare providers for submitting false claims or requests for payment for healthcare items or services. Under the False Claims Act, the government may fine any person or entity that, among other things, knowingly submits, or causes the submission of, false or fraudulent claims for payment to the federal government or knowingly and improperly avoids or decreases an obligation to pay money to the federal government. The federal government has widely used the False Claims Act to prosecute Medicare and other federal healthcare program fraud such as coding errors, billing for services not provided, submitting false cost reports and providing care that is not medically necessary or that is substandard in quality. Claims for services or items rendered in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute or the Stark Law can provide a basis for liability under the False Claims Act as well. The False Claims Act is also implicated by the knowing failure to report and return an overpayment within 60 days of identifying the overpayment or by the date a corresponding cost report is due, whichever is later. 
 Violations of the False Claims Act are punishable by significant penalties totaling 13,508 to 27,018 for each fraudulent claim plus three times the amount of damages sustained by the government. In addition, under the qui tam, or whistleblower, provisions of the False Claims Act, private parties may bring actions under the False Claims Act on behalf of the federal government. These private parties, known as relators, are entitled to share in any amounts recovered by the government, and, as a result, whistleblower lawsuits have increased significantly in recent years. Many states have similar false claims statutes that impose liability for the types of acts prohibited by the False Claims Act or that otherwise prohibit the submission of false or fraudulent claims to the state government or Medicaid program. 
 In addition to the False Claims Act, the federal government may use several criminal laws, such as the federal mail fraud, wire fraud or healthcare fraud statutes, to prosecute the submission of false or fraudulent claims for payment to the federal government. Most states have also adopted generally applicable insurance fraud statutes and regulations that prohibit healthcare providers from submitting inaccurate, incorrect or misleading claims to private insurance companies. Management believes our healthcare facilities have implemented appropriate safeguards and procedures to complete claim forms and requests for payment in an accurate manner and to operate in compliance with applicable laws. However, the possibility of billing or other errors can never be completely eliminated, and we cannot guarantee that the government or a qui tam plaintiff, upon audit or review, would not take the position that billing, the quality of patient care or other deficiencies or errors, should they occur, are violations of the False Claims Act. 
 HIPAA Administrative Simplification and Privacy and Security Requirements 
 The administrative simplification provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA ), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), require the use of uniform electronic data transmission standards for healthcare claims and payment transactions submitted or received electronically. These provisions are intended to encourage electronic commerce in the healthcare industry. HIPAA also established federal rules protecting the privacy and security of individually identifiable protected health information PHI ). The privacy and security regulations control the use and disclosure of PHI and the rights of patients to be informed about and control how such PHI is used and disclosed. Violations of HIPAA can result in both criminal and civil fines and penalties. 
 The HIPAA security regulations require healthcare providers to implement administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of PHI. HITECH has strengthened certain HIPAA rules regarding the use and disclosure of PHI, extended certain HIPAA provisions to business associates and created security breach notification requirements including notifications to the individuals affected by the breach, the Department of Health and Human Services, and in certain cases, the media. HITECH has also increased maximum penalties for violations of HIPAA privacy rules. Management believes that we have been in material compliance with the HIPAA regulations and have developed our policies and procedures to ensure ongoing compliance, although we cannot guarantee that our facilities will not be subject to security incidents or breaches which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The Emergency Medical Treatment & Labor Act 
 The Emergency Medical Treatment & Labor Act EMTALA is intended to ensure public access to emergency services regardless of ability to pay. Section 1867 of the Social Security Act imposes specific obligations on Medicare-participating hospitals that offer emergency services to provide a medical screening examination when a request is made for examination or treatment for an emergency medical condition regardless of an individual s ability to pay. Hospitals are then required to provide stabilizing treatment for patients with emergency medical conditions. If a hospital is unable to stabilize a patient within its capability, or if the patient requests, an appropriate transfer must be implemented. EMTALA imposes additional obligations on hospitals with specialized capabilities, such as ours, to accept the transfer of patients in need of such specialized capabilities if those patients present in the emergency room of a hospital that does not possess the specialized capabilities. 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Mental Health Parity Legislation 
 The MHPAEA was signed into law in October 2008 and requires health insurance plans that offer mental health and addiction coverage to provide that coverage on par with financial and treatment coverage offered for other illnesses. The MHPAEA has some limitations because health plans that do not already cover mental health treatments are not required to do so, and health plans are not required to provide coverage for every mental health condition published in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders by the American Psychiatric Association. The MHPAEA also contains a cost exemption which operates to exempt a group health plan from the MHPAEA s requirements if compliance with the MHPAEA becomes too costly. 
 On December 13, 2016, then President Obama signed the 21 st Century Cures Act. The 21 st Century Cures Act appropriated substantial resources for the treatment of behavioral health and substance abuse disorders and contained measures intended to strengthen the MHPAEA. 
 CARES Act and Other Regulatory Developments 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act was signed into law. The CARES Act is intended to provide over 2 trillion in stimulus benefits for the U.S. economy. Among other things, the CARES Act includes additional support for small businesses, expands unemployment benefits, makes forgivable loans available to small businesses, provides for certain federal income tax changes, and provides 500 billion for loans, loan guarantees, and other investments for or in U.S. businesses. 
 In addition, the CARES Act contains a number of provisions that are intended to assist healthcare providers as they combat the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Those provisions include, among others: 

an appropriation to the Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund PHSSE Fund ), also known as the Provider Relief Fund, to reimburse, through grants or other mechanisms, eligible healthcare providers and other approved entities for COVID-19-related expenses or lost revenue 

the expansion of CMS Accelerated and Advance Payment Program 

the temporary suspension of Medicare sequestration from May 1, 2020 to March 31, 2022, which was reduced to 1 on April 1, 2022 and was eliminated effective July 1, 2022 and 

waivers or temporary suspension of certain regulatory requirements. 

 The U.S. government initially announced it would offer 100 billion of relief to eligible healthcare providers through the PHSSE Fund. On April 24, 2020, then President Trump signed into law the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act (the PPP Act ). Among other things, the PPP Act allocates 75 billion to eligible healthcare providers to help offset COVID-19 related losses and expenses. The 75 billion allocated under the PPP Act is in addition to the 100 billion allocated to healthcare providers for the same purposes in the CARES Act and has been disbursed to providers under terms and conditions similar to the CARES Act funds. In 2020, we received approximately 34.9 million of the funds distributed from the PHSSE Fund. During the fourth quarter of 2020, we recorded approximately 32.8 million of income from provider relief fund related to PHSSE Fund funds received in 2020. In 2021, we received 24.2 million of additional funds from the PHSSE Fund. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we recorded 17.9 million of income from provider relief fund related to PHSSE Fund funds received. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received 7.7 million of additional funds from the PHSSE Fund and 14.2 million from the American Rescue Plan ARP Rural Payments for Hospitals. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded 21.5 million of income from provider relief fund related to PHSSE Fund and ARP funds received. The remaining ARP funds of 9.0 million are included in other accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. We continue to evaluate our compliance with the terms and conditions to, and the financial impact of, these additional funds received, including potential repayment of the remaining balance. 
 Healthcare providers were required to sign an attestation confirming receipt of the Provider Relief Fund funds and agree to the terms and conditions of payment. Under the terms and conditions for receipt of the payment, we were allowed to use the funds to cover lost revenues and healthcare costs related to COVID-19, and we were required to properly and fully document the use of these funds to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS ). The reporting of the funds is subject to future audit for compliance with the terms and conditions. We recognized Provider Relief Fund funds to the extent we had qualifying COVID-19 expenses or lost revenues as permitted under the terms and conditions. The grant income associated with the COVID-19 expenses and 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 lost revenues incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is reflected as income from provider relief fund in our consolidated statement of operations. 
 During 2020, we applied for and received approximately 45.2 million of payments from the CMS Accelerated and Advance Payment Program. Of the 45.2 million of advance payments received in 2020, we repaid approximately 25.1 million of advance payments during 2021 and made additional repayments of approximately 20.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 to eliminate the liability. 
 Under the CARES Act, we received a 2 increase in our facilities Medicare reimbursement rate as a result of the temporary suspension of Medicare sequestration from May 1, 2020 to March 31, 2022, which was reduced to 1 on April 1, 2022 and was eliminated effective July 1, 2022. 
 The CARES Act also provides for certain federal income and other tax changes. We received a cash benefit of approximately 39.3 million for 2020 relating to the delay of payment of the employer portion of Social Security payroll taxes. We repaid half of the 39.3 million of payroll tax deferrals during the third quarter of 2021 and repaid the remaining portion in the third quarter of 2022 to eliminate the liability. 
 In addition to the financial and other relief that has been provided by the federal government through the CARES Act and other legislation passed by Congress, CMS and many state governments have also issued waivers and temporary suspensions of healthcare facility licensure, certification, and reimbursement requirements in order to provide hospitals, physicians, and other healthcare providers with increased flexibility to meet the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, CMS and many state governments have temporarily eased regulatory requirements and burdens for delivering and being reimbursed for healthcare services provided remotely through telemedicine. CMS has also temporarily waived many provisions of the Stark law, including many of the provisions affecting our relationships with physicians. Many states have also suspended the enforcement of certain regulatory requirements to ensure that healthcare providers have sufficient capacity to treat COVID-19 patients. These regulatory changes are temporary, with most slated to expire at the end of the COVID-19 public health emergency, expected in May 2023. 
 We are continuing to evaluate the terms and conditions and financial impact of funds received under the CARES Act and other government relief programs. 
 Corporate Integrity Agreement 
 During the second quarter of 2019, we entered into a corporate integrity agreement (the CIA with the OIG imposing certain compliance obligations on us and our subsidiary, CRC Health. For further discussion of the background of this matter and the CIA, see Item 1A. Risk Factors We could be subject to monetary penalties and other sanctions, including exclusion from federal healthcare programs, if we fail to comply with the terms of the CIA . 
 Risk Management and Insurance 
 The healthcare industry in general continues to experience an increase in the frequency and severity of litigation and claims. As is typical in the healthcare industry, we are subject to claims that our services have resulted in injury to our patients or clients or other adverse effects. In addition, resident, visitor and employee injuries also subject us to the risk of litigation. While management believes that quality care is provided to patients and clients in our facilities and that we substantially comply with all applicable regulatory requirements, an adverse settlement determination in a legal proceeding or government investigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our statutory workers compensation program is fully insured with a 0.5 million deductible per accident. A portion of our professional liability risks are insured through a wholly-owned insurance subsidiary providing coverage for up to 10.0 million per claim through August 31, 2022 and 5.0 million and 10.0 million for certain other claims thereafter. We have obtained reinsurance coverage from a third party to cover claims in excess of those limits. The reinsurance policy has a coverage limit of 75.0 million or 70.0 million for certain other claims in the aggregate. Our reinsurance receivables are recognized consistent with the related liabilities and include known claims and any incurred but not reported claims that are covered by current insurance policies in place. 
 Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws that: (i) regulate certain activities and operations that may have environmental or health and safety effects, such as the handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of medical waste 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 products generated at our facilities, the identification and warning of the presence of asbestos-containing materials in buildings, as well as the removal of such materials, the presence of other hazardous subst ances in the indoor environment and protection of the environment and natural resources in connection with the development or construction of our facilities (ii) impose liability for costs of cleaning up, and damages to natural resources from, past spills, waste disposals on and off-site, or other releases of hazardous materials or regulated substances and (iii) regulate workplace safety. Some of our facilities generate infectious or other hazardous medical waste due to the illness or physical condition of our patients. The management of infectious medical waste is subject to regulation under various federal, state and local environmental laws, which establish management requirements for such waste. These requirements include record-keeping, notice and reporting obligations. Each of our facilities has an agreement with a waste management company for the disposal of medical waste. The use of such companies, however, does not completely protect us from violations of medical waste laws or from related third-party claims for clean-up costs. 
 From time to time, our operations have resulted in, or may result in, non-compliance with, or liability pursuant to, environmental or health and safety laws or regulations. Management believes that our operations are generally in compliance with environmental and health and safety regulatory requirements, including legal requirements relating to climate change, or that any non-compliance will not result in a material liability or cost to achieve compliance. Historically, the costs of achieving and maintaining compliance with environmental laws and regulations at our facilities have not been material. However, we cannot assure you that future costs and expenses required for us to comply with any new or changes in existing environmental and health and safety laws and regulations or new or discovered environmental conditions will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we could be affected by climate change to the extent that climate change results in severe weather conditions or other disruptions impacting the communities in which our facilities are located. For more information regarding climate change and its possible adverse impact on us, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Operational Risks Our business and operations are subject to risks related to natural disasters and climate change . 
 We have not been notified of and management is otherwise currently not aware of any contamination at our currently or formerly operated facilities that could result in material liability or cost to us under environmental laws or regulations for the investigation and remediation of such contamination, and we currently are not undertaking any remediation or investigation activities in connection with any such contamination conditions. There may, however, be environmental conditions currently unknown to us relating to our prior, existing or future sites or operations or those of predecessor companies whose liabilities we may have assumed or acquired which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 New laws, regulations or policies or changes in existing laws, regulations or policies or their enforcement, future spills or accidents or the discovery of currently unknown conditions or non-compliances may give rise to investigation and remediation liabilities, compliance costs, fines and penalties, or liability and claims for alleged personal injury or property damage due to substances or materials used in our operations, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Competition 
 The healthcare industry is highly competitive. Our principal competitors include other behavioral healthcare service companies, including Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE: UHS) and other hospitals and general healthcare facilities that provide mental health services. An important part of our business strategy is to continue making targeted acquisitions of other behavioral health facilities. However, reduced capacity, the passage of mental health parity legislation and increased demand for mental health services are likely to attract other potential buyers, including diversified healthcare companies, other pure-play behavioral healthcare companies and private equity firms. 
 In addition to the competition we face for acquisitions, we must also compete for patients. Patients are referred to our behavioral healthcare facilities through a number of different sources, including healthcare practitioners, public programs, other treatment facilities, managed care organizations, unions, emergency departments, judicial officials, social workers, police departments and word of mouth from previously treated patients and their families, among others. These referral sources may instead refer patients to hospitals that are able to provide a full suite of medical services or to other behavioral healthcare centers. 
 Human Capital 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 23,000 employees, of which 17,000 were employed full-time. At December 31, 2022, labor unions represented approximately 350 of our employees at two of our facilities through four collective bargaining agreements. Organizing activities by labor unions and certain potential changes in federal labor laws and regulations could increase the likelihood of employee unionization in the future. 
 Typically, our inpatient facilities are staffed by a chief executive officer, medical director, director of nursing, chief financial officer, clinical director and director of performance improvement. Psychiatrists and other physicians working in our facilities are 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 licensed medical professionals who are generally not employed by us and work in our facilities as independent contractors or medical staff members. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We are committed to maintaining a welcoming and inclusive environment that treats everyone with dignity and respect. Approximately 74 of our employees are women and approximately 48 are people of color. We have policies that strictly prohibit any discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, religion, disability, gender, marital status, veteran status or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. 
 We have also established a Diversity and Inclusion Council, a multidisciplinary group, to oversee and advance diversity and inclusion initiatives. 
 Talent Acquisition, Development and Retention 
 Our success is dependent on our ability to attract, develop and retain talented, dedicated employees. We are committed to being an employer of choice and offer a compelling total rewards program. In addition to base salaries, we offer our employees a full spectrum of benefits, including medical, dental, vision and disability plans, health savings and flexible spending accounts, a 401(k) retirement savings plan that includes a matching contribution, paid time off and employee assistance programs. We also conduct comprehensive employee satisfaction surveys to assess and ensure that we are responsive to the desires and concerns of our employees. 
 Like most healthcare providers, our facilities have experienced rising labor costs and turnover, and we have resorted to using more expensive contract labor at certain of our facilities. In some markets, the availability and retention of qualified medical personnel have become significant operating issues to healthcare providers, including at certain of our facilities. Shortages of nurses, qualified addiction counselors and other medical and care support personnel could result in a number of adverse impacts to our business, including capacity and growth constraints, reduced patient satisfaction, reduced employee satisfaction, impact on services offered, and increased costs, among others. For more information regarding risks of rising labor costs and its possible adverse impact on us, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Human Capital Risks Our facilities face competition for staffing, labor shortages and higher turnover rates that may increase our labor costs and reduce our profitability . 
 Health and Safety 
 We are committed to providing care to our patients in a safe, therapeutic environment. In furtherance of this commitment, we provide our employees with access to a variety of workplace safety training programs and continually evaluate our policies promoting patient safety and employee wellbeing. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented numerous changes to our policies and procedures to ensure the health of our patients, employees, contractors and communities, including instituting social distancing practices and protective measures throughout our facilities, which included restricting or suspending visitor access, screening patients and staff who enter our facilities based on criteria established by the CDC and local health officials, and testing and isolating patients when warranted. 
 Seasonality of Demand for Services 
 Our residential recovery and other inpatient facilities typically experience lower patient volumes and revenue during the holidays, and our child and adolescent facilities typically experience lower patient volumes and revenue during the summer months, holidays and other periods when school is out of session. 
 Available Information 
 Our Internet website address is www.acadiahealthcare.com. We make available our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports free of charge on our website on the Investors webpage under the caption SEC Filings as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information we file. Our website and the information contained therein or linked thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 
 We are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including financial risks, operational risks, human capital risks, legal proceedings and regulatory risks and certain general risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks that we deem material are described under Risk Factors below and include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 Financial Risks 

Our revenue and results of operations are significantly affected by payments received from the government and third-party payors. 

Our debt could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our financing arrangements. 

Servicing our debt will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate sufficient cash to service our debt depends on many factors beyond our control. 

We are subject to a number of restrictive covenants, which may restrict our business and financing activities. 

Despite our current debt level, we may incur significant additional amounts of debt, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our debt. 

If we default on our obligations to pay our debt, we may not be able to make payments on our financing arrangements. 

We are subject to volatility in the global capital and credit markets as well as significant developments in macroeconomic and political conditions that are out of our control. 

Increases in inflation and rising interest rates may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The industry trend on value-based purchasing may negatively impact our revenue. 

The COVID-19 global pandemic continues to impact our operations, business and financial condition, and our liquidity could be negatively impacted, particularly if the U.S. economy remains unstable for a significant amount of time or if patient volumes decline at our facilities. 

An increase in uninsured or underinsured patients or the deterioration in the collectability of patient accounts receivables could harm our results of operation. 

Operational Risks 

An incident involving one or more of our patients or the failure by one or more of our facilities to provide appropriate care could result in increased regulatory burdens, governmental investigations, negative publicity and adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

Our business growth and acquisition strategies expose us to a variety of operational and financial risks. 

Joint ventures may use significant resources, may be unsuccessful and could expose us to unforeseen liabilities. 

We care for a large number of vulnerable individuals with complex needs and any care quality deficiencies could adversely impact our brand, reputation and ability to market our services effectively. 

Our business could be disrupted if our information systems fail or if our databases are destroyed or damaged. 

A disruption to our information technology systems or a cyber security incident could have a material adverse impact on the Company, including substantial sanctions, fines, and damages and civil and criminal penalties under federal and state privacy laws, in addition to reputational harm and increased costs. 

Although we have facilities in 39 states and Puerto Rico, we have substantial operations in Pennsylvania, California, Arizona and Tennessee, which makes us especially sensitive to regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive conditions and changes in those locations. 

Our business and operations are subject to risks related to natural disasters and climate change. 

 14 
 
 Table of Contents 

If we fail to cultivate new or maintain established relationships with referral sources, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry, and competition may lead to declines in patient volumes. 

Human Capital Risks 

Our facilities face competition for staffing, labor shortages and higher turnover rates that may increase our labor costs and reduce our profitability. 

Our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain quality psychiatrists and other physicians. 

Legal Proceedings and Regulatory Risks 

We are and in the future could become the subject of additional governmental investigations, regulatory actions and whistleblower lawsuits. 

We could be subject to monetary penalties and other sanctions, including exclusion from federal healthcare programs, if we fail to comply with the terms of the CIA. 

We are and in the future may become involved in legal proceedings based on negligence or breach of a contractual or statutory duty from service users or their family members or from employees or former employees. 

If we fail to comply with extensive laws and government regulations, we could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations. 

We could face risks associated with, or arising out of, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. 

General Risk Factors 

Fluctuations in our operating results, quarter to quarter earnings and other factors, including factors outside our control, may result in significant decreases in the price of our common stock. 

Future sales of common stock by our existing stockholders may cause our stock price to fall. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they were to change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

We incur substantial costs as a result of being a public company. 

 Risk Factors 
 Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. These risks should be carefully considered before making an investment decision regarding us. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face and there may be additional risks that we are not presently aware of or that we currently consider not likely to have a significant impact. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and operating results could suffer, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 Financial Risks 
 Our revenue and results of operations are significantly affected by payments received from the government and third-party payors. 
 A significant portion of our revenue is derived from government healthcare programs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we derived approximately 66 of our continuing operations revenue from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 
 Government payors in the U.S., such as Medicaid, generally reimburse us on a fee-for-service basis based on predetermined reimbursement rate schedules. As a result, we are limited in the amount we can record as revenue for our services from these government programs, and if we have a cost increase, we typically will not be able to recover this increase. In addition, the federal government and many state governments, are operating under significant budgetary pressures, and they may seek to reduce payments under their Medicaid programs for services such as those we provide. Government payors also tend to pay on a slower schedule. In addition to limiting the amounts they will pay for the services we provide their members, government payors may, among other things, impose prior authorization and concurrent utilization review programs that may further limit the services for which they will pay and shift patients to lower levels of care and reimbursement. Therefore, if governmental entities reduce the amounts they will pay 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 for our services, if they elect not to continue paying for such services altogether, or if there is a significant contraction of the number of individuals covered by state Medicaid programs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, if governmental entities slow their payment cycles further, our cash flow from operations could be negatively affected. 
 Commercial payors such as managed care organizations, private health insurance programs and labor unions generally reimburse us for the services rendered to insured patients based upon contractually determined rates. These commercial payors are under significant pressure to control healthcare costs. In addition to limiting the amounts they will pay for the services we provide their members, commercial payors may, among other things, impose prior authorization and concurrent utilization review programs that may further limit the services for which they will pay and shift patients to lower levels of care and reimbursement. These actions may reduce the amount of revenue we derive from commercial payors. 
 Changes in these government programs in recent years have resulted in limitations on reimbursement and, in some cases, reduced levels of reimbursement for healthcare services. Payments from federal and state government healthcare programs are subject to statutory and regulatory changes, administrative rulings, interpretations and determinations, requirements for utilization review, and federal and state funding restrictions, all of which could materially increase or decrease program payments, as well as affect the cost of providing service to patients and the timing of payments to facilities. We are unable to predict the effect of recent and future policy changes on our operations. In addition, since most states operate with balanced budgets and since the Medicaid program is often a state s largest program, some states can be expected to enact or consider enacting legislation formulated to reduce their Medicaid expenditures. If the rates paid or the scope of services covered by government payors are reduced, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition to changes in government reimbursement programs, our ability to negotiate favorable contracts with private payors, including managed care providers, significantly affects the financial condition and operating results of our facilities. Further, we may not be able to negotiate or sustain rate increases we have experienced in recent years, and may not be able to achieve consistent rate increases from year to year. Management expects third-party payors to aggressively manage reimbursement levels and cost controls. Reductions in reimbursement amounts received from third-party payors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our healthcare facilities are also subject to federal, state and commercial payor audits to validate the accuracy of claims submitted to government healthcare programs and commercial payors. If these audits identify overpayments, we could be required to make substantial repayments, subject to various appeal rights. Our facilities are routinely subjected to claims audits in the ordinary course of business. While no such audit has identified any material overpayment liability, should a potential material overpayment liability arise from a future audit, such overpayment liability may ultimately exceed established reserves, and any excess could potentially be substantial. Further, Medicare and Medicaid regulations, as well as commercial payor contracts, also provide for withholding or suspending payments in certain circumstances, which could adversely affect our cash flow. 
 Our debt could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our financing arrangements. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.4 billion of total debt (net of debt issuance costs, discounts and premiums of 12.6 million), which included approximately 473.4 million of debt under the New Credit Facility, 450.0 million of debt under the 5.500 Senior Notes and 475.0 million of debt under the 5.000 Senior Notes. See Item 1. Business Financing Transactions for additional details regarding our outstanding indebtedness. 
 Our debt could have important consequences to our business. For example, it could: 

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions 

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our other financial obligations 

restrict us from making strategic acquisitions or cause us to make non-strategic divestitures 

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt (including scheduled repayments on our outstanding term loan borrowings under the New Credit Facility), thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes 

expose us to interest rate fluctuations because the interest on the New Credit Facility is imposed at variable rates 

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to our lenders, resulting in possible defaults on and acceleration of such debt 

 16 
 
 Table of Contents 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate 

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt 

limit our ability to borrow additional funds and 

limit our ability to pay dividends, redeem stock or make other distributions. 

 In addition, the terms of our financing arrangements contain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interests. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our debts, including the New Credit Facility and the Senior Notes. 
 Servicing our debt will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate sufficient cash to service our debt depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our debt, to fund planned capital expenditures and to maintain sufficient working capital will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. 
 We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under the New Credit Facility or from other sources in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our debt or to fund our other liquidity needs. If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to allow us to make scheduled payments on our debt, we may need to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt on or before the maturity thereof, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our debt on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that the terms of that debt will allow any of the above alternative measures or that these measures would satisfy our scheduled debt service obligations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to repay or refinance our debt on favorable terms, it could significantly adversely affect our financial condition and the value of our outstanding debt. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. 
 We are subject to a number of restrictive covenants, which may restrict our business and financing activities. 
 Our financing arrangements impose, and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us. Such restrictions affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, among other things, our and our subsidiaries ability to: 

incur or guarantee additional debt and issue certain preferred stock 

pay dividends on our common stock or redeem, repurchase or retire our equity interests or subordinated debt 

transfer or sell our assets 

make certain payments or investments 

make capital expenditures 

create certain liens on assets 

create restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments to us 

engage in certain transactions with our affiliates and 

merge or consolidate with other companies. 

 The New Credit Facility also requires us to meet certain financial ratios, including a fixed charge coverage ratio and a consolidated leverage ratio. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources New Credit Facility . 
 The restrictions may prevent us from taking actions that management believes would be in the best interests of our business, and may make it difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy or effectively compete with companies that are not similarly restricted. We also may incur future debt obligations that might subject us to additional restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility. Our ability to comply with these covenants in future periods will largely depend on the pricing of 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 our products and services, our success at implementing cost reduction initiatives and our ability to successfully implement our overall business strategy. We cannot assure you that we will be granted waivers or amendments to our financing arrangements if for any reason we are unable to comply with our financial covenants. The breach of any of these covenants and restrictions could result in a default under the indentures governing the Senior Notes or under the New Credit Facility, which could result in an acceleration of our debt. 
 Despite our current debt level, we may incur significant additional amounts of debt, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our debt. 
 We may incur substantial additional debt, including additional notes and other debt, in the future. Although the indentures governing our outstanding Senior Notes and the New Credit Facility contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and under certain circumstances, the amount of debt that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. If new debt is added to our existing debt levels, the related risks that we now face would intensify and we may not be able to meet all our debt obligations. 
 If we default on our obligations to pay our debt, we may not be able to make payments on our financing arrangements. 
 Any default under the agreements governing our debt, including a default under the New Credit Facility or the indentures governing our Senior Notes, and the remedies sought by the holders of such debt, could adversely affect our ability to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Senior Notes and substantially decrease the market value of the Senior Notes. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows and are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest on our debt, or if we otherwise fail to comply with the various covenants, including financial and operating covenants, in the instruments governing our debt (including the New Credit Facility and the indentures governing the Senior Notes), we would be in default under the terms of the agreements governing such debt. In the event of such default, the holders of such debt could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, the lenders under the New Credit Facility could elect to terminate their commitments or cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets, or we could be forced to apply all available cash flows to repay such debt, and, in any such case, we could ultimately be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. Because the indentures governing the Senior Notes and the agreement governing the New Credit Facility have customary cross-default provisions, if the debt under the Senior Notes or the New Credit Facility is accelerated, we may be unable to repay or refinance the amounts due. 
 We may be required to record additional charges to future earnings if our goodwill, intangible assets and property and equipment become impaired. 
 We are required under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP to review annually, or more frequently if events indicate the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be recoverable, our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. Although there were no impairment charges recorded for the 2022 annual impairment review, we may be required to record charges to earnings during any period in which an impairment of our goodwill, intangible assets and property and equipment is determined which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our evaluation of goodwill and the need for any further impairment in subsequent periods is sensitive to revisions to our current projections. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies Property and Equipment and other Long-Lived Assets and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for additional information. 
 Our operating costs are subject to increases in the wages and salaries of our staff. 
 The most significant operating expense for our facilities is wage costs, which represent the staff costs incurred in providing our services and running our facilities, and which are primarily driven by the number of employees and pay rates. The number of employees employed by us is primarily linked to the number of facilities we operate and the number of individuals cared for by us. While we can reduce the number of employees should occupancy rates decrease at our facilities, there is a limit on the extent to which this can be done without impacting quality of our services. 
 We also have a number of recurring costs including insurance, utilities and rental costs, and may face increases to other recurring costs such as regulatory compliance costs. There can be no assurance that any of our recurring costs will not grow at a faster rate than our revenue. As a result, any increase in our operating costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We are subject to volatility in the global capital and credit markets as well as significant developments in macroeconomic and political conditions that are out of our control. 
 Our business can be affected by a number of factors that are beyond our control, such as general macroeconomic conditions, conditions in the financial services markets, geopolitical conditions and other general political and economic developments. In particular, we have historically financed acquisitions, the development of de novo and joint venture facilities and the modification of our existing facilities through a variety of sources, including our own cash reserves and debt financing. While we intend to seek to finance acquisitions and new and existing developments from similar sources in the future, there may be insufficient cash reserves to fund the budgeted capital expenditure and market conditions and other factors may prevent us from obtaining debt financing on appropriate terms or at all. In addition, market conditions may limit the number of financial institutions that are willing to provide financing to landlords with whom we wish to contract to build new healthcare facilities which can then be made available to us under a long-term operating lease. If conditions in the global economy remain uncertain or weaken further, this could materially adversely impact our ADC, which would have a corresponding negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 A worsening of the economic and employment conditions in the geographies in which we operate could materially affect our business and future results of operations. 
 During periods of high unemployment, governmental entities often experience budget deficits as a result of increased costs and lower than expected tax collections. These budget deficits at the federal, state and local levels have decreased, and may continue to decrease, spending for health and human service programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, which are significant payor sources for our facilities. In periods of high unemployment, we also face the risk of potential declines in the population covered under private insurance, patient decisions to postpone or decide against receiving behavioral healthcare services, potential increases in the uninsured and underinsured populations we serve and further difficulties in collecting patient co-payment and deductible receivables. 
 A sizable portion of our revenue from certain residential recovery, eating disorder facilities, CTCs and youth programs is from self-payors. Accordingly, a sustained downturn in the U.S. economy could restrain the ability of our patients and the families of our students to pay for services. 
 Furthermore, the availability of liquidity and capital resources to fund the continuation and expansion of many business operations worldwide has been limited in recent years. Our ability to access the capital markets on acceptable terms may be severely restricted at a time when we would like, or need, access to those markets, which could have a negative impact on our growth plans, our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions and our ability to refinance existing debt (including debt under the New Credit Facility and the Senior Notes). A sustained economic downturn or other economic conditions could also adversely affect the counterparties to our agreements, including the lenders under the New Credit Facility, causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. 
 Increases in inflation and rising interest rates may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Inflation in the U.S. has recently accelerated and is currently expected to continue at an elevated level in the near-term. Current and future inflationary effects may be driven by, among other things, supply chain disruptions and governmental stimulus or fiscal policies, and geopolitical instability, including the ongoing conflict between the Ukraine and Russia. Continuing increases in inflation, have in the past, and could in the future, impact our costs of labor and services and the margins we are able to realize on the operation of our facilities and services, all of which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Inflation has also resulted in higher interest rates, which in turn will result in higher costs of debt borrowing and could limit our growth strategy. 
 The industry trend on value-based purchasing may negatively impact our revenue. 
 There is a trend in the healthcare industry toward value-based purchasing of healthcare services, rather than per diem charges. These value-based purchasing programs include both public reporting of quality data and preventable adverse events tied to the quality and efficiency of care provided by facilities. Governmental programs including Medicare and Medicaid currently require hospitals to report certain quality data to receive full reimbursement updates. In addition, Medicare does not reimburse for care related to certain preventable adverse events. Many large commercial payors currently require hospitals to report quality data, and several commercial payors do not reimburse hospitals for certain preventable adverse events. 
 We expect value-based purchasing programs, including programs that condition reimbursement on patient outcome measures, to become more common and to involve a higher percentage of reimbursement amounts. We are unable at this time to predict how this trend will affect our results of operations, but it could negatively impact our revenue if we are unable to meet quality standards established by both governmental and private payers. 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The trend by insurance companies and managed care organizations to enter into sole-source contracts may limit our ability to obtain patients. 
 Insurance companies and managed care organizations are entering into sole-source contracts with healthcare providers, which could limit our ability to obtain patients since we do not offer the range of services required for these contracts. Moreover, private insurers, managed care organizations and, to a lesser extent, Medicaid and Medicare, are beginning to carve-out specific services, including mental health and substance abuse services, and establish small, specialized networks of providers for such services at fixed reimbursement rates. Continued growth in the use of carve-out arrangements could materially adversely affect our business to the extent we are not selected to participate in such networks or if the reimbursement rate in such networks is not adequate to cover the cost of providing the service. 
 The COVID-19 global pandemic continues to impact our operations, business and financial condition, and our liquidity could be negatively impacted, particularly if the U.S. economy remains unstable for a significant amount of time or if patient volumes decline at our facilities. 
 The global pandemic of COVID-19 is affecting our facilities, employees, patients, communities, business operations and financial performance, as well as the broader U.S. economy and financial markets. During 2020, 2021 and 2022 COVID-19 resulted in fewer referrals to our facilities and lower voluntary admissions as individuals were less inclined to leave their homes and seek treatment. When employees and/or patients at a facility are infected with COVID-19, there is a risk that the virus will spread to others at the facility and impact the operations of such facility. COVID-19 is continuing to evolve and its full impact remains unknown and difficult to predict however, it has adversely affected our business operations in 2020, 2021 and 2022 and could negatively impact our financial performance for 2023 or longer. 
 We could experience supply chain disruptions and significant price increases in equipment, pharmaceuticals and medical supplies, which could cause delays in our ability to develop a de novo or joint venture facility or modify an existing facility. Pandemic-related staffing difficulties and equipment, pharmaceutical and medical supplies shortages may impact our ability to treat patients at our facilities. Such shortages could lead to us paying higher prices for supplies, equipment and labor and an increase in overtime hours paid to our employees. 
 The steps we have taken to mitigate the financial impact of COVID-19, see Item 1. Business COVID-19 Impact, may not be successful, and we could experience material decreases in Adjusted EBITDA in 2023 or longer. In addition, we may need to take further steps to mitigate the financial impact of COVID-19, which actions could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Broad economic factors resulting from COVID-19, including reduced consumer spending, could also negatively affect our payor mix, increase the relative proportion of lower margin services we provide and reduce patient volumes, as well as diminish our ability to collect outstanding receivables. Business closings and layoffs in the areas in which we operate may lead to increases in the uninsured and underinsured populations and adversely affect demand for our services, as well as the ability of patients and other payors to pay for services as rendered. Any increase in the amount or deterioration in the collectability of patient accounts receivable will adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations, requiring an increased level of working capital. If general economic conditions continue to deteriorate or remain uncertain for an extended period of time, our liquidity and ability to repay our outstanding debt may be adversely affected. 
 In addition, our results and financial condition may be further adversely affected by future federal or state laws, regulations, orders, or other governmental or regulatory actions addressing the current COVID-19 pandemic or the U.S. healthcare system, which, if adopted, could result in direct or indirect restrictions to our business. We may also be subject to negative press and/or lawsuits from patients, employees and others exposed to COVID-19 at our facilities. Such actions may involve large demands, as well as substantial costs to resolve. Our professional and general liability insurance may not cover all claims against us. 
 The foregoing and other continued disruptions to our business as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic have impacted our business and may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and our ability to service our indebtedness. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic (including governmental responses, broad economic impacts and market disruptions) has heightened the materiality of certain other risk factors described herein. 
 An increase in uninsured or underinsured patients or the deterioration in the collectability of patient accounts receivables could harm our results of operation. 
 Collection of receivables from third-party payors and patients is critical to our operating performance. Our primary collection risks relate to uninsured patients and the portion of the bill that is the patient s responsibility, which primarily includes co-payments and deductibles. We determine the transaction price based on established billing rates reduced by contractual adjustments provided to third-party payors, discounts provided to uninsured patients and implicit price concessions. Contractual adjustments and discounts are based on contractual agreements, discount policies and historical experience. Implicit price concessions are based on historical 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 collection experience. At December 31, 2022, our estimated implicit price concessions represented approximately 15 of our accounts receivable balance as of such date. 
 Significant changes in business office operations, payor mix, economic conditions or trends in federal and state governmental health coverage could affect our collection of accounts receivable, cash flow and results of operations. If we experience unexpected increases in the growth of uninsured and underinsured patients or in bad debt expenses, our results of operations will be harmed. 
 Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we are unable to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting, we may be unable to report our financial information on a timely basis, may suffer adverse regulatory consequences or violations of NASDAQ listing rules and may breach the covenants under our financing arrangements. There could also be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements. If we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting in the future (including any material weakness in the controls of businesses we have acquired), their correction could require additional remedial measures which could be costly, time-consuming and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 We intend to retain our future earnings, if any, for use in our business or for other corporate purposes and do not anticipate that cash dividends with respect to common stock will be paid in the foreseeable future. Any decision as to the future payment of dividends will depend on our results of operations, financial position and such other factors as our board of directors, in its discretion, deems relevant. In addition, the terms of our debt substantially limit our ability to pay dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be a stockholder s sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 
 Operational Risks 
 An incident involving one or more of our patients or the failure by one or more of our facilities to provide appropriate care could result in increased regulatory burdens, governmental investigations, negative publicity and adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 Because many of the patients we treat suffer from severe mental health and chemical dependency disorders, patient incidents, including deaths, sexual abuse, assaults and elopements, occur from time to time. If one or more of our facilities experiences an adverse patient incident or is found to have failed to provide appropriate patient care, an admissions hold, loss of accreditation, license revocation or other adverse regulatory action could be taken against us. Any such patient incident or adverse regulatory action could result in governmental investigations, judgments or fines and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we have been and could become the subject of negative publicity or unfavorable media attention, whether warranted or unwarranted, that could have a significant, adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock or adversely impact our reputation and how our referral sources and payors view us. 
 Our business growth and acquisition strategies expose us to a variety of operational and financial risks. 
 A principal element of our business strategy is to grow by acquiring other companies and assets in the behavioral healthcare industry. Growth through acquisitions exposes us to a variety of operational and financial risks. We summarize the most significant of these risks below. 
 Integration risks 
 We must integrate our acquisitions with our existing operations. This process includes the integration of the various components of our business and of the businesses we have acquired or may acquire in the future, including the following: 

additional psychiatrists, other physicians and employees who are not familiar with our operations 

patients who may elect to switch to another behavioral healthcare provider 

regulatory compliance programs and 

disparate operating, information and record keeping systems and technology platforms. 

 21 
 
 Table of Contents 

Integrating a newly acquired facility could be expensive and time consuming and could disrupt our ongoing business, negatively affect cash flow and distract management and other key personnel from day-to-day operations. 
 We may not be able to successfully combine the operations of acquired facilities with our operations, and even if such integration is accomplished, we may never realize the potential benefits of the acquisition. The integration of acquisitions with our operations requires significant attention from management, may impose substantial demands on our operations or other projects and may impose challenges on the combined business including, but not limited to, consistencies in business standards, procedures, policies, business cultures and internal controls and compliance. Certain acquisitions involve a capital outlay, and the return that we achieve on any capital invested may be less than the return that we would achieve on our other projects or investments. If we fail to complete the integration of acquired facilities, we may never fully realize the potential benefits of the related acquisitions. 
 Successful integration depends on the ability to effect any required changes in operations or personnel, which may entail unforeseen liabilities. The integration of acquired businesses may expose us to certain risks, including the following: difficulty in integrating these businesses in a cost-effective manner, including the establishment of effective management information and financial control systems unforeseen legal, regulatory, contractual, employment or other issues arising out of the combination combining corporate cultures maintaining employee morale and retaining key employees potential disruptions to our on-going business caused by our senior management s focus on integrating these businesses and performance of the combined assets not meeting our expectations or plans. A failure to properly integrate these businesses could have a corresponding material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
 Benefits may not materialize 
 When evaluating potential acquisition targets, we identify potential synergies and cost savings that we expect to realize upon the successful completion of the acquisition and the integration of the related operations. We may, however, be unable to achieve or may otherwise never realize the expected benefits. Our ability to realize the expected benefits from potential cost savings and revenue improvement opportunities is subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, such as changes to government regulation governing or otherwise impacting the behavioral healthcare industry, reductions in reimbursement rates from third-party payors, reductions in service levels under our contracts, operating difficulties, client preferences, changes in competition and general economic or industry conditions. If we are unsuccessful in implementing these improvements or if we do not achieve our expected results, it may adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Assumptions of unknown liabilities 
 Facilities that we acquire may have unknown or contingent liabilities, including, but not limited to, liabilities for uncertain tax positions, liabilities for failure to comply with healthcare laws and regulations and liabilities for unresolved litigation or regulatory reviews. Although we typically attempt to exclude significant liabilities from our acquisition transactions and seek indemnification from the sellers of such facilities, the purchase agreement for some of our significant acquisitions contain minimal representations and warranties about the entities and business that we acquired. In addition, we have no indemnification rights against the sellers under some purchase agreements and all of the purchase price consideration was paid at closing. Therefore, we may incur material liabilities for the past activities of acquired entities and facilities. Even in those acquisitions in which we have such rights, we may experience difficulty enforcing the sellers obligations, or we may incur material liabilities for the past activities of acquired facilities. Such liabilities and related legal or other costs and/or resulting damage to a facility s reputation could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Competing for acquisitions 
 We face competition for acquisition candidates primarily from other for-profit healthcare companies, as well as from not-for-profit entities. Some of our competitors may have greater resources than we do. As a result, we may pay more to acquire a target business or may agree to less favorable deal terms than we would have otherwise. Our principal competitors for acquisitions have included UHS and private equity firms. Also, suitable acquisitions may not be accomplished due to unfavorable terms. Further, the cost of an acquisition could result in a dilutive effect on our results of operations, depending on various factors, including the amount paid for an acquired facility, the acquired facility s results of operations, the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, effects of subsequent legislation and limits on rate increases. In addition, we may have to pay cash, incur debt, or issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition, which could adversely affect our financial results, result in dilution to our stockholders, result in increased fixed obligations or impede our ability to manage our operations. There can be no assurances that we will be able to acquire facilities at historical or expected rates or on favorable terms. 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Antitrust and other legal challenges 
 We may face antitrust and other legal challenges when acquiring facilities or other businesses, which could negatively impact our ability to close acquisition transactions. Antitrust enforcement in the healthcare industry is currently a priority of the Federal Trade Commission, the Department of Justice and many state agencies, including with respect to hospital acquisitions. Additionally, many states require CONs in order to acquire a hospital or other healthcare facility. The acquisition of hospitals and other healthcare facilities also often requires licensure approvals or reviews and complex change of ownership processes for Medicare and other payers. The increasingly challenging antitrust enforcement environment and other regulatory review or approval processes could significantly delay or even prevent our ability to acquire facilities and other businesses and increase our acquisition costs, which could adversely affect our overall growth strategy. 
 Managing growth 
 Some of the facilities we have acquired or may acquire in the future may have had significantly lower operating margins prior to the time of our acquisition or may have had operating losses prior to such acquisition. If we fail to improve the operating margins of the facilities we acquire, operate such facilities profitably or effectively integrate the operations of the acquired facilities, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 Joint ventures may use significant resources, may be unsuccessful and could expose us to unforeseen liabilities. 
 As part of our growth strategy, we have completed, and have announced plans to complete, a number of joint ventures and strategic alliances. These joint ventures may involve significant cash expenditures, debt incurrence, additional operating losses and expenses, and compliance risks that could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, there is often a significant delay between our formation of a joint venture and the time that a de novo facility can be constructed and have a positive financial impact on our results of operations. 
 The nature of a joint venture requires us to consult with and share certain decision-making powers with unaffiliated third parties, some of which may be not-for-profit healthcare systems. If our joint venture partners do not fulfill their obligations, the affected joint venture may not be able to operate according to its business or strategic plans. In that case, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected or we may be required to increase our level of financial commitment to the joint venture. Moreover, differences in economic or business interests or goals among joint venture participants could result in delayed decisions, failures to agree on major issues and even litigation. If these differences cause the joint ventures to deviate from their business or strategic plans, or if our joint venture partners take actions contrary to our policies, objectives or the best interests of the joint venture, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. In addition, our relationships with not-for-profit healthcare systems and the joint venture agreements that govern these relationships are intended to be structured to comply with current revenue rulings published by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ), as well as case law relevant to joint ventures between for-profit and not-for-profit healthcare entities. Material changes in these authorities could adversely affect our relationships with not-for-profit healthcare systems and related joint venture arrangements. 
 We incur significant transaction-related costs in connection with acquisitions and other strategic transactions. 
 We incur substantial costs in connection with acquisitions and other strategic transactions, including transaction-related expenses. In addition, we may incur additional costs to maintain employee morale, retain key employees, and to formulate and execute integration plans. Although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of acquired businesses, should allow us to more than offset incremental transaction and acquisition-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. 
 We care for a large number of vulnerable individuals with complex needs and any care quality deficiencies could adversely impact our brand, reputation and ability to market our services effectively. 
 Our future growth will partly depend on our ability to maintain our reputation for providing quality patient care and, through new programs and marketing activities, increased demand for our services. Factors such as increased acuity of our patients, health and safety incidents at our facilities, regulatory enforcement actions, negative press or general customer dissatisfaction could lead to deterioration in the level of our quality ratings or the public perception of the quality of our services (including as a result of negative publicity about our industry generally), which in turn could lead to a loss of patient placements, referrals and self-pay patients or service users. Any impairment of our reputation, loss of goodwill or damage to the value of our brand name could have a material 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Many of our service users have complex medical conditions or special needs, are vulnerable and often require a substantial level of care and supervision. There is a risk that one or more service users could be harmed by one or more of our employees, either intentionally, through negligence or by accident. Further, individuals cared for by us have in the past engaged, and may in the future engage, in behavior that results in harm to themselves, our employees or to one or more other individuals, including members of the public. A serious incident involving harm to one or more service users or other individuals could result in negative publicity. Such negative publicity could have a material adverse effect on our brand, reputation and ADC, which would have a corresponding negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, the damage to our reputation or to the reputation of the relevant facility from any such incident could be exacerbated by any failure on our part to respond effectively to such incident. 
 Our ability to grow our business through organic expansion either by developing de novo or joint venture facilities or by modifying existing facilities is dependent upon many factors. 
 Our ability to grow our business through organic expansion is dependent on capacity and occupancy at our facilities. Should our facilities reach maximum occupancy, we may need to implement other growth strategies either by developing de novo or joint venture facilities or by modifying existing facilities. 
 Our facilities typically need to be purpose-designed in order to enable the type and quality of service that we provide. Consequently, we must either develop sites to create facilities or purchase or lease existing facilities, which may require substantial modification. We must be able to identify suitable sites and there is no guarantee that such sites will be available at all, or at an economically viable cost or in areas of sufficient demand for our services. The subsequent successful development and construction of a de novo or joint venture facility is contingent upon, among other things, negotiation of construction contracts, regulatory permits and planning consents and satisfactory completion of construction. Similarly, our ability to expand existing facilities is also dependent upon various factors, including identification of appropriate expansion projects, permitting, licensure, financing, integration into our relationships with payors and referral sources, and margin pressure as de novo and joint venture facilities are filled with patients. 
 Delays caused by difficulties in respect of any of the above factors may lead to cost overruns and longer periods before a return is generated on an investment, if at all. We may incur significant capital expenditure but due to a regulatory, planning or other reason, may find that we are prevented from opening a de novo or joint venture facility or modifying an existing facility. Moreover, even when incurring such development capital expenditure, there is no guarantee that we can fill beds when they become available. Upon operational commencement of a de novo or joint venture facility, we typically expect that it will take 10 to 12 months, on average, to reach break-even results. Any delays or stoppages in our projects, the unsatisfactory completion or construction of such projects or the failure of such projects to increase our occupancy levels could have a material adverse effect on our ADC, which would have a corresponding negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The cost of construction materials and labor has significantly increased, and we continue to grow our business through expansion of existing facilities and development of de novo and joint venture facilities. 
 Although we evaluate the financial feasibility of construction projects by determining whether the projected cash flow return on investment exceeds our cost of capital and have implemented efforts to realize efficiencies in our design and construction processes, such returns may not be achieved if the cost of construction continues to rise significantly or the expected patient volumes are not attained. 
 Our business could be disrupted if our information systems fail or if our databases are destroyed or damaged. 
 Our information technology IT platforms support, among other things, management control of patient administration, billing and financial information and reporting processes. For example, patients in some of our facilities have an electronic patient record that allows our caregivers and nurses to see information about a patient s care and treatment. Our IT systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches including credit card or personally identifiable information breaches, vandalism, theft, natural disasters, catastrophic events, human error and potential cyber threats, including malicious codes, worms, phishing attacks, denial of service attacks, ransomware and other sophisticated cyber-attacks, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. Any failure in or breach of our IT systems could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If we do not continually enhance our facilities with the most recent technological advances, our ability to maintain and expand our markets will be adversely affected. 
 As healthcare technology continues to advance, we expect information technology to play a greater role in our marketing and admissions processes and the operation of our facilities. To compete effectively, we must continually assess our automation needs and upgrade when significant technological advances occur. If our facilities do not stay current with technological advances in the healthcare industry, patients may seek treatment from other providers and/or physicians may refer their patients to alternate sources, which could adversely affect our results of operations and harm our business. 
 A cyber security incident could have a material adverse impact on the Company, including substantial sanctions, fines, and damages and civil and criminal penalties under federal and state privacy laws, in addition to reputational harm and increased costs. 
 We have experienced adverse IT events in the past including a criminal ransomware attack on our computer network which resulted in a temporary systems outage, as well as attempts of computer hacking, vandalism and theft, malware, computer viruses, malicious codes, worms, phishing and other cyber-attacks. To date, we have seen no material impact on our business or operations from these attacks or events. However, it is widely reported that healthcare companies are increasingly prime targets for cyber-attacks and we expect our systems to continue to be subject to attack on a regular basis. 
 The proliferation of ever-evolving cyber threats mean that we and our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment, as well as those of any operations we acquire. As cyber criminals continue to become more sophisticated through evolution of their tactics, techniques and procedures, we have taken, and will continue to take, additional preventive measures to strengthen the cyber defenses of our networks and data. T here is no guarantee that these measures will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, system compromises, or misuses of data. 
 We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against the threat of security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by breaches, including unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information stored in our IT systems, and the introduction of computer viruses or other malicious software programs to our systems, and cyber-attacks, email phishing schemes, malware, and ransomware. Moreover, a security breach, or threat thereof, could require that we expend significant resources to repair or improve our information systems and infrastructure and could distract management and other key personnel from performing their primary operational duties. In the event of a material breach or cyber-attack, the associated expenses and losses may exceed our current insurance coverage for such events. In addition, some adverse consequences are not insurable, such as reputational harm and third-party business interruption. 
 A cyber-attack that bypasses our IT security systems, or other adverse IT event, resulting in an IT security breach, loss of PHI or other data subject to privacy laws, loss of proprietary business information, or a material disruption of our IT business systems, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Any successful cybersecurity attack or other unauthorized attempt to access our systems or facilities could result in negative publicity which could damage our reputation or brand with our patients, referral sources, payors, or other third parties and could subject us to substantial sanctions, fines, and damages and civil and criminal penalties under federal and state privacy laws, in addition to litigation with those affected. 
 We may fail to deal with clinical waste in accordance with applicable regulations or otherwise be in breach of relevant medical, health and safety or environmental laws and regulations. 
 As part of our normal business activities, we produce and store clinical waste which may produce effects harmful to the environment or human health. The storage and transportation of such waste is strictly regulated. Our waste disposal services are outsourced and should the relevant service provider fail to comply with relevant regulations, we could face sanctions or fines which could adversely affect our brand, reputation, business or financial condition. Health and safety risks are inherent in the services that we provide and are constantly present in our facilities, primarily in respect of food and water quality, as well as fire safety and the risk that service users may cause harm to themselves, other service users or employees. From time to time, we have experienced, like other providers of similar services, undesirable health and safety incidents. Some of our activities are particularly exposed to significant medical risks relating to the transmission of infections or the prescription and administration of drugs for residents and patients. If any of the above medical or health and safety risks were to materialize, we may be held liable, fined and any registration certificate could be suspended or withdrawn for failure to comply with applicable regulations, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Although we have facilities in 39 states and Puerto Rico, we have substantial operations in Pennsylvania, California, Arizona and Tennessee, which makes us especially sensitive to regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive conditions and changes in those states . 
 Revenue from Pennsylvania, California, Arizona and Tennessee represented approximately 13 , 8 , 6 and 6 of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. This concentration makes us particularly sensitive to legislative, regulatory, economic, environmental and competition changes in those states. Any material change in the current payment programs or regulatory, economic, environmental or competitive conditions in these locations could have a disproportionate effect on our overall business results. If our facilities in these locations are adversely affected by changes in regulatory and economic conditions, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our business and operations are subject to risks related to natural disasters and climate change. 
 Some of our facilities are located in areas prone to hurricanes or wildfires. Natural disasters have historically had a disruptive effect on the operations of facilities and the patient populations in such areas. Our business activities could be significantly disrupted by wildfires, hurricanes or other natural disasters, and our property insurance may not be adequate to cover losses from such wildfires, storms or other natural disasters. Even if our facilities are not directly damaged, we may experience considerable disruptions in our operations due to property damage or electrical outages experienced in storm-affected areas by our personnel, payors, vendors and others. Additionally, long-term adverse weather conditions, whether caused by global climate change or otherwise, could cause an outmigration of people from the communities where our facilities are located. If any of the circumstances described above occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 A pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease in the markets in which we operate or that otherwise impacts our facilities could adversely impact our business. 
 If a pandemic, epidemic, outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, or other public health crisis were to occur in an area in which we operate, our operations could be adversely affected. Such a crisis could diminish the public trust in healthcare facilities, especially facilities with patients affected by infectious diseases. If any of our facilities were involved, or perceived as being involved, in treating such patients, other patients might fail to seek care at our facilities, and our reputation may be negatively affected. Further, a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak might adversely impact our business by causing a temporary shutdown or diversion of patients, by disrupting or delaying production and delivery of pharmaceuticals and other medical supplies or by causing staffing shortages in our facilities. Although we have disaster plans in place and operate pursuant to infectious disease protocols, the potential impact of a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease with respect to our markets or our facilities is difficult to predict and could adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 If we fail to cultivate new or maintain established relationships with referral sources, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our ability to grow or even to maintain our existing level of business depends significantly on our ability to establish and maintain close working relationships with physicians, managed care companies, insurance companies, educational consultants and other referral sources. We may not be able to maintain our existing referral source relationships or develop and maintain new relationships in existing or new markets. If we lose existing relationships with our referral sources, the number of people to whom we provide services may decline, which may adversely affect our revenue. If we fail to develop new referral relationships, our growth may be restrained. 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry, and competition may lead to declines in patient volumes. 
 The healthcare industry is highly competitive, and competition among healthcare providers (including hospitals) for patients, physicians and other healthcare professionals has intensified in recent years. There are other healthcare facilities that provide behavioral and other mental health services comparable to those offered by our facilities in each of the geographical areas in which we operate. Some of our competitors are owned by tax-supported governmental agencies or by non-profit corporations and may have certain financial advantages not available to us, including endowments, charitable contributions, tax-exempt financing and exemptions from sales, property and income taxes. Some of our for-profit competitors are local, independent operators or physician groups with strong established reputations within the surrounding communities, which may adversely affect our ability to attract a sufficiently large number of patients in markets where we compete with such providers. We also face competition from other for-profit entities, who may possess greater financial, marketing or research and development resources than us or may invest more funds in renovating their facilities or developing technology. 
 If our competitors are better able to attract patients, recruit and retain physicians and other healthcare professionals, expand services or obtain favorable managed care contracts at their facilities, we may experience a decline in patient volume and our results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We may be unable to extend leases at expiration, which could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We lease the real property on which a number of our facilities are located. Our lease agreements generally give us the right to renew or extend the term of the leases and, in certain cases, purchase the real property. These renewal and purchase rights generally are based upon either prescribed formulas or fair market value. Management expects to renew, extend or exercise purchase options with respect to our leases in the normal course of business however, there can be no assurance that these rights will be exercised in the future or that we will be able to satisfy the conditions precedent to exercising any such renewal, extension or purchase options. Furthermore, the terms of any such options that are based on fair market value are inherently uncertain and could be unacceptable or unfavorable to us depending on the circumstances at the time of exercise. If we are not able to renew or extend our existing leases, or purchase the real property subject to such leases, at or prior to the end of the existing lease terms, or if the terms of such options are unfavorable or unacceptable to us, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Controls designed to reduce inpatient services may reduce our revenue. 
 Controls imposed by Medicare, Medicaid and commercial third-party payors designed to reduce admissions and lengths of stay, commonly referred to as utilization review, have affected and are expected to continue to affect our facilities. Inpatient utilization, average lengths of stay and occupancy rates continue to be negatively affected by payor-required preadmission authorization and utilization review and by payor pressure to maximize outpatient and alternative healthcare delivery services for less acutely ill patients. Efforts to impose more stringent cost controls are expected to continue. For example, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, expanded the potential use of prepayment review by Medicare contractors by eliminating certain statutory restrictions on its use. Utilization review is also a requirement of most non-governmental managed-care organizations and other third-party payors. Although we are unable to predict the effect these controls and changes will have on our operations, significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed and on reimbursement rates and fees could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Human Capital Risks 
 Our facilities face competition for staffing, labor shortages and higher turnover rates that may increase our labor costs and reduce our profitability. 
 Our operations depend on the efforts, abilities and experience of our management and medical support personnel, including our addiction counselors, therapists, nurses, pharmacists, licensed counselors, clinical technicians, and mental health technicians, as well as our psychiatrists and other professionals. We compete with other healthcare providers in recruiting and retaining qualified management, program directors, physicians (including psychiatrists) and support personnel responsible for the daily operations of our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 A shortage of nurses, qualified addiction counselors and other medical and care support personnel, combined with low unemployment rates for such personnel and intense competition from other healthcare facilities, has been a significant operating issue facing us and other healthcare providers. We may be required to enhance wages and benefits to hire nurses, qualified addiction counselors and other medical and care support personnel, hire more expensive temporary personnel or increase our recruiting and marketing costs relating to labor. We have resorted to using more expensive contract labor at certain of our facilities, and the use of temporary or agency staff could heighten the risk one of our facilities experiences an adverse patient incident. Further, because we generally recruit our personnel from the local area where the relevant facility is located, the availability in certain areas of suitably qualified personnel can be limited, particularly care home management, qualified teaching personnel and nurses. In addition, certain of our facilities are required to maintain specified staffing levels. To the extent we cannot meet those levels, we may be required to limit the services provided by these facilities, which would have a corresponding adverse effect on our net operating revenue. Certain of our treatment facilities are located in remote geographical areas, far from population centers, which increases this risk. 
 We cannot predict the degree to which we will be affected by the future availability or cost of attracting and retaining talented medical support staff. If our general labor and related expenses increase, we may not be able to raise our rates correspondingly. Increased turnover rates within our employee base can lead to decreased efficiency and increased costs, such as increased overtime and use of contract labor to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees. Our failure either to recruit and retain qualified management, psychiatrists, therapists, counselors, nurses and other medical support personnel or control our labor costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain quality psychiatrists and other physicians. 
 The success and competitive advantage of our facilities depends, in part, on the number and quality of the psychiatrists and other physicians on the medical staffs of our facilities and our maintenance of good relations with those medical professionals. Although we 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 employ psychiatrists and other physicians at many of our facilities, psychiatrists and other physicians generally are not employees of our facilities, and, in a number of our markets, they have admitting privileges at competing hospitals providing acute or inpatient behavioral healthcare services. Such physicians (including psychiatrists) may terminate their affiliation with us at any time or admit their patients to competing healthcare facilities or hospitals. If we are unable to attract and retain sufficient numbers of quality psychiatrists and other physicians by providing adequate support personnel and facilities that meet the needs of those psychiatrists and other physicians, they may stop referring patients to our facilities and our results of operations may decline. 
 It may become difficult for us to attract and retain an adequate number of psychiatrists and other physicians to practice in certain of the communities in which our facilities are located. Our failure to recruit psychiatrists and other physicians to these communities or the loss of such medical professionals in these communities could make it more difficult to attract patients to our facilities and thereby may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additionally, our ability to recruit psychiatrists and other physicians is closely regulated. The form, amount and duration of assistance we can provide to recruited psychiatrists and other physicians is limited by the Stark Law, the Anti-Kickback Statute, state anti-kickback statutes, and related regulations. 
 Some of our employees are represented by labor unions and any work stoppage could adversely affect our business. 
 Increased labor union activity could adversely affect our labor costs. At December 31, 2022, labor unions represented approximately 350 of our employees at two of our facilities through four collective bargaining agreements. We cannot assure you that employee relations will remain stable. Furthermore, there is a possibility that work stoppages could occur as a result of union activity, which could increase our labor costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. To the extent that a greater portion of our employee base unionizes and the terms of any collective bargaining agreements are significantly different from our current compensation arrangements, it is possible that our labor costs could increase materially and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We depend on key management personnel, and the departure of one or more of our key executives or a significant portion of our local facility management personnel could harm our business. 
 The expertise and efforts of our senior executives and the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, medical directors, physicians and other key members of our facility management personnel are important to the success of our business. The loss of the services of one or more of our senior executives or our facility management personnel could significantly undermine our management expertise and our ability to provide efficient, quality healthcare services at our facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Legal Proceedings and Regulatory Risks 
 We are and in the future could become the subject of additional governmental investigations, regulatory actions and whistleblower lawsuits. 
 Healthcare companies in the U.S. may be subject to investigations by various governmental agencies. Certain of our individual facilities have received, and from time to time, other facilities may receive, subpoenas, civil investigative demands, audit reports and other inquiries from, and may be subject to investigation by, federal and state agencies. See Note 20 Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements beginning on Page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information about pending investigations. These investigations can result in repayment obligations, and violations of the False Claims Act can result in substantial monetary penalties and fines, the imposition of a corporate integrity agreement and exclusion from participation in governmental health programs. If we incur significant costs responding to or resolving these or future inquiries or investigations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Further, under the False Claims Act, private parties are permitted to bring qui tam or whistleblower lawsuits against companies that submit false claims for payments to, or improperly retain overpayments from, the government. Because qui tam lawsuits are filed under seal, we could be named in one or more such lawsuits of which we are not aware. We may also be subject to substantial reputational harm as a result of the public announcement of any investigation into such claims. 
 We could be subject to monetary penalties and other sanctions, including exclusion from federal healthcare programs, if we fail to comply with the terms of the CIA. 
 During the second quarter of 2019, we reached a settlement with the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of West Virginia relating to the manner in which seven of our CTCs in West Virginia had historically billed lab claims to the West Virginia 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Medicaid Program. D uring the three months ended June 30, 2019 , we entered into the CIA with the OIG imposing c ertain compliance obligations on us and our subsidiary, CRC Health , in connection with such settlement . Material , uncorrected violations of the CIA could lead to our suspension or exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs and repayment obligations. In addition, we are subject to possible civil penalties for failure to substantially comply with the terms of the CIA, including stipulated penalties ranging between 1,000 to 2,500 per day. We are also subject to a stipulated penalty of 50,000 for each false certification made by us or on our behalf, pursuant to the reporting provisions of the CIA. The CIA increases the amount of information we must provide to the federal government regarding our healthcare practices and our compliance with federal regulations. The reports we provide in connection with the CIA could result in greater scrutiny by regulatory authorities. 
 We are and in the future may become involved in legal proceedings based on negligence or breach of a contractual or statutory duty from service users or their family members or from employees or former employees. 
 From time to time, we are subject to complaints and claims from service users and their family members alleging professional negligence, medical malpractice or mistreatment. We are also subject to claims for unlawful detention from time to time when patients allege they should not have been detained under applicable laws and regulations or where the appropriate procedures were not correctly followed. 
 Similarly, there may be substantial claims from employees in respect of personal injuries sustained in the performance of their duties. Current or former employees may also make claims against us in relation to breaches of employment laws. There may also be safeguarding incidents at our facilities which, depending on the circumstances, may result in custodial sentences or other criminal sanctions for the member of staff involved. 
 The incurrence of substantial legal fees, damage awards or other fines as well as the potential impact on our brand or reputation as a result of being involved in any legal proceedings could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We handle sensitive personal data which are protected by numerous U.S. laws in the ordinary course of business and any failure to maintain the confidentiality of such data could result in legal liability and reputational harm. 
 We collect, process and store sensitive personal data as part of our business. In the event of a security breach, sensitive personal data could become public. We are currently not aware of any material incidences of potential data breach however, there can be no assurance that such breaches will not arise in future. Although we have in place policies and procedures to prevent such breaches, breaches could occur either as a result of a breach by our employees or as a result of a breach by a third party to whom we have provided sensitive personal data, and we could face liability under data protection laws. 
 Liability under data protection laws may result in sanctions, including substantial fines and/or compensation to those affected. Additionally, liability may cause us to suffer damage to our brand and reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We carry a large self-insured retention and may be responsible for significant amounts not covered by insurance. In addition, our insurance may be inadequate, premiums may increase and, if there is a significant deterioration in our claims experience, insurance may not be available on acceptable terms. 
 We are subject to medical malpractice lawsuits and other legal actions in the ordinary course of business. Some of these actions may involve large claims, as well as significant defense costs. We cannot predict the outcome of these lawsuits or the effect that findings in such lawsuits may have on us. We maintain liability insurance intended to cover service user, third-party and employee personal injury claims. Due to the structure of our insurance program under which we carry a large self-insured retention, there may be substantial claims in respect of which the liability for damages and costs falls to us before being met by any insurance underwriter. There may also be claims in excess of our insurance coverage or claims which are not covered by our insurance due to other policy limitations or exclusions or where we have failed to comply with the terms of the policy. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain liability insurance coverage in the future on acceptable terms, or without substantial premium increases or at all, particularly if there is a deterioration in our claim experience history. A successful claim against us not covered by or in excess of our insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we fail to comply with extensive laws and government regulations, we could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations. 
 Companies operating in the behavioral healthcare industry in the U.S. are required to comply with extensive and complex laws and regulations at the federal, state and local government levels relating to, among other things: billing practices and prices for services relationships with physicians and other referral sources necessity and quality of medical care condition and adequacy of facilities qualifications of medical and support personnel confidentiality, privacy and security issues associated with health-related 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 information and PHI EMTALA compliance handling of controlled substances certification, licensure and accreditation of our facilities operating policies and procedures activities regarding competitors state and local land use and zoning requirements and addition or expansion of facilities and services. 
 Among the laws applicable to our operations are the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark Law, the federal False Claims Act, the EKRA, and similar state laws. These laws impact the relationships that we may have with physicians and other potential referral sources. We have a variety of financial relationships with physicians and other professionals who refer patients to our facilities, including employment contracts, leases and professional service agreements. The OIG has issued certain safe harbor regulations that outline practices that are deemed acceptable under the Anti-Kickback Statute, and similar regulatory exceptions have been promulgated by CMS under the Stark Law. While we endeavor to ensure that our arrangements with referral sources comply with an applicable safe harbor to the Anti-Kickback Statute where possible, certain of our current arrangements with physicians and other potential referral sources may not qualify for such protection. Failure to meet a safe harbor does not mean that the arrangement automatically violates the Anti-Kickback Statute, but may subject the arrangement to greater scrutiny. Even if our arrangements are found to be in compliance with the Anti-Kickback Statute, they may still face scrutiny under the newly enacted EKRA law. Moreover, while we believe that our arrangements with physicians comply with applicable Stark Law exceptions, the Stark Law is a strict liability statute for which no intent to violate the law is required. 
 Effective January 1, 2022, the No Surprises Act, enacted as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act (the CAA ), creates price transparency requirements, including (i) requiring providers to send to patients or their health plan a good faith estimate of the expected charges and diagnostic codes prior to furnishing scheduled items or services and (ii) prohibiting providers from charging patients an amount beyond the in-network cost sharing amount for services rendered by out-of-network providers, subject to limited exceptions. Price transparency initiatives like the No Surprises Act may impact our ability to obtain or maintain favorable contract terms, and may impact our competitive position and our relationships with patients and insurers. 
 These laws and regulations are extremely complex, and, in many cases, we do not have the benefit of regulatory or judicial interpretation. In the future, it is possible that different interpretations of these laws and regulations could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our arrangements for facilities, equipment, personnel, services, capital expenditure programs and operating expenses. A determination that we have violated one or more of these laws could subject us to liabilities, including civil penalties, exclusion of one or more facilities from participation in the government healthcare programs and, for violations of certain laws and regulations, criminal penalties. Even the public announcement that we are being investigated for possible violations of these laws could cause our reputation to suffer and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we cannot predict whether other similar legislation or regulations at the federal or state level will be adopted, what form such legislation or regulations may take or what their impact on us may be. 
 The construction and operation of healthcare facilities in the U.S. are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation relating to, among other things, the adequacy of medical care, equipment, personnel, operating policies and procedures, fire prevention, rate-setting, compliance with building codes and environmental protection. Additionally, such facilities are subject to periodic inspection by government authorities to assure their continued compliance with these various standards. If we fail to adhere to these standards, we could be subject to monetary penalties or restrictions on our ability to operate. 
 All of our facilities that handle and dispense controlled substances must comply with strict federal and state regulations regarding the purchase, storage, distribution and disposal of such controlled substances. The potential for theft or diversion of such controlled substances for illegal uses has led the federal government as well as a number of states and localities to adopt stringent regulations not applicable to many other types of healthcare providers. Compliance with these regulations is expensive and these costs may increase in the future. 
 Property owners and local authorities have attempted, and may in the future attempt, to use or enact zoning ordinances to eliminate our ability to operate a given treatment facility or program. Local governmental authorities in some cases also have attempted to use litigation and the threat of prosecution to force the closure of certain comprehensive treatment facilities. If any of these attempts were to succeed or if their frequency were to increase, our revenue would be adversely affected and our operating results might be harmed. In addition, such actions may require us to litigate which would increase our costs. 
 Many of our facilities are also accredited by third-party accreditation agencies such as The Joint Commission or CARF. If any of our existing healthcare facilities lose their accreditation or any of our de novo or joint venture facilities fail to receive accreditation, such facilities could become ineligible to receive reimbursement under Medicare or Medicaid. 
 Federal, state and local regulations determine the capacity at which many of our facilities may be operated. State licensing standards require many of our facilities to have minimum staffing levels minimum amounts of residential space per student or patient 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and adhere to other minimum standards. Local regulations require us to follow land use guidelines at many of our fa cilities, including those pertaining to fire safety, sewer capacity and other physical plant matters. 
 We cannot guarantee that current laws, regulations and regulatory assessment methodologies will not be modified or replaced in the future. There can be no assurance that our business, results of operations and financial condition will not be adversely affected by any future regulatory developments or that the cost of compliance with new regulations will not be material. 
 We may be required to spend substantial amounts to comply with statutes and regulations relating to privacy and security of PHI. 
 There are currently numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives in the U.S. addressing patient privacy and information security concerns. In particular, federal regulations issued under HIPAA require our facilities to comply with standards to protect the privacy, security and integrity of PHI. These requirements include the adoption of certain administrative, physical, and technical safeguards development of adequate policies and procedures, training programs and other initiatives to ensure the privacy of PHI is maintained entry into appropriate agreements with so-called business associates and affording patients certain rights with respect to their PHI, including notification of any breaches. Compliance with these regulations requires substantial expenditures, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, our management has spent, and may spend in the future, substantial time and effort on compliance measures. 
 In addition to HIPAA, we are subject to similar, and in some cases more restrictive, state and federal privacy regulations. For example, the federal government and some states impose laws governing the use and disclosure of health information pertaining to mental health and/or substance abuse treatment that are more stringent than the rules that apply to healthcare information generally. As public attention is drawn to the issues of the privacy and security of medical information, states may revise or expand their laws concerning the use and disclosure of health information, or may adopt new laws addressing these subjects. 
 Violations of the privacy and security regulations could subject our operations to substantial civil monetary penalties and substantial other costs and penalties associated with a breach of data security, including criminal penalties. We may also be subject to substantial reputational harm if we experience a substantial security breach involving PHI. 
 We could face risks associated with, or arising out of, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. 
 We are subject to various federal, foreign, state and local laws and regulations that: 

regulate certain activities and operations that may have environmental or health and safety effects, such as the generation, handling and disposal of medical wastes 

impose liability for costs of cleaning up, and damages to natural resources from, past spills, waste disposals on and off-site, or other releases of hazardous materials or regulated substances and 

regulate workplace safety. 

 Compliance with these laws and regulations could increase our costs of operation. Violation of these laws may subject us to significant fines, penalties or disposal costs, which could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We could be responsible for the investigation and remediation of environmental conditions at currently or formerly owned, operated or leased sites, as well as for associated liabilities, including liabilities for natural resource damages, third-party property damage or personal injury resulting from lawsuits that could be brought by the government or private litigants, relating to our operations, the operations of facilities or the land on which our facilities are located. We may be subject to these liabilities regardless of whether we operate, lease or own the facility, and regardless of whether such environmental conditions were created by us or by a prior owner or tenant, or by a third party or a neighboring facility whose operations may have affected such facility or land. That is because liability for contamination under certain environmental laws can be imposed on current or past owners, lessors or operators of a site without regard to fault. We cannot assure you that environmental conditions relating to our prior, existing or future sites or those of predecessor companies whose liabilities we may have assumed or acquired will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 State efforts to regulate the construction or expansion of healthcare facilities could impair our ability to operate and expand our operations. 
 A majority of the states in which we operate facilities have enacted CON laws that regulate the construction or expansion of healthcare facilities, certain capital expenditures or changes in services or bed capacity. In giving approval for these actions, these states consider the need for additional or expanded healthcare facilities or services. Our failure to obtain necessary state approval could (i) result in our inability to acquire a targeted facility, complete a desired expansion or make a desired replacement, (ii) make a 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 facility ineligible to receive reimbursement under the Medicare or Medicaid programs or (iii) result in the revocation of a facility s license or imposition of civil or criminal penalties, any of which could harm our business. 
 In addition, significant CON reforms have been proposed in a number of states that would increase the capital spending thresholds and provide exemptions of various services from review requirements. In the past, we have not experienced any material adverse effects from such requirements, but we cannot predict the impact of these changes upon our operations. 
 We are required to treat patients with emergency medical conditions regardless of ability to pay. 
 In accordance with our internal policies and procedures, as well as EMTALA, we provide a medical screening examination to any individual who comes to one of our hospitals seeking medical treatment (whether or not such individual is eligible for insurance benefits and regardless of ability to pay) to determine if such individual has an emergency medical condition. If it is determined that such person has an emergency medical condition, we provide such further medical examination and treatment as is required to stabilize the patient s medical condition, within the facility s capability, or arrange for the transfer of the individual to another medical facility in accordance with applicable law and the treating hospital s written procedures. Our hospitals may face substantial civil penalties if we fail to provide appropriate screening and stabilizing treatment or fail to facilitate other appropriate transfers as required by EMTALA. 
 We are subject to taxation in the U.S., Puerto Rico and various state jurisdictions. Any adverse development in the tax laws of such jurisdictions or any disagreement with our tax positions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, our effective tax rate could change materially as a result of changes in tax laws. 
 We are subject to taxation in, and to the tax laws and regulations of, the U.S., Puerto Rico and various state jurisdictions as a result of our operations and our corporate and financing structure. Adverse developments in these tax laws or regulations, or any change in position regarding the application, administration or interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, the tax authorities in any applicable jurisdiction may disagree with the tax treatment or characterization of any of our transactions, which, if successfully challenged by such tax authorities, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Certain changes in the mix of our earnings between jurisdictions and assumptions used in the calculation of income taxes, among other factors, could have a material adverse effect on our overall effective tax rate. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Provisions of our charter documents or Delaware law could delay or prevent an acquisition of us, even if the acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders, and could make it more difficult for stockholders to change management. 
 Provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. This is because these provisions may prevent or frustrate attempts by stockholders to replace or remove our management. These provisions include: 

a classified board of directors 

a prohibition on stockholder action through written consent 

a requirement that special meetings of stockholders be called only upon a resolution approved by a majority of our directors then in office 

advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations and 

the authority of the board of directors to issue preferred stock with such terms as the board of directors may determine. 

 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, generally a person that together with its affiliates owns or within the last three years has owned 15 of voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Although we have elected not to be subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that have the same effect as Section 203, except that they provide that Waud Capital Partners, L.L.C. WCP ), its affiliates and any investment fund managed by WCP will be deemed to have been approved by our board of directors, and thereby not subject to the restrictions set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that have the same effect as Section 203 of the DGCL. Accordingly, the 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that adopts a modified version of Section 203 of the DGCL may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us. 
 As a result of these provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law, the price investors may be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock may be limited. 
 Fluctuations in our operating results, quarter to quarter earnings and other factors, including factors outside our control, may result in significant decreases in the price of our common stock. 
 The stock markets experience volatility, in some cases unrelated to operating performance. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and, as a result, there may be significant volatility in the market price of our common stock. If we are unable to operate our facilities as profitably as we have in the past or as our investors expect us to in the future, the market price of our common stock will likely decline when it becomes apparent that the market expectations may not be realized. In addition to our operating results, many economic and other factors outside of our control could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock and increase fluctuations in our quarterly earnings. These factors include certain of the risks discussed herein, outcomes of political elections, demographic changes, operating results of other healthcare companies, changes in our financial estimates or recommendations of securities analysts, speculation in the press or investment community, the possible effects of war, terrorist and other hostilities, adverse weather conditions, climate change, the impact of a pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease, managed care contract negotiations and terminations, changes in general conditions in the economy or the financial markets or other developments affecting the healthcare industry. 
 Future sales of common stock by our existing stockholders may cause our stock price to fall. 
 The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales by us or our existing stockholders, particularly our largest stockholders, our directors and executive officers, in the market, or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales might also make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities at a time and price that we deem appropriate. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they were to change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish regular reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline. 
 We incur substantial costs as a result of being a public company. 
 As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements. We incur costs associated with complying with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), and related rules implemented by the SEC and NASDAQ. Enacted in July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act contains significant corporate governance and executive compensation-related provisions, some of which the SEC has implemented by adopting additional rules and regulations in areas such as executive compensation. The expenses incurred by public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. Management expects these laws and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly, although management is currently unable to estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. These laws and regulations could make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as our executive officers. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties. 
 The following table lists, by state or country, the number of behavioral healthcare facilities directly or indirectly owned and operated by us at December 31, 2022: 

State 

Facilities 

Operated Beds 

Alaska 

1 

Arizona 

4 

481 

Arkansas 

6 

785 

California 

25 

496 

Delaware 

3 

130 

Florida 

12 

481 

Georgia 

9 

390 

Illinois 

2 

252 

Indiana 

10 

337 

Iowa 

2 

Kansas 

1 

Kentucky 

1 

Louisiana 

6 

467 

Maine 

5 

Maryland 

3 

Massachusetts 

14 

263 

Michigan 

4 

346 

Mississippi 

3 

496 

Missouri 

6 

580 

Nevada 

3 

134 

New Hampshire 

2 

New Jersey 

1 

New Mexico 

1 

46 

North Carolina 

10 

503 

Ohio 

6 

290 

Oklahoma 

4 

108 

Oregon 

7 

Pennsylvania 

29 

1,729 

Rhode Island 

2 

South Carolina 

1 

63 

South Dakota 

1 

126 

Tennessee 

14 

985 

Texas 

5 

567 

Utah 

6 

147 

Vermont 

1 

Virginia 

9 

442 

Washington 

9 

137 

West Virginia 

7 

Wisconsin 

14 

35 

Puerto Rico 

1 

172 

250 

10,988 

See Item 1. Business U.S. Operations for a summary description of the facilities that we own and lease. In addition, we currently lease approximately 61,000 square feet of office space at 6100 Tower Circle, Franklin, Tennessee, for our corporate headquarters. Our headquarters and facilities are generally well maintained and in good operating condition. 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 20 Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements beginning on Page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our common stock is listed for trading on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol ACHC. 
 Stockholders 
 As of February 28, 2023, there were approximately 541 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company withheld shares of Company common stock to satisfy employee minimum statutory tax withholding obligations payable upon the vesting of restricted stock, as follows: 

Period 

Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased 

Average Price 
 Paid per Share 

Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased 
 as Part of 
 Publicly 
 Announced 
 Plans or 
 Programs 

Maximum 
 Number of 
 Shares that 
 May Yet Be 
 Purchased 
 Under the 
 Plans or 
 Programs 

October 1 October 31 

2,502 

82.34 

November 1 November 30 

1,151 

79.40 

December 1 December 31 

Total 

3,653 

Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business and to repay indebtedness, and therefore we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Additionally, because we are a holding company, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is limited by restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions to us, including restrictions under the terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to compliance with covenants in current and future agreements governing our indebtedness (including our New Credit Facility and the indenture governing our Senior Notes), and will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any statements that address future results or occurrences. In some cases you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, might, will, would, should, could or the negative thereof. Generally, the words anticipate, believe, continue, expect, intend, estimate, project, plan and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. In particular, statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance contained are forward-looking statements. 
 We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections. While we believe these expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside of our control, which could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 

the impact of competition for staffing, labor shortages and higher turnover rates on our labor costs and profitability 

the impact of increases in inflation and rising interest rates 

compliance with laws and government regulations 

our indebtedness, our ability to meet our debt obligations, and our ability to incur substantially more debt 

the impact of payments received from the government and third-party payors on our revenue and results of operations 

the impact of volatility in the global capital and credit markets, as well as significant developments in macroeconomic and political conditions that are out of our control 

the impact of general economic and employment conditions, including increased construction and other costs due to inflation, on our business and future results of operations 

difficulties in successfully integrating the operations of acquired facilities or realizing the potential benefits and synergies of our acquisitions and joint ventures 

our ability to recruit and retain quality psychiatrists and other physicians, nurses, counselors and other medical support personnel 

the occurrence of patient incidents, which could result in negative media coverage, adversely affect the price of our securities and result in incremental regulatory burdens and governmental investigations 

the impact of claims brought against us or our facilities including claims for damages for personal injuries, medical malpractice, overpayments, breach of contract, securities law violations, tort and employee related claims 

the impact of governmental investigations, regulatory actions and whistleblower lawsuits 

any failure to comply with the terms of the Company s corporate integrity agreement with the OIG 

the impact of healthcare reform in the U.S. 

our acquisition, joint venture and wholly-owned de novo strategies, which expose us to a variety of operational and financial risks, as well as legal and regulatory risks 

the impact of state efforts to regulate the construction or expansion of healthcare facilities on our ability to operate and expand our operations 

our ability to implement our business strategies 

the impact of disruptions on our inpatient and outpatient volumes caused by pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of infectious diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic 

 37 
 
 Table of Contents 

our dependence on key management personnel, key executives and local facility management personnel 

our restrictive covenants, which may restrict our business and financing activities 

the impact of adverse weather conditions and climate change, including the effects of hurricanes, wildfires and other natural disasters, and any resulting outmigration 

the risk of a cyber-security incident and any resulting adverse impact on our operations or violation of laws and regulations regarding information privacy 

our future cash flow and earnings 

the impact of our highly competitive industry on patient volumes 

our ability to cultivate and maintain relationships with referral sources 

the impact of the trend for insurance companies and managed care organizations to enter into sole source contracts on our ability to obtain patients 

the impact of value-based purchasing programs on our revenue 

our potential inability to extend leases at expiration 

the impact of controls designed to reduce inpatient services on our revenue 

the impact of different interpretations of accounting principles on our results of operations or financial condition 

the impact of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, especially in locations where we have concentrated operations 

the impact of laws and regulations relating to privacy and security of patient health information and standards for electronic transactions 

the impact of a change in the mix of our earnings, adverse changes in our effective tax rate and adverse developments in tax laws generally 

changes in interpretations, assumptions and expectations regarding recent tax legislation, including provisions of the CARES Act and additional guidance that may be issued by federal and state taxing authorities 

failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting 

the impact of fluctuations in our operating results, quarter to quarter earnings and other factors on the price of our securities and 

those risks and uncertainties described from time to time in our filings with the SEC. 

 Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties may cause our actual future results to be materially different than those expressed in our forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We do not undertake and specifically decline any obligation to update any such statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any such statements to reflect future events or developments. 
 Overview 
 Our business strategy is to acquire and develop behavioral healthcare facilities and improve our operating results within our facilities and our other behavioral healthcare operations. We strive to improve the operating results of our facilities by providing high-quality services, expanding referral networks and marketing initiatives while meeting the increased demand for behavioral healthcare services through expansion of our current locations as well as developing new services within existing locations. At December 31, 2022, we operated 250 behavioral healthcare facilities with approximately 11,000 beds in 39 states and Puerto Rico. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we added 560 beds, consisting of 290 added to existing facilities and 270 added through the opening of one wholly-owned facility and two joint venture facilities, and we opened seven CTCs. For the year ending December 31, 2023, we expect to add approximately 300 beds through additions to existing facilities, and we expect to open two wholly-owned facilities, two joint venture facilities and at least six CTCs. 
 We are the leading publicly traded pure-play provider of behavioral healthcare services in the U.S. Management believes that we are positioned as a leading platform in a highly fragmented industry under the direction of an experienced management team that has significant industry expertise. Management expects to take advantage of several strategies that are more accessible as a result of 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 our increased size and geographic scale, including continuing a national marketing strategy to attract new patients and referral sources, increasing our volume of out-of-state referrals, providing a broader range of services to new and existing patients and clients and selectively pursuing opportunities to expand our facility and bed count in the U.S. through acquisitions, wholly-owned de novo facilities, joint ventures and bed additions in existing facilities. 
 On January 19, 2021, we completed the U.K. Sale pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement in which we sold all of the securities of AHC-WW Jersey Limited, a private limited liability company incorporated in Jersey and a subsidiary of the Company, which constituted the entirety of our U.K. operations. The U.K. Sale resulted in approximately 1,525 million of gross proceeds before deducting the settlement of existing foreign currency hedging liabilities of 85 million based on the current GBP to USD exchange rate, cash retained by the buyer and transaction costs. We used the net proceeds of approximately 1,425 million (excluding cash retained by the buyer) along with cash from the balance sheet to reduce debt by 1,640 million during the first quarter of 2021. As a result of the U.K. Sale, we reported, for all periods presented, results of operations and cash flows of the U.K. operations as discontinued operations in the accompanying financial statements. 
 Acquisitions 
 On November 7, 2022, we acquired four CTCs located in Georgia from Brand New Start. 
 On December 31, 2021, we acquired the equity of CenterPointe for cash consideration of approximately 140 million. The acquisition was funded through a combination of cash on hand and a 70.0 million draw on the Revolving Facility. At the time of the acquisition, CenterPointe operated four acute inpatient hospitals with 306 beds and ten outpatient locations primarily in Missouri. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table illustrates our consolidated results of operations for the respective periods shown (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Amount 

Amount 

Amount 

Revenue 

2,610,399 

100.0 

2,314,394 

100.0 

2,089,929 

100.0 

Salaries, wages and benefits 

1,393,434 

53.4 

1,243,804 

53.7 

1,154,522 

55.2 

Professional fees 

158,013 

6.1 

136,739 

5.9 

120,489 

5.8 

Supplies 

100,200 

3.8 

90,702 

3.9 

87,241 

4.2 

Rents and leases 

45,462 

1.7 

38,519 

1.7 

37,362 

1.8 

Other operating expenses 

349,277 

13.4 

301,339 

13.0 

262,272 

12.5 

Income from provider relief fund 

(21,451 

(0.8 

(17,900 

(0.8 

(32,819 

(1.6 

Depreciation and amortization 

117,769 

4.5 

106,717 

4.6 

95,256 

4.6 

Interest expense, net 

69,760 

2.7 

76,993 

3.3 

158,105 

7.6 

Debt extinguishment costs 

0.0 

24,650 

1.1 

7,233 

0.3 

Loss on impairment 

0.0 

24,293 

1.0 

4,751 

0.2 

Transaction-related expenses 

23,792 

0.9 

12,778 

0.6 

11,720 

0.6 

2,236,256 

85.7 

2,038,634 

88.0 

1,906,132 

91.2 

Income from continuing operations 
 before income taxes 

374,143 

14.3 

275,760 

12.0 

183,797 

8.8 

Provision for income taxes 

94,110 

3.6 

67,557 

2.9 

40,606 

1.9 

Income from continuing operations 

280,033 

10.7 

208,203 

8.9 

143,191 

6.8 

Loss from discontinued 
 operations, net of taxes 

0.0 

(12,641 

(0.5 

(812,390 

(38.9 

Net income (loss) 

280,033 

10.7 

195,562 

8.4 

(669,199 

(32.0 

Net income attributable to 
 noncontrolling interests 

(6,894 

(0.3 

(4,927 

(0.2 

(2,933 

(0.1 

Net income (loss) attributable to Acadia 
 Healthcare Company, Inc. 

273,139 

10.4 

190,635 

8.2 

(672,132 

(32.2 

We are encouraged by the favorable trends in our business and believe we are well positioned to capitalize on the expected growth in demand for behavioral health services. As with many other healthcare providers and other industries across the country, we are currently dealing with a tight labor market. While we experienced higher wage inflation in 2022 compared to previous years, we believe the diversity of our markets and service lines and our proactive focus helps us manage through this environment. We remain focused on ensuring that we have the level of staff to meet the demand in our markets across our 39 states and Puerto Rico. 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table sets forth percent changes in same facility operating data for our continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 compared to the previous years : 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

U.S. Same Facility Results (a) 

Revenue growth 

9.2 

10.9 

Patient days growth 

2.5 

4.3 

Admissions growth 

(1.0) 

3.5 

Average length of stay change (b) 

3.6 

0.8 

Revenue per patient day growth 

6.5 

6.3 

Adjusted EBITDA margin change (c) 

70 bps 

150 bps 

Adjusted EBITDA margin excluding income 
 from provider relief fund (d) 

60 bps 

220 bps 

(a) 
 
 Results for the periods presented include facilities we have operated more than one year and exclude certain closed services. 

(b) 
 
 Average length of stay is defined as patient days divided by admissions. 

(c) 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is defined as income before provision for income taxes, equity-based compensation expense, debt extinguishment costs, loss on impairment, transaction-related expenses, interest expense and depreciation and amortization. Management uses Adjusted EBITDA as an analytical indicator to measure performance and to develop strategic objectives and operating plans. Adjusted EBITDA is commonly used as an analytical indicator within the healthcare industry, and also serves as a measure of leverage capacity and debt service ability. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as a measure of financial performance under GAAP, and the items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA are significant components in understanding and assessing financial performance. Because Adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement determined in accordance with GAAP and is thus susceptible to varying calculations, Adjusted EBITDA, as presented, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. 

(d) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, excludes income from provider relief fund of 21.5 million, 17.9 million and 32.8 million, respectively. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Revenue. Revenue increased 296.0 million, or 12.8 , to 2,610.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2,314.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Same facility revenue increased by 210.9 million, or 9.2 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting from same facility growth in patient days of 2.5 , an increase in same facility revenue per day of 6.5 and an increase in the average length of stay of 3.6 . Consistent with the same facility patient day growth in 2021, the growth in same facility patient days for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted from the addition of beds to our existing facilities and ongoing demand for our services. 
 Salaries, wages and benefits. Salaries, wages and benefits SWB expense was 1,393.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1,243.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 149.6 million. SWB expense included 29.6 million and 37.5 million of equity-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Excluding equity-based compensation expense, SWB expense was 1,363.8 million, or 52.2 of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,206.3 million, or 52.1 of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Same facility SWB expense was 1,208.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 48.3 of revenue, compared to 1,112.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 48.5 of revenue. 
 Professional fees. Professional fees were 158.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 6.1 of revenue, compared to 136.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 5.9 of revenue. Same facility professional fees were 132.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 5.3 of revenue, compared to 124.1 million, for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 5.4 of revenue. 
 Supplies. Supplies expense was 100.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 3.8 of revenue, compared to 90.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 3.9 of revenue. Same facility supplies expense was 94.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 3.8 of revenue, compared to 89.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 3.9 of revenue. 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Rents and leases. Rents and leases were 45.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , or 1.7 of revenue, compared to 38.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 , or 1.7 of revenue. Same facility rents and leases were 37.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , or 1. 5 of revenue, compared to 35.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 , or 1. 5 of revenue. 
 Other operating expenses. Other operating expenses consisted primarily of purchased services, utilities, insurance, travel and repairs and maintenance expenses. Other operating expenses were 349.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 13.4 of revenue, compared to 301.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 13.0 of revenue. Same facility other operating expenses were 314.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 12.6 of revenue, compared to 290.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 12.6 of revenue. 
 Income from provider relief fund. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded 21.5 million of income from provider relief fund related to PHSSE Fund and ARP funds received in 2021 and 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded 17.9 million of income from provider relief fund related to PHSSE Fund funds received in 2021 and 2020. 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense was 117.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 4.5 of revenue, compared to 106.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 4.6 of revenue. 
 Interest expense. Interest expense was 69.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 77.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in interest expense was primarily the result of a significant reduction to outstanding debt in connection with the U.K. Sale. 
 Debt extinguishment costs. Debt extinguishment costs were 24.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and represented 6.3 million of cash charges and 18.4 million of non-cash charges in connection with the redemption of the 5.625 Senior Notes and the 6.500 Senior Notes and the termination of the Prior Credit Facility. 
 Loss on impairment. Loss on impairment was 24.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the second quarter of 2021, we opened a 260-bed replacement facility in Pennsylvania and recorded a non-cash property impairment charge of 23.2 million for the existing facility. Additionally, during the third quarter of 2021, we recorded a 1.1 million non-cash property impairment charge for one facility in Louisiana resulting from hurricane damage. 
 Transaction-related expenses. Transaction-related expenses were 23.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 12.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Transaction-related expenses represent legal, accounting, termination, restructuring, management transition, acquisition and other similar costs incurred in the respective periods, as summarized below (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Management transition costs 

11,575 

Termination and restructuring costs 

6,476 

5,343 

Legal, accounting and other acquisition-related costs 

5,741 

7,435 

23,792 

12,778 

Discontinued Operations. Loss from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 12.6 million. 
 Provision for income taxes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the provision for income taxes was 94.1 million, reflecting an effective tax rate of 25.2 , compared to 67.6 million, reflecting an effective tax rate of 24.5 , for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Revenue. Revenue increased 224.5 million, or 10.7 , to 2,314.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 2,089.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Same facility revenue increased by 225.6 million, or 10.9 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, resulting from same facility growth in patient days of 4.3 and an increase in same facility revenue per day of 6.3 . Consistent with the same facility patient day growth in 2020, the growth in same 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 facility patient days for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 resulted from the addition of beds to our existing facilities and ongoing demand for our services. 
 Salaries, wages and benefits. SWB expense was 1,243.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 1,154.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 89.3 million. SWB expense included 37.5 million and 22.5 million of equity-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Excluding equity-based compensation expense, SWB expense was 1,206.3 million, or 52.1 of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 1,132.0 million, or 54.2 of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2020. Same facility SWB expense was 1,115.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 48.5 of revenue, compared to 1,049.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, or 50.6 of revenue. 
 Professional fees. Professional fees were 136.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 5.9 of revenue, compared to 120.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, or 5.8 of revenue. Same facility professional fees were 123.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 5.4 of revenue, compared to 108.0 million, for the year ended December 31, 2020, or 5.2 of revenue. 
 Supplies. Supplies expense was 90.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 3.9 of revenue, compared to 87.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, or 4.2 of revenue. Same facility supplies expense was 89.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 3.9 of revenue, compared to 86.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, or 4.2 of revenue. 
 Rents and leases. Rents and leases were 38.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 1.7 of revenue, compared to 37.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, or 1.8 of revenue. Same facility rents and leases were 34.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 1.5 of revenue, compared to 34.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, or 1.6 of revenue. 
 Other operating expenses. Other operating expenses consisted primarily of purchased services, utilities, insurance, travel and repairs and maintenance expenses. Other operating expenses were 301.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 13.0 of revenue, compared to 262.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, or 12.5 of revenue. Same facility other operating expenses were 286.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 12.4 of revenue, compared to 256.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, or 12.3 of revenue. 
 Income from provider relief fund. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded 17.9 million of income from provider relief fund related to PHSSE Fund funds received in 2021 and 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded 32.8 million of income from provider relief fund related to 34.9 million of PHSSE Fund funds received from April through December 2020. Our recognition of this income in the fourth quarter of 2020 was based on revised guidance in the CAA enacted in December 2020. 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense was 106.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 4.6 of revenue, compared to 95.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, or 4.6 of revenue. 
 Interest expense. Interest expense was 77.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 158.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in interest expense was primarily the result of a significant reduction to outstanding debt in connection with the U.K. Sale. 
 Debt extinguishment costs. Debt extinguishment costs were 24.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and represented 6.3 million of cash charges and 18.4 million of non-cash charges in connection with the redemption of the 5.625 Senior Notes and the 6.500 Senior Notes and the termination of the Prior Credit Facility. Debt extinguishment costs were 7.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 and represented 1.4 million of cash charges and 5.8 million of non-cash charges recorded in connection with the redemption of the 6.125 Senior Notes and the 5.125 Senior Notes, the issuance of the 5.000 Senior Notes and the Fourth Repricing Facilities Amendment. 
 Loss on impairment. Loss on impairment was 24.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the second quarter of 2021, we opened a 260-bed replacement facility in Pennsylvania and recorded a non-cash property impairment charge of 23.2 million for the existing facility. Additionally, during the third quarter of 2021, we recorded a 1.1 million non-cash property impairment charge for one facility in Louisiana resulting from hurricane damage. Loss on impairment of 4.8 million for the year end December 
 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 31, 2020 represents a non-cash long-lived asset impairment charge of 4.2 million and 0.6 million related to indefinite-lived asset impairment related to closed facilities in the U.S. 
 Transaction-related expenses. Transaction-related expenses were 12.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 11.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Transaction-related expenses represent legal, accounting, termination, restructuring, strategic review and other similar costs incurred in the respective periods, as summarized below (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2021 

2020 

Legal, accounting and other acquisition-related costs 

7,435 

8,252 

Termination and restructuring costs 

5,343 

3,468 

12,778 

11,720 

Discontinued Operations. Loss from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 12.6 million compared to loss from discontinued operations of 812.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The year ended December 31, 2020 included a loss on sale of 867.3 million related to the U.K. operations and a non-cash long-lived asset impairment charge of 20.2 million related to the decision to close certain U.K. elderly care facilities. 
 Provision for income taxes. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the provision for income taxes was 67.6 million, reflecting an effective tax rate of 24.5 , compared to 40.6 million, reflecting an effective tax rate of 22.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to our recognition of a deferred tax liability as a result of a change in our previous permanent reinvestment assertion and non-recurring impacts of U.S. and U.K. tax legislation enacted in 2020. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Cash provided by continuing operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 380.6 million compared to 374.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Operating cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 included net government relief funds paid of approximately 39.1 million, which consisted of 19.4 million of payroll tax deferral payments and repayment of 20.1 million of Medicare advance payments offset by net receipts of 0.4 million of provider relief fund payments. Operating cash flows were impacted by an increase in earnings, a reduction in cash paid for interest and an increase in tax payments during the year ended December 31, 2022. Operating cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 included government relief funds paid of approximately 38.1 million, which consisted of 19.4 million of payroll tax deferral payments and repayment of 25.1 million of Medicare advance payments, offset by net receipts of 6.4 million of provider relief fund payments. Days sales outstanding at December 31, 2022 was 44 compared to 42 at December 31, 2021. 
 Cash used in continuing investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 305.8 million compared to cash provided by continuing investing activities of 1,013.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash used in continuing investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily consisted of payments of 296.1 million of cash paid for capital expenditures, 9.5 million of cash paid for acquisitions and 7.2 million of cash paid for other, offset by proceeds from the sale of property and equipment of 7.1 million. Cash paid for capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 296.1 million, consisting of routine or maintenance capital expenditures of 60.5 million and expansion capital expenditures of 235.6 million. We define expansion capital expenditures as those that increase the capacity of our facilities or otherwise enhance revenue. Routine or maintenance capital expenditures, including information technology capital expenditures, were approximately 2 of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash provided by continuing investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily consisted of proceeds from the U.K. Sale of 1,511.0 million, proceeds from the sale of property and equipment of 3.5 million offset by 244.8 million of cash paid for capital expenditures, 139.0 million of cash paid for acquisitions, 84.8 million of settlement of foreign currency derivatives, 31.4 million of cash paid for purchase of finance lease and 1.4 million of cash paid for other. Cash paid for capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 244.8 million, consisting of routine or maintenance capital expenditures of 41.8 million and expansion capital expenditures of 203.0 million. 
 Cash used in continuing financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 110.9 million compared to 1,636.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash used in continuing financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily consisted of principal payments on revolving credit facility of 95.0 million, principal payments on long-term debt of 18.6 million, repurchase of shares for payroll tax witholdings, net of proceeds from stock option exercises of 6.2 million, acquisition of ownership interests from noncontrolling partners of 5.5 million and distributions to noncontrolling partners in joint ventures of 1.0 million, offset by contributions from noncontrolling partners in joint ventures of 15.4 million and other of 0.1 million. Cash 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 used in continuing financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily consisted of repayment of long-term debt of 2,227.9 million, principal payments on revolving credit facility of 330.0 million, principal payments on long-term debt of 8.0 million, payment of debt issuance costs of 8.0 million, other of 6.9 million and distributions to noncontrolling partners in joint ventures of 1.6 million , offset by borrowing on long-term debt of 425.0 million, borrowings on revolving credit facility of 500.0 million , repurchase of shares for payroll tax withholdings, net of proceeds from stock option exercises of 16.3 million and contributions from noncontrolling partners in joint ventures of 4.5 million. 
 We had total available cash and cash equivalents of 97.6 million, 133.8 million and 378.7 million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which approximately 3.7 million, 20.1 million and 17.0 million was held by our foreign subsidiaries, respectively. Our strategic plan does not require the repatriation of foreign cash in order to fund our operations in the U.S. 
 New Credit Facility 
 We entered into a credit agreement establishing the New Credit Facility on March 17, 2021. The New Credit Facility provides for a 600.0 million Revolving Facility and a 425.0 million Term Loan Facility with each maturing on March 17, 2026 unless extended in accordance with the terms of the New Credit Facility. The Revolving Facility further provides for (i) up to 20.0 million to be utilized for the issuance of letters of credit and (ii) the availability of a swingline facility under which we may borrow up to 20.0 million. 
 As a part of the closing of the New Credit Facility on March 17, 2021, we (i) refinanced and terminated the Prior Credit Facility and (ii) financed the redemption of all of the outstanding 5.625 Senior Notes. 
 We had 521.6 million of availability under the Revolving Facility and had standby letters of credit outstanding of 3.4 million related to security for the payment of claims required by our workers compensation insurance program at December 31, 2022. 
 During the third quarter of 2021, we repaid 60.0 million of the initial 160.0 million balance outstanding on the Revolving Facility. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we had a draw of 70.0 million on the Revolving Facility related to the CenterPointe acquisition. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repaid 95.0 million of the balance outstanding on the Revolving Facility. 
 The New Credit Facility requires quarterly principal repayments for the Term Loan Facility of 5.3 million for March 31, 2023 to March 31, 2024, 8.0 million for June 30, 2024 to March 31, 2025, 10.6 million for June 30, 2025 to December 31, 2025, with the remaining principal balance of the Term Loan Facility due on the maturity date of March 17, 2026. 
 We have the ability to increase the amount of the Senior Facilities, which may take the form of increases to the Revolving Facility or the Term Loan Facility or the issuance of one or more incremental term loan facilities (collectively, the Incremental Facilities ), upon obtaining additional commitments from new or existing lenders and the satisfaction of customary conditions precedent for such Incremental Facilities. Such Incremental Facilities may not exceed the sum of (i) the greater of 480.0 million and an amount equal to 100 of the Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the New Credit Facility) of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the New Credit Facility) (as determined for the four fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial statements are available), and (ii) additional amounts so long as, after giving effect thereto, the Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the New Credit Facility) does not exceed 3.5 to 1.0. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, substantially all of our existing and subsequently acquired or organized direct or indirect wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries are required to guarantee the repayment of our obligations under the New Credit Facility. Borrowings under the Senior Facilities bear interest at a floating rate, which will initially be, at our option, either (i) adjusted LIBOR plus 1.375 or (ii) an alternative base rate plus 0.375 (in each case, subject to adjustment based on the Company s consolidated total net leverage ratio). An unused fee initially set at 0.20 per annum (subject to adjustment based on the Company s consolidated total net leverage ratio) is payable quarterly in arrears based on the actual daily undrawn portion of the commitments in respect of the Revolving Facility. 
 The interest rates and the unused line fee on unused commitments related to the Senior Facilities are based upon the following pricing tiers: 

Pricing Tier 

Consolidated 
 Leverage Ratio 

Eurodollar 
 Rate Loans 

Base Rate 
 Loans 

Commitment 
 Fee 

1 

4.50:1.0 

2.250 

1.250 

0.350 

2 

4.50:1.0 but 3.75:1.0 

2.000 

1.000 

0.300 

3 

3.75:1.0 but 3.00:1.0 

1.750 

0.750 

0.250 

4 

3.00:1.0 but 2.25:1.0 

1.500 

0.500 

0.200 

5 

2.25:1.0 

1.375 

0.375 

0.200 

44 
 
 Table of Contents 

The New Credit Facility contains customary representations and affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations on the Company s and its subsidiaries ability to incur additional debt, grant or permit additional liens, make investments and acquisitions, merge or consolidate with others, dispose of assets, pay dividends and distributions, pay junior indebtedness and enter into affiliate transactions, in each case, subject to customary exceptions. In addition, the New Credit Facility contains financial covenants requiring the Company on a consolidated basis to maintain, as of the last day of any consecutive four fiscal quarter period, a consolidated total net leverage ratio of not more than 5.0 to 1.0 and an interest coverage ratio of at least 3.0 to 1.0. The New Credit Facility also includes events of default customary for facilities of this type and upon the occurrence of such events of default, among other things, all outstanding loans under the Senior Facilities may be accelerated and/or the lenders commitments terminated. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with such covenants. 
 Prior Credit Facility 
 We entered into a credit agreement establishing a senior secured credit facility (the Senior Secured Credit Facility on April 1, 2011. On December 31, 2012, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement establishing the Prior Credit Facility, which amended and restated the Senior Secured Credit Facility. We amended the Prior Credit Facility from time to time as described in our prior filings with the SEC. 
 On April 21, 2020, we entered into the Thirteenth Amendment to the Prior Credit Facility. The Thirteenth Amendment amended the Consolidated Leverage Ratio in the prior covenant to increase such leverage ratio for the rest of 2020. 
 On November 13, 2020, we entered into the Fourth Repricing Facilities Amendment to the Prior Credit Facility. The Fourth Repricing Facilities Amendment extended the maturity date of each of the prior revolving line of credit and the TLA Facility from November 30, 2021 to November 30, 2022. The Fourth Repricing Facilities Amendment also (1) replaced the revolving line of credit in an aggregate committed amount of 500.0 million with an aggregate committed amount of approximately 459.0 million and (2) replaced the TLA Facility aggregate outstanding principal amount of approximately 352.4 million with an aggregate principal amount of approximately 318.9 million. The interest rate margin applicable to both facilities remained unchanged from the prior facilities, and the commitment fee applicable to the new revolving line of credit also remained unchanged from the prior revolving line of credit. In connection with the Fourth Repricing Facilities Amendment, we recorded a debt extinguishment charge of 1.0 million, including the write-off of discount and deferred financing costs, which was recorded in debt extinguishment costs in the consolidated statement of operations at December 31, 2020. 
 On January 5, 2021, we made a voluntary payment of 105.0 million on the Tranche B-4 Facility. On January 19, 2021, we used a portion of the net proceeds from the U.K. Sale to repay the outstanding balances of 3 11.7 million of the TLA Facility and 767.9 million of the Tranche B-4 Facility. As a part of the closing of the New Credit Facility on March 17, 2021, we refinanced and terminated the Prior Credit Facility . At March 31, 2021, in connection with the termination of the Prior Credit Facility, we recorded a debt extinguishment charge of 10.9 million, including the write-off of discount and deferred financing costs, which was recorded in debt extinguishment costs in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Senior Notes 
 5.500 Senior Notes due 2028 
 On June 24, 2020, we issued 450.0 million of the 5.500 Senior Notes due 2028. The 5.500 Senior Notes mature on July 1, 2028 and bear interest at a rate of 5.500 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year, commencing on January 1, 2021. 
 5.000 Senior Notes due 2029 
 On October 14, 2020, we issued 475.0 million of the 5.000 Senior Notes. The 5.000 Senior Notes mature on April 15, 2029 and bear interest at a rate of 5.000 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing on April 15, 2021. We used the net proceeds of the 5.000 Senior Notes to prepay approximately 453.3 million of the outstanding borrowings on the Tranche B-3 Facility and used the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes and to pay related fees and expenses in connection with the offering. In connection with the 5.000 Senior Notes, we recorded a debt extinguishment charge of 2.9 million, including the write-off of discount and deferred financing costs of the Tranche B-3 Facility, which was recorded in debt extinguishment costs in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 The indentures governing the Senior Notes contain covenants that, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to: (i) pay dividends, redeem stock or make other distributions or investments (ii) incur additional debt or issue certain preferred stock (iii) transfer or sell assets (iv) engage in certain transactions with affiliates (v) create restrictions on dividends or other payments by the restricted subsidiaries (vi) merge, consolidate or sell substantially all of our assets and (vii) create liens on assets. 
 45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The Senior Notes issued by us are guaranteed by each of our subsidiaries that guaranteed our obligations under the New Credit Facility. The guarantees are full and unconditional and joint and several. 
 We may redeem the Senior Notes at our option, in whole or part, at the dates and amounts set forth in the indentures. 
 5.625 Senior Notes due 2023 
 On February 11, 2015, we issued 375.0 million of the 5.625 Senior Notes. On September 21, 2015, we issued 275.0 million of additional 5.625 Senior Notes. The additional notes formed a single class of debt securities with the 5.625 Senior Notes issued in February 2015. Giving effect to this issuance, we had outstanding an aggregate of 650.0 million of the 5.625 Senior Notes. The 5.625 Senior Notes were to mature on February 15, 2023 and bear interest at a rate of 5.625 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year. On March 17, 2021, we redeemed the 5.625 Senior Notes. 
 6.500 Senior Notes due 2024 
 On February 16, 2016, we issued 390.0 million of the 6.500 Senior Notes. The 6.500 Senior Notes were to mature on March 1, 2024 and bear interest at a rate of 6.500 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2016. On March 1, 2021, we redeemed the 6.500 Senior Notes. 
 Redemption of 5.625 Senior Notes and 6.500 Senior Notes 
 On January 29, 2021, we issued conditional notices of full redemption providing for the redemption in full of 650 million of the 5.625 Senior Notes and 390 million of the 6.500 Senior Notes to the holders of such notes. 
 On March 1, 2021, we satisfied and discharged the indentures governing the 6.500 Senior Notes. In connection with the redemption of the 6.500 Senior Notes, we recorded debt extinguishment costs of 10.5 million, including 6.3 million cash paid for breakage costs and the write-off of deferred financing costs of 4.2 million in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 On March 17, 2021, we satisfied and discharged the indentures governing the 5.625 Senior Notes. In connection with the redemption of the 5.625 Senior Notes, we recorded debt extinguishment costs of 3.3 million, including the write-off of deferred financing and premiums costs in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 6.125 Senior Notes due 2021 
 On March 12, 2013, we issued 150.0 million of the 6.125 Senior Notes. The 6.125 Senior Notes were to mature on March 15, 2021 and bear interest at a rate of 6.125 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year. On June 24, 2020, we redeemed the 6.125 Senior Notes. 
 
 5.125 Senior Notes due 2022 
 On July 1, 2014, we issued 300.0 million of the 5.125 Senior Notes. The 5.125 Senior Notes were to mature on July 1, 2022 and bear interest at a rate of 5.125 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year. On June 24, 2020, we redeemed the 5.125 Senior Notes. 
 
 Redemption of 6.125 Senior Notes and 5.125 Senior Notes 
 On June 10, 2020, we issued conditional notices of full redemption providing for the redemption in full of the 6.125 Senior Notes and the 5.125 Senior Notes on the Redemption Date, in each case at the Redemption Price. On June 24, 2020, we satisfied and discharged the indentures governing the 6.125 Senior Notes and the 5.125 Senior Notes by irrevocably depositing with a trustee sufficient funds equal to the Redemption Price for the 6.125 Senior Notes and the 5.125 Senior Notes and otherwise complying with the terms in the indentures relating to the satisfaction and discharge of the 6.125 Senior Notes and the 5.125 Senior Notes. In connection with the redemption of the 6.125 Senior Notes and the 5.125 Senior Notes, we recorded a debt extinguishment charge of 3.3 million, including the write-off of the deferred financing and other costs in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Other long-term debt 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we repaid other long-term debt of 3.3 million, which is reflected in financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table presents a summary of contractual obligations (dollars in thousands): 

Payments Due by Period 

Less Than 
 1 Year 

1-3 Years 

3-5 Years 

More Than 
 5 Years 

Total 

Long-term debt (a) 

97,302 

216,197 

481,468 

973,000 

1,767,967 

Operating lease liabilities (b) 

32,818 

54,714 

31,631 

62,653 

181,816 

Finance lease liabilities 

990 

2,096 

2,269 

21,821 

27,176 

Total obligations and commitments 

131,110 

273,007 

515,368 

1,057,474 

1,976,959 

(a) 
 
 Amounts include required principal and interest payments. The projected interest payments reflect interest rates in place on our variable-rate debt at December 31, 2022. 

(b) 
 
 Amounts exclude variable components of lease payments. 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 At December 31, 2022, we had standby letters of credit outstanding of 3.4 million related to security for the payment of claims as required by our workers compensation insurance program. 
 Market Risk 
 Our interest expense is sensitive to changes in market interest rates. Our long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 was composed of 914.3 million of fixed-rate debt and 450.2 million of variable-rate debt with interest based on LIBOR plus an applicable margin. Based on our borrowing level at December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 1 increase in interest rates would decrease our pretax income on an annual basis by approximately 4.5 million. 
 We expect our variable-rate debt to transition from LIBOR plus an appliable margin to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR during 2023. SOFR was chosen as the recommended risk-free reference rate by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee and is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York started to publish SOFR in April 2018. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. In preparing our financial statements, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses included in the financial statements. Estimates are based on historical experience and other available information, the results of which form the basis of such estimates. While management believes our estimation processes are reasonable, actual results could differ from our estimates. The following accounting policies are considered critical to the portrayal of our financial condition and operating performance and involve highly subjective and complex assumptions and assessments: 
 Revenue and Accounts Receivable 
 Our revenue is primarily derived from services rendered to patients for inpatient psychiatric and substance abuse care, outpatient psychiatric care and adolescent residential treatment. We receive payments from the following sources for services rendered in our facilities: (i) state governments under their respective Medicaid and other programs (ii) commercial insurers (iii) the federal government under the Medicare program administered by CMS and (iv) individual patients and clients. We determine the transaction price based on established billing rates reduced by contractual adjustments provided to third-party payors, discounts provided to uninsured patients and implicit price concessions. Contractual adjustments and discounts are based on contractual agreements, discount policies and historical experience. Implicit price concessions are based on historical collection experience. 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from Medicare, Medicaid and other payors that receive discounts from established billing rates. The Medicare and Medicaid regulations and various managed care contracts under which these discounts must be calculated are complex, subject to interpretation and adjustment, and may include multiple reimbursement mechanisms for different types of services provided in the Company s inpatient facilities and cost settlement provisions. Management estimates the transaction price on a payor-specific basis given its interpretation of the applicable regulations or contract terms. The services authorized and provided and related reimbursement are often subject to interpretation that could result in payments that differ from our estimates. Additionally, updated regulations and contract renegotiations occur frequently, necessitating regular review and assessment of the estimation process by management. 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Settlements under cost reimbursement agreements with third-party payors are estimated and recorded in the period in which the related services are rendered and are adjusted in future periods as final settlements are determined. Final determination of amounts earned under the Medicare and Medicaid programs often occurs in subsequent years because of audits by such programs, rights of appeal and the application of numerous technical provisions. In the opinion of management, adequate provision has been made for any adjustments and final settlements. However, there can be no assurance that any such adjustments and final settlements will not have a material effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. Our cost report payables were 13.7 million and 6.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, and were included in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. The net adjustments to estimated cost report settlements resulted in an increase to revenue of 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , compare d to decreases to revenue of 5.4 million and 1.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 , respectively . 
 The following table presents revenue by payor type and as a percentage of revenue for continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Amount 

Amount 

Amount 

Commercial 

788,895 

30.2 

684,292 

29.6 

596,698 

28.5 

Medicare 

394,227 

15.1 

364,598 

15.8 

330,070 

15.8 

Medicaid 

1,319,600 

50.6 

1,147,884 

49.6 

1,037,852 

49.7 

Self-Pay 

76,050 

2.9 

93,425 

4.0 

98,302 

4.7 

Other 

31,627 

1.2 

24,195 

1.0 

27,007 

1.3 

Revenue 

2,610,399 

100.0 

2,314,394 

100.0 

2,089,929 

100.0 

The following tables present a summary of our aging of accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 December 31, 2022 

Current 

30-90 

90-150 

150 

Total 

Commercial 

18.0 

5.3 

2.8 

8.4 

34.5 

Medicare 

11.5 

1.7 

0.7 

1.4 

15.3 

Medicaid 

31.7 

4.5 

2.6 

4.7 

43.5 

Self-Pay 

1.2 

1.4 

1.2 

2.6 

6.4 

Other 

0.2 

0.0 

0.0 

0.1 

0.3 

Total 

62.6 

12.9 

7.3 

17.2 

100.0 

December 31, 2021 

Current 

30-90 

90-150 

150 

Total 

Commercial 

20.1 

6.2 

2.6 

8.2 

37.1 

Medicare 

11.3 

1.7 

0.5 

2.0 

15.5 

Medicaid 

28.6 

3.5 

2.0 

5.6 

39.7 

Self-Pay 

1.3 

1.4 

1.4 

3.0 

7.1 

Other 

0.1 

0.1 

0.2 

0.2 

0.6 

Total 

61.4 

12.9 

6.7 

19.0 

100.0 

Insurance 
 We are subject to medical malpractice and other lawsuits due to the nature of the services we provide. A portion of our professional liability risks are insured through a wholly-owned insurance subsidiary providing coverage for up to 10.0 million per claim through August 31, 2022 and 5.0 million and 10.0 million for certain other claims thereafter. We have obtained reinsurance coverage from a third party to cover claims in excess of those limits. The reinsurance policy has a coverage limit of 75.0 million or 70.0 million for certain other claims in the aggregate. Our reinsurance receivables are recognized consistent with the related liabilities and include known claims and any incurred but not reported claims that are covered by current insurance policies in place. The reserve for professional and general liability risks was estimated based on historical claims, prior settlements and judgments, demographic factors, industry trends, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The estimated accrual for professional and general liabilities could be significantly affected should current and future occurrences differ from historical claim trends and 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 expectations. While claims are monitored closely when estimating professional and general liability accruals, the complexity of the claims and wide range of potential outcomes often hampers timely adjustments to the assumptions used in these estimates. We recorded an unfavorable adjustment of 5.9 million to our estimated liability for self-insured professional and general liability claims during the year ended December 31, 2022 , relating to the settlement or expected settlement of certain prior year claims relating primarily to the 2017 to 201 8 period. The professional and general liability reserve was 103.6 million a t December 31, 2022 , of which 12.1 million was included in other accrued liabilities and 91.5 million was included in other long-term liabilities. The professional and general liability reserve was 87.8 million a t December 31, 2021 , of which 11.9 million was included in other accrued liabilities and 75.9 million was included in other long-term liabilities. We estimate receivables for the portion of professional and general liability reserves that are recoverable under our insurance policies. Such receivable was 37.8 million a t December 31, 2022 , of which 10.2 million was included in other current assets and 27.6 million was included in other assets, and such receivable was 37.9 million a t December 31, 2021 , of which 10.8 million was included in other current assets and 27.1 million was included in other assets. 
 Our statutory workers compensation program is fully insured with a 0.5 million deductible per accident. The workers compensation liability was 24.2 million at December 31, 2022, of which 12.0 million was included in accrued salaries and benefits and 12.2 million was included in other long-term liabilities, and such liability was 23.6 million at December 31, 2021, of which 12.0 million was included in accrued salaries and benefits and 11.6 million was included in other long-term liabilities. The reserve for workers compensation claims was based upon independent actuarial estimates of future amounts that will be paid to claimants. Management believes that adequate provisions have been made for workers compensation and professional and general liability risk exposures. 
 Property and Equipment and Other Long-Lived Assets 
 Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which typically range from 10 to 50 years for buildings and improvements, three to seven years for equipment and the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful lives for leasehold improvements. When assets are sold or retired, the corresponding cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the related accounts and any gain or loss is recorded in the period of sale or retirement. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation expense was 117.8 million, 106.7 million and 95.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The carrying values of long-lived assets are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events, circumstances or operating results indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If this review indicates that the asset will not be recoverable, as determined based upon the undiscounted cash flows of the operating asset over the remaining useful life, the carrying value of the asset will be reduced to its estimated fair value. Fair value estimates are based on independent appraisals, market values of comparable assets or internal evaluations of future net cash flows. During the second quarter of 2021, we opened a 260-bed replacement facility in Pennsylvania and recorded a non-cash property impairment charge of 23.2 million for the existing facility. Additionally, during the third quarter of 2021, we recorded a 1.1 million non-cash property impairment charge for one facility in Louisiana resulting from hurricane damage. 
 We performed an impairment review of long-lived assets in the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021 and recorded no impairment. The impairment review of long-lived assets in the fourth quarter of 2020 indicated the carrying amounts of certain of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable. This created a non-cash impairment of 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was recorded in loss on impairment on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 Our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, which consist of licenses and accreditations, trade names and certificates of need intangible assets that are not amortized, are evaluated for impairment annually during the fourth quarter or more frequently if events indicate the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be recoverable. 
 As of our annual impairment tests on October 1, 2022 and October 1, 2021, we had one reporting unit, behavioral health services. The fair value of our behavioral health services reporting unit substantially exceeded its carrying value, and therefore no impairment was recorded. 
 During the second quarter of 2021, we sold one outpatient facility for 4.3 million and recorded a write down of 1.8 million of goodwill and 0.2 million of intangible assets related to the disposition. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we sold one outpatient facility for 1.5 million and recorded a write down of 0.7 million of goodwill and 0.1 million of intangibles related to the disposition. 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 As of our annual impairment test on October 1, 2020, we had two operating segments for segment reporting purposes, U.S. f acilities and U.K. f acilities, each of which represented a reporting unit for purposes of our goodwill impairment test. 
 Our annual goodwill impairment and other indefinite-lived intangible assets test performed as of October 1, 2020 considered recent financial performance, including the impacts of COVID-19 on certain portions of the U.K. business. The 2020 impairment test of the U.K. facilities indicated carrying value of the reporting unit exceeded the estimated fair value and resulted in a non-cash loss on impairment of the remaining goodwill of the U.K. facilities of 356.2 million. The non-cash loss on impairment is included in loss on sale within discontinued operations in the consolidated statement of operations. As of our impairment test on October 1, 2020, the fair value of our U.S facilities reporting unit substantially exceeded its carrying value, and therefore no impairment was recorded. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 0.6 million related to indefinite-lived assets related to closed facilities in the U.S., which is included in loss on impairment in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Income Taxes 
 We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes and net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The amount of deferred taxes on these temporary differences is determined using the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, as applicable, based on tax rates and laws in the respective tax jurisdiction enacted as of the balance sheet date. 
 We review our deferred tax assets for recoverability and establish a valuation allowance based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, applicable tax strategies, and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 We report a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 
 We established accruals for taxes and associated interest that may become payable in future years as a result of audits by tax authorities. We accrue for tax contingencies when it is more likely than not that a liability to a taxing authority has been incurred and the amount of the contingency can be reasonably estimated. We believe that the positions taken on previously filed tax returns are reasonable and have not established tax and interest reserves in recognition that various taxing authorities may challenge the positions taken by us resulting in additional liabilities for taxes and interest. These amounts are reviewed as circumstances warrant and adjusted as events occur that affect our potential liability for additional taxes, such as lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, conclusion of tax audits, additional exposure based on current calculations, identification of new issues, release of administrative guidance, or rendering of a court decision affecting a particular tax issue. 
 
 50 
 
 Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Information with respect to this Item is provided under the caption Market Risk under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Information with respect to this Item is contained in our consolidated financial statements beginning on Page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have included a report of management s assessment of the design and operating effectiveness of our internal controls as part of this report. Our independent registered public accounting firm also reported on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Management s report and the independent registered public accounting firm s report are included in our consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this report under the captions entitled Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 51 
 
 Table of Contents 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Directors 
 The information with respect to our directors set forth under the caption Election of Directors in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 18, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Audit and Risk Committee 
 The information with respect to our Audit and Risk Committee and our audit committee financial experts serving on the Audit and Risk Committee is set forth under the caption Corporate Governance Committees of the Board of Directors Audit and Risk Committee in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 18, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Executive Officers 
 The information with respect to our executive officers set forth under the caption Management Executive Officers in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 18, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Section 16(a) Compliance 
 The information with respect to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act set forth under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 18, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Stockholder Nominees 
 The information with respect to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to the board of directors set forth under the caption Corporate Governance Nomination of Directors Nominations by Our Stockholders in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 18, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Corporate Governance Documents 
 We have adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees and a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers. These documents, as well as the charters of the Audit and Risk Committee, Compensation Committee, Compliance Committee, and Nominating and Governance Committee, are available on our website at www.acadiahealthcare.com on the Investors webpage under the caption Corporate Governance. Upon the written request of any person, we will furnish, without charge, a copy of any of these documents. Requests should be directed to Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc., 6100 Tower Circle, Suite 1000, Franklin, Tennessee 37067, Attention: Christopher L. Howard, Esq. We intend to disclose any amendments to our Code of Ethics and any waiver from a provision of our code, as required by the SEC, on our website. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information with respect to the compensation of our executive officers set forth under the captions Executive Compensation and Compensation Discussion and Analysis and the information set forth under the captions Director Compensation, Corporate Governance Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Compensation Committee Report in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 18, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference. 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters set forth under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 18, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides information at December 31, 2022 with respect to compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which shares of Common Stock are authorized for issuance: 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities 
 to be Issued upon 
 Exercise of 
 Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants and Rights 

Weighted-Average 
 Exercise Price of 
 Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants and Rights 

Number of Securities 
 Remaining Available for 
 Future Issuance under 
 Equity Compensation 
 Plans (a) 

Equity Compensation Plans Approved by 
 Stockholders (b) 

3,298,279 

(c) 

46.27 

3,133,811 

Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by 
 Stockholders 

Total 

3,298,279 

3,133,811 

(a) 
 
 Excludes shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options and vesting of outstanding restricted stock units. 

(b) 
 
 Represents securities issued or available for issuance under the Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan. 

(c) 
 
 Includes 1,273,800 shares that may be issued upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock units that vest over three years, assuming that maximum performance goals are attained in all three years. 

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information with respect to certain relationships and related transactions and director independence set forth under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Corporate Governance Independence of the Board of Directors in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 18, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information with respect to the fees paid to and services provided by our principal accountants set forth under the caption Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 18, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference. 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

1. 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements : 

 The consolidated financial statements required to be included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, begin on Page F-1 and are submitted as a separate section of this report. 

2. 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules : 

 All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or are not required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes in this report. 

3. 
 
 Exhibits : 

Exhibit No. 

Exhibit Description 

2.1 

Put and Call Option Deed, dated as of December 30, 2020, by and between RemedcoUK Limited and the Company. (a) 

2.2 

Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2021, by and between RemedcoUK Limited and the Company. (a) 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as filed on October 28, 2011 with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, as amended by the Certificate of Amendment filed on May 25, 2017. (b) 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended May 25, 2017. (b) 

4.1 

Indenture, dated June 24, 2020, by and among the Company, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. (c) 

4.2 

Form of 5.500 Senior Note due 2028 (included as Exhibit A1 in Exhibit 4.1) . 

4.3 

Indenture, dated October 14, 2020, by and among the Company, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. (d) 

4.4 

Form of 5.000 Senior Note due 2029 (included as Exhibit A1 in Exhibit 4.3). 

4.5 

Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2014, by and among the Company and each of the stockholders named therein. (e) 

4.6 

Specimen Common Stock Certificate to be issued to holders of the Company s Common Stock. (f) 

4.7 

Third Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2015, by and among the Company and each of the parties named therein. (g) 

4.8 

Joinder, dated February 16, 2016, to the Third Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated as of December 31, 2015, by and among the Company and each of the parties named therein. (h) 

4.9 

Description of the Company s Securities (i). 

10.1 

Credit Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2021, among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors, the several banks and other financial institutions as may from time to time become parties thereunder as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Swingline Lender. (j) 

10.2 

Security and Pledge Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2021, among the Company, the other obligors party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. (j) 

10.3 

Employment Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2021, by and between Acadia Management Company, Inc. and Debra K. Osteen. (k) 

54 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.4 

Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated December 22, 2021, by and between Acadia Management Company, Inc. and Debra K. Osteen. (l) 

10.5 

Side Letter to Employment Agreement, dated January 31, 2022, by and between Acadia Management Company, Inc. and Debra K. Osteen. (l) 

10.6 

Consultant Services Agreement, dated April 11, 2022 by and between Acadia Management Company, Inc. and Debra K. Osteen. (m) 

10.7 

Employment Agreement, dated March 31, 2022, among the Company, Acadia Management Company, Inc. and Christopher H. Hunter. (m) 

10.8 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated April 7, 2014, among the Company, Acadia Management Company, Inc. and Christopher L. Howard. (n) 

10.9 

Employment Agreement, dated April 7, 2014, by and among the Company, Acadia Management Company, Inc. and David M. Duckworth. (n) 

10.10 

Employment Agreement, dated July 31, 2019, by and between Acadia Management Company, Inc. and John S. Hollinsworth. (o) 

10.11 

Employment Agreement, dated August 6, 2019, by and between Acadia Management Company, Inc. and Laurence L. Harrod. (p) 

10.12 

Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan, effective May 23, 2013. (q) 

10.13 

First Amendment, effective May 19, 2016, to the Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan. (r) 

10.14 

Second Amendment, effective May 6, 2021, to the Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan. (s) 

10.15 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. (t) 

10.16 

Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement. (u) 

10.17 

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement. (u) 

10.18 

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement. (t) 

10.19 

Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement. (u) 

10.20 

Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, effective February 1, 2013. (v) 

10.21 

Nonmanagement Director Compensation Program, effective January 1, 2013. (v) 

10.22 

Form of Indemnification Agreement (for directors and officers affiliated with Waud Capital Partners or Bain Capital). (w) 

10.23 

Form of Indemnification Agreement (for directors and officers not affiliated with Waud Capital Partners or Bain Capital). (w) 

21 

Subsidiaries of the Company. 

22 

List of Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities. 

23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

55 
 
 Table of Contents 

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Labels Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 

The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

The XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing or document. 

(a) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-35331). 

(b) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 25, 2017 (File No. 001-35331). 

(c) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 24, 2020 (File No. 001-35331). 

(d) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 14, 2020 (File No. 001-35331). 

(e) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 30, 2014 (File No. 001-35331). 

(f) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-175523), originally filed with the SEC on November 23, 2011. 

(g) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 4, 2016 (File No. 001-35331). 

(h) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2016 (File No. 001-35331). 

(i) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-35331). 

(j) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 001-35331). 

(k) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 22, 2021 (File No. 001-35331). 

(l) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 1, 2022 (File No. 001-35331). 

(m) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 001-35331). 

(n) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 11, 2014 (File No. 001-35331). 

(o) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Amendment No. 1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 6, 2019 (File No. 001-35331). 

(p) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 6, 2019 (File No. 001-35331). 

(q) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-8 filed July 30, 2013 (File No. 333-190232). 

(r) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2016 (File No. 001-35331). 

56 
 
 Table of Contents 

(s 

Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed March 24, 2021 (File No. 001-35331). 

(t) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2018 (File No. 001-35331). 

(u) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-4, as amended (File No. 333-175523), originally filed with the SEC on July 13, 2011. 

(v) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2013 (File No. 001-35331). 

(w) 

Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1, 2011 (File No. 001-35331). 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 

By: 
 
 /s/ CHRISTOPHER H. HUNTER 

Christopher H. Hunter 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Dated: February 28, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ CHRISTOPHER H. HUNTER 
 Christopher H. Hunter 

Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ DAVID M. DUCKWORTH 
 David M. Duckworth 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ REEVE B. WAUD 
 Reeve B. Waud 

Chairman of the Board 

February 28, 2023 

/s/JASON R. BERNHARD 
 Jason R. Bernhard 

Director 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ E. PEROT BISSELL 
 E. Perot Bissell 

Director 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ MICHAEL J. FUCCI 
 Michael J. Fucci 

Director 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ VICKY B. GREGG 
 Vicky B. Gregg 

Director 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ WILLIAM F. GRIECO 
 William F. Grieco 

Director 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ DAVID R. KELLY 
 David R. Kelly 

Director 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ WADE D. MIQUELON 
 Wade D. Miquelon 

Director 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ DEBRA K. OSTEEN 
 Debra K. Osteen 

Director 

February 28, 2023 

/s/ WILLIAM M. PETRIE 
 William M. Petrie 

Director 

February 28, 2023 

58 
 
 Table of Contents 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PAGE 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB: 

F-3 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-4 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

F-8 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

F-9 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

F-10 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-11 

F-1 
 
 Table of Contents 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (COSO). Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at December 31, 2022. 
 Our accompanying consolidated financial statements have been audited by the independent registered public accounting firm of Ernst & Young LLP. Reports of the independent registered public accounting firm, including the independent registered public accounting firm s report on our internal control over financial reporting, are included in this report. 
 F-2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 F-3 
 
 Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Revenue Recognition 

Description of the Matter 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 2.6 billion of revenue from continuing operations. As discussed in Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company determines the transaction price for services to patients based on established billing rates reduced by contractual adjustments provided to third-party payors, discounts provided to uninsured patients and implicit price concessions. Contractual adjustments and discounts are based on contractual agreements, discount policies and historical experience. Implicit price concessions are based primarily on historical collection experience. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 Auditing the Company s revenue recognition and its estimates of contractual adjustments, discounts and implicit price concessions was complex and judgmental due to the significant data inputs and subjective assumptions utilized in estimating the related amounts. Various reimbursement programs under which these amounts must be estimated are complex and subject to interpretation and adjustment. Additionally, updated regulations and contract renegotiations occur frequently, necessitating regular review and assessment of the estimation process by management. 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s revenue recognition, including controls over key data inputs to the contractual adjustment, discount and implicit price concession estimates and management s review and consideration of retrospective analyses of historical expected cash collections compared to subsequent actual collections. 
 
 To test the revenue recognized, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the validity of a sample of revenue transactions and the completeness and accuracy of data inputs to the estimates of contractual adjustments, discounts and implicit price concessions, including payor contractual terms and historical collection experience. We assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates based on subsequent collection experience and used the assessment as a source of potential corroborative or contrary evidence supporting management s assumptions of future collections of existing accounts receivable. 

F-4 
 
 Table of Contents 

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2006. 
 
 Nashville, Tennessee 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 F-5 
 
 Table of Contents 

Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands, except share and per 
 share amounts) 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Deferred tax assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Accounts payable 

Accrued salaries and benefits 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Other accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized, 
 shares issued 

Common stock, par value shares authorized 
 and issued and outstanding as of 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

See accompanying notes. 
 F-6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Revenue 

Salaries, wages and benefits (including equity-based compensation 
 expense of , and , respectively) 

Professional fees 

Supplies 

Rents and leases 

Other operating expenses 

Income from provider relief fund 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest expense, net 

Debt extinguishment costs 

Loss on impairment 

Transaction-related expenses 

Total expenses 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Income from continuing operations 

Loss from discontinued operations, net of taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net income (loss) attributable to Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 

Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to Acadia Healthcare Company, 
 Inc. stockholders: 

Income from continuing operations attributable to Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) attributable to Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to Acadia Healthcare 
 Company, Inc. stockholders: 

Income from continuing operations attributable to Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) attributable to Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 

Weighted-average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes. 
 F-7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(In thousands) 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation (loss) gain 

Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net of tax of 
 million, million and ) million, respectively 

Pension liability adjustment, net of tax of million, 
 million and ) million, respectively 

U.K. Sale 

Other comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Acadia Healthcare 
 Company, Inc. 

See accompanying notes. 

F-8 
 
 Table of Contents 

Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (In thousands) 

Common Stock 

Additional 
 Paid- 

Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 

(Accumulated Deficit) Retained 

Shares 

Amount 

in Capital 

Loss 

Earnings 

Total 

Balance at January 1, 2020 

Common stock issued under stock incentive plans 

Repurchase of shares for payroll tax witholdings, 
 net of proceeds from stock option exercises 

Equity-based compensation expense 

Other comprehensive income 

Net loss attributable to Acadia Healthcare 
 Company, Inc. stockholders 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued under stock incentive plans 

Repurchase of shares for payroll tax witholdings, 
 net of proceeds from stock option exercises 

Equity-based compensation expense 

Other comprehensive income 

Other 

Net income attributable to Acadia Healthcare 
 Company, Inc. stockholders 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Common stock issued under stock incentive plans 

Repurchase of shares for payroll tax witholdings, 
 net of proceeds from stock option exercises 

Equity-based compensation expense 

Other 

Net income attributable to Acadia Healthcare 
 Company, Inc. stockholders 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes. 
 F-9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(In thousands) 

Operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by continuing 
 operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Equity-based compensation expense 

Deferred income taxes 

Loss from discontinued operations, net of taxes 

Debt extinguishment costs 

Loss on impairment 

Other 

Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 

Accrued salaries and benefits 

Other liabilities 

Government relief funds 

Net cash provided by continuing operating activities 

Net cash provided by discontinued operating activities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

Cash paid for capital expenditures 

Proceeds from U.K. Sale 

Settlement of foreign currency derivatives 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Cash paid for purchase of finance lease 

Other 

Net cash (used in) provided by continuing investing activities 

Net cash used in discontinued investing activities 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Financing activities: 

Borrowings on long-term debt 

Borrowings on revolving credit facility 

Principal payments on revolving credit facility 

Principal payments on long-term debt 

Repayment of long-term debt 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

Repurchase of shares for payroll tax witholdings, net of proceeds from stock option exercises 

Contributions from noncontrolling partners in joint ventures 

Distributions to noncontrolling partners in joint ventures 

Acquisition of ownership interests from noncontrolling partners 

Other 

Net cash used in continuing financing activities 

Net cash used in discontinued financing activities 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents, including cash classified within current assets 
 held for sale 

Less: cash classified within current assets held for sale 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid (received) for income taxes 

Effect of acquisitions: 

Assets acquired, excluding cash 

Liabilities assumed 

Redeemable noncontrolling interest resulting from an acquisition 

Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 F-10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 behavioral healthcare facilities with approximately beds in states and Puerto Rico. 
 On January 19, 2021, the Company completed the sale of its operations in the United Kingdom (the U.K. to RemedcoUK Limited, a company organized under the laws of England and Wales and owned by funds managed or advised by Waterland Private Equity Fund VII (the U.K. Sale ). The U.K. Sale allowed the Company to reduce its indebtedness and focus on its U.S. operations. As a result of the U.K. Sale, the Company reported, for all periods presented, results of operations and cash flows of the U.K. operations as discontinued operations in the accompanying financial statements. See Note 9 U.K. Sale. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The business of the Company is conducted through limited liability companies, partnerships and C-corporations. The Company s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all subsidiaries controlled by the Company through its direct or indirect ownership of majority interests and exclusive rights granted to the Company as the controlling member of an entity. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The majority of the Company s expenses are cost of revenue items. Costs that could be classified as general and administrative expenses include the Company s corporate office costs, which were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Certain reclassifications have been made to prior years to conform to the current year presentation. million per claim through August 31, 2022 and million and million for certain other claims thereafter. The Company has obtained reinsurance coverage from a third party to cover claims in excess of those limits. The reinsurance policy has a coverage limit of million or million for certain other claims in the aggregate. The Company s reinsurance receivables are recognized consistent with the related liabilities and include known claims and any incurred but not reported claims that are covered by current insurance policies in place. The reserve for professional and general liability risks was estimated based on historical claims, prior settlements and judgments, demographic factors, industry trends, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The estimated accrual for professional and general liabilities could be significantly affected should current and future occurrences differ from historical claim trends and expectations. While claims are monitored closely when estimating professional and general liability accruals, the complexity of the claims and wide range of potential outcomes often hampers timely adjustments to the assumptions used in these estimates. The Company recorded an unfavorable adjustment of million to its estimated liability for self-insured professional and general liability claims during the year ended December 31, 2022, relating to the settlement or expected settlement of certain prior year claims relating primarily to the 2017 to 2018 period. The professional and general liability reserve was million at December 31, 2022, of which million was included in other accrued liabilities and million was included in other long-term liabilities. The professional and general liability reserve was million at 
 F-11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 million was included in other accrued liabilities and million was included in other long-term liabilities. The Company estimates receivables for the portion of professional and general liability reserves that are recoverable under the Company s insurance policies. Such receivable was million a t December 31, 2022 , of which million was included in other current assets and million was included in other assets, and such receivable was million a t December 31, 2021 , of which million was included in other current assets and million was included in other assets. 
 The Company s statutory workers compensation program is fully insured with a million deductible per accident. The workers compensation liability was million at December 31, 2022, of which million was included in accrued salaries and benefits and million was included in other long-term liabilities, and such liability was million at December 31, 2021, of which million was included in accrued salaries and benefits and million was included in other long-term liabilities. The reserve for workers compensation claims was based upon independent actuarial estimates of future amounts that will be paid to claimants. Management believes that adequate provisions have been made for workers compensation and professional and general liability risk exposures. to for buildings and improvements, to for equipment and the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful lives for leasehold improvements. When assets are sold or retired, the corresponding cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the related accounts and any gain or loss is recorded in the period of sale or retirement. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The carrying values of long-lived assets are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events, circumstances or operating results indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If this review indicates that the asset will not be recoverable, as determined based upon the undiscounted cash flows of the operating asset over the remaining useful life, the carrying value of the asset will be reduced to its estimated fair value. Fair value estimates are based on independent appraisals, market values of comparable assets or internal evaluations of future net cash flows. During the second quarter of 2021, the Company opened a -bed replacement facility in Pennsylvania and recorded a non-cash property impairment charge of million for the existing facility. Additionally, during the third quarter of 2021, the Company recorded a million non-cash property impairment charge for one facility in Louisiana resulting from hurricane damage. 
 The Company performed an impairment review of long-lived assets in the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021 and recorded impairment. The impairment review of long-lived assets in the fourth quarter of 2020 indicated the carrying amounts of certain of the Company s long-lived assets may not be recoverable. This created a non-cash impairment of million for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was recorded in loss on impairment on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. reporting unit, behavioral health services. The fair value of the Company s behavioral health services reporting unit substantially exceeded its carrying value, and therefore impairment was recorded. 
 During the second quarter of 2021, the Company sold outpatient facility for million and recorded a write down of million of goodwill and million of intangible assets related to the disposition. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company sold outpatient facility for million and recorded a write down of million of goodwill and million of intangibles related to the disposition. 
 As of the Company s annual impairment test on October 1, 2020, the Company had two operating segments for segment reporting purposes, U.S. facilities and U.K. facilities, each of which represented a reporting unit for purposes of the Company s goodwill impairment test. 
 The Company s annual goodwill impairment and other indefinite-lived intangible assets test performed as of October 1, 2020 considered recent financial performance, including the impacts of COVID-19 on certain portions of the U.K. business. The 2020 impairment test of the U.K. facilities indicated carrying value of the reporting unit exceeded the estimated fair value and resulted in a non-cash loss on impairment of the remaining goodwill of the U.K. facilities of million. The non-cash loss on impairment is included in loss on sale within discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations. As of the Company s impairment test on October 1, 2020, the fair value of the U.S. facilities reporting unit substantially exceeded its carrying value, and therefore impairment was recorded. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of million related to indefinite-lived assets related to closed facilities in the U.S., which is included in loss on impairment in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 F-12 
 
 Table of Contents 

Other receivables 

Workers compensation deposits current portion 

Insurance receivable current portion 

Assets held for sale 

Income taxes receivable 

Inventory 

Other 

Other current assets 

Accrued interest 

Cost report payable 

Insurance liability current portion 

Accrued property taxes 

Government relief funds 

Contract liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Finance lease liabilities 

Other 

Other accrued liabilities 

F-13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 . See Note 10 The CARES Act for additional information on the Company s accounting for government grants received. 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ASU 2020-04 ). ASU 2020-04 provides optional guidance for a limited period of time to ease the potential burden in accounting for or recognizing the effects of reference rate reform on financial reporting and applies only to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. ASU 2020-04 is effective as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2024. Entities may adopt ASU 2020-04 as of any date from the beginning of an interim period that includes or is subsequent to March 12, 2020 or prospectively from a date within an interim period that includes or is subsequent to March 12, 2020, up to the date that the financial statements are available to be issued. There is no significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 F-14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively, had been recorded as reductions to the Company s accounts receivable balances to enable the Company to record its revenues and accounts receivable at the estimated amounts the Company expected to collect. 
 The Company disaggregates revenue from contracts with customers by service type and by payor. 
 The Company s facilities and services provided by the facilities can generally be classified into the following categories: acute inpatient psychiatric facilities specialty treatment facilities comprehensive treatment centers CTCs and residential treatment centers. 
 Acute inpatient psychiatric facilities. Acute inpatient psychiatric facilities provide a high level of care in order to stabilize patients that are either a threat to themselves or to others. The acute setting provides 24-hour observation, daily intervention and monitoring by psychiatrists. 
 Specialty treatment facilities . Specialty treatment facilities include residential recovery facilities and eating disorder facilities. The Company provides a comprehensive continuum of care for adults with addictive disorders and co-occurring mental disorders. Inpatient, including detoxification and rehabilitation, partial hospitalization and outpatient treatment programs give patients access to the least restrictive level of care. 
 Comprehensive treatment centers. CTCs specialize in providing medication-assisted treatment in an outpatient setting to individuals addicted to opioids such as opioid analgesics (prescription pain medications). 
 Residential treatment centers . Residential treatment centers treat patients with behavioral disorders in a non-hospital setting, including outdoor programs. The facilities balance therapy activities with social, academic and other activities. 

Specialty treatment facilities 

Comprehensive treatment centers 

Residential treatment centers 

Other 

Revenue 

The Company receives payments from the following sources for services rendered in its facilities: (i) state governments under their respective Medicaid and other programs (ii) commercial insurers (iii) the federal government under the Medicare program administered by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS and (iv) individual patients and clients. 
 The Company determines the transaction price based on established billing rates reduced by contractual adjustments provided to third-party payors, discounts provided to uninsured patients and implicit price concessions. Contractual adjustments and discounts are based on contractual agreements, discount policies and historical experience. Implicit price concessions are based on historical collection experience. Most of the Company s facilities have contracts containing variable consideration. However, it is unlikely a significant reversal of revenue will occur when the uncertainty is resolved, and therefore, the Company has included the variable consideration in the estimated transaction price. Subsequent changes resulting from a patient s ability to pay are recorded as bad debt expense, which is included as a component of other operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Bad debt expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was not significant. 
 The Company derives a significant portion of its revenue from Medicare, Medicaid and other payors that receive discounts from established billing rates. The Medicare and Medicaid regulations and various managed care contracts under which these discounts must be estimated are complex, subject to interpretation and adjustment, and may include multiple reimbursement mechanisms for different types of services provided in the Company s facilities and cost settlement provisions. Management 
 F-15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were included in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. The net adjustments to estimated cost report settlements resulted in an increase to revenue of million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to decreases to revenue of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company provides care without charge to patients who are financially unable to pay for the healthcare services they receive based on Company policies and federal and state poverty thresholds. Such amounts determined to qualify as charity care are not reported as revenue. The cost of providing charity care services were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The estimated cost of charity care services was determined using a ratio of cost to gross charges determined from the Company s most recently filed Medicare cost reports and applying that ratio to the gross charges associated with providing charity care for the period. 

Medicare 

Medicaid 

Self-Pay 

Other 

Revenue 

Contract liabilities primarily consisted of advances from payors and unearned revenue from CMS Accelerated and Advance Payment Program. million from CMS Accelerated and Advance Payment Program for Medicare providers. Of the million of advance payments received in 2020, the Company repaid approximately million of advance payments during 2021 and made additional payments of approximately million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Contract liabilities of million and million are included in other accrued liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Payments received 

Revenue recognized 

Medicare advance repayments 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Payments received 

Revenue recognized 

Medicare advance repayments 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

F-16 
 
 Table of Contents 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) attributable to Acadia Healthcare 
 Company, Inc. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding for basic 
 earnings per share 

Effects of dilutive instruments 

Shares used in computing diluted earnings per 
 common share 

Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to Acadia 
 Healthcare Company, Inc. stockholders: 

Income from continuing operations attributable to Acadia 
 Healthcare Company, Inc. 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) attributable to Acadia Healthcare 
 Company, Inc. 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to Acadia 
 Healthcare Company, Inc. stockholders: 

Income from continuing operations attributable to Acadia 
 Healthcare Company, Inc. 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) attributable to Acadia Healthcare 
 Company, Inc. 

Approximately million, million and million shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. million. The acquisition was funded through a combination of cash on hand and a million draw on the Revolving Facility. At the time of the acquisition, CenterPointe operated acute inpatient hospitals with beds and outpatient locations primarily in Missouri. 
 F-17 
 
 Table of Contents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets 

Deferred tax assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Total assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

Accrued salaries and benefits 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Other accrued liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

The qualitative factors comprising the goodwill acquired in the CenterPointe acquisition include the value of the business and efficiencies derived through synergies expected by the elimination of certain redundant corporate functions and expenses, coordination of services provided across the combined network of facilities, achievement of operating efficiencies by benchmarking performance and applying best practices. 
 Goodwill 

Increase from acquisitions 

2021 dispositions 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Increase from acquisitions 

Adjustments related to 2021 acquisitions 

Increase from contributions of redeemable noncontrolling interests 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Of the increases to goodwill from acquisitions in 2022 and 2021, the Company expects million and million to be tax-deductible for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Transaction-related expenses 

Termination and restructuring costs 

Legal, accounting and other acquisition-related costs 

F-18 
 
 Table of Contents 

Building and improvements 

Equipment 

Construction in progress 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded non-cash impairment charges of million related primarily to the closure of certain facilities. During the second quarter of 2021, the Company opened a -bed replacement facility in Pennsylvania and recorded a non-cash property impairment charge of million for the existing facility. Additionally, during the third quarter 2021, the Company recorded a million non-cash property impairment charge for one facility in Louisiana resulting from hurricane damage. 
 The Company has recorded assets held for sale within other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets for closed properties actively marketed of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Intangible assets not subject to amortization: 

Licenses and accreditations 

Trade names 

Certificates of need 

Total 

All the Company s definite-lived intangible assets are fully amortized. The Company s licenses and accreditations, trade names and certificate of need intangible assets have indefinite lives and are, therefore, not subject to amortization. 
 During the second quarter of 2021, the Company sold outpatient facility for million and recorded a write down of million of goodwill and million of intangible assets related to the disposition. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company sold outpatient facility for million and recorded a write down of million of goodwill and million of intangibles related to the disposition. These dispositions are reflected in other investing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 to with optional renewal periods. A minimal portion of the Company s lease portfolio consists of non-real estate leases, including copiers and equipment, which generally have lease terms of to and have insignificant lease obligations. 
 The Company elected the accounting policy practical expedients by class of underlying asset in ASC 842 Leases to: (i) combine associated lease and non-lease components into a single lease component and (ii) exclude recording short-term leases as 
 F-19 
 
 Table of Contents 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Total 

Lease Liabilities 

Balance Sheet Classification 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Current: 

Finance lease liabilities 

Other accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent: 

Finance lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total 

Operating 

F-20 
 
 Table of Contents 

Interest of lease liabilities 

Total finance lease costs 

Operating lease costs 

Variable lease costs 

Short term lease costs 

Other lease costs 

Total rents and leases 

Total lease costs 

Other 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: amount of lease payments representing interest 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

Less: Current portion of lease liabilities 

Noncurrent lease liabilities 

Operating cash flows for finance leases 

Financing cash flows for finance leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

F-21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 million of gross proceeds before deducting the settlement of existing foreign currency hedging liabilities of million based on the current British Pounds GBP to U.S. Dollars USD exchange rate, cash retained by the buyer and transaction costs. The Company used the net proceeds of approximately million (excluding cash retained by the buyer) along with cash on the balance sheet to reduce debt by million during the first quarter of 2021 as described in Note 11 Long-Term Debt. 
 As a result of the U.K. Sale, the Company reported, for all periods presented, results of operations and cash flows of the U.K. operations as discontinued operations in the accompanying financial statements. In December 2020, the Company s U.K. operations met the criteria to be classified as assets held for sale. The carrying value of the U.K. operations was written down to fair value less costs to sell in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2020. This resulted in a loss on sale of million, which includes approximately million of non-cash goodwill impairment, recorded within discontinued operations in the consolidated statement of operations. During the first quarter of 2021, an additional million was recorded as a loss on sale primarily resulting from an increase in the U.K. operations carrying value. 

Salaries, wages and benefits 

Professional fees 

Supplies 

Rents and leases 

Other operating expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest expense, net 

Loss on sale 

Loss on impairment 

Transaction-related expenses 

Total expenses 

Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Loss from discontinued operations 

The consolidated cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020 related to the discontinued U.K. operations includes cash paid for capital expenditures of million. 

billion of relief to eligible healthcare providers. On April 24, 2020, then President Trump signed into law the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act (the PPP Act ). Among other things, the PPP Act allocates billion to eligible healthcare providers to help offset COVID-19 related losses and expenses. The 75 billion allocated under the PPP Act is in addition to the 100 billion allocated to healthcare providers for the same purposes in the CARES Act and has been disbursed to providers under terms and conditions similar to the CARES Act funds. The Company accounts for government grants by analogizing to the grant model in accordance with International Accounting Standard ("IAS") 20, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance , and as such, has recognized income from grants in line with the recognition of expenses or the loss of revenues for which the grants are intended to compensate. The Company recognizes grants once both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Company is able to comply with the relevant terms and conditions of the grant and (ii) the grant will be received. 
 During 2020, the Company participated in certain relief programs offered through the CARES Act, including receipt of approximately million relating to the Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund PHSSE Fund ), also known as the Provider Relief Fund. During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company recorded approximately million of income from provider relief fund related to PHSSE Fund funds received in 2020. 
 F-22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 million of additional funds from the PHSSE Fund. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recorded million of income from provider relief fund related to the funds received. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received million of additional funds from the PHSSE Fund and million from the American Rescue Plan ARP Rural Payments for Hospitals. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million of income from provider relief fund related to PHSSE Fund and ARP funds received. The remaining unrecognized funds of 9.0 million are included in other accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. The Company continues to evaluate its compliance with the terms and conditions to, and the financial impact of, the additional funds received, including potential repayment of the remaining balance. 
 Healthcare providers were required to sign an attestation confirming receipt of the Provider Relief Fund funds and agree to the terms and conditions of payment. Under the terms and conditions for receipt of the payment, the Company was allowed to use the funds to cover lost revenues and healthcare costs related to COVID-19, and the Company was required to properly and fully document the use of these funds to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS ). The reporting of the funds is subject to future audit for compliance with the terms and conditions. The Company recognized Provider Relief Fund funds to the extent it had qualifying COVID-19 expenses or lost revenues as permitted under the terms and conditions. The grant income associated with the COVID-19 expenses and lost revenues incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is reflected as income from provider relief fund in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 During 2020, the Company applied for and received approximately million of payments from the CMS Accelerated and Advance Payment Program. Of the million of advance payments received in 2020, the Company repaid approximately million of advance payments during 2021 and made additional repayments of approximately million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In addition, the Company received a increase in facilities Medicare reimbursement rate as a result of the temporary suspension of Medicare sequestration from May 1, 2020, to March 31, 2022, which was reduced to on April 1, 2022 and was eliminated effective July 1, 2022. 
 The CARES Act also provides for certain federal income and other tax changes. The Company received a cash benefit of approximately million for 2020 relating to the delay of payment of the employer portion of Social Security payroll taxes. The Company repaid half of the million of payroll tax deferrals during the third quarter of 2021 and repaid the remaining portion in the third quarter 2022 to eliminate the liability. The payroll tax deferral at December 31, 2021 was included in accrued salaries and benefits on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Revolving Line of Credit 

Senior Notes due 

Senior Notes due 

Less: unamortized debt issuance costs, discount and 
 premium 

Less: current portion 

Long-term debt 

New Credit Facility 
 The Company entered into a credit agreement establishing a new senior credit facility (the New Credit Facility on . The New Credit Facility provides for a million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility and a million senior secured term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility and, together with the Revolving Facility, the Senior Facilities ), each maturing on unless extended in accordance with the terms of the New Credit Facility. The Revolving Facility further provides for (i) up to million to be utilized for the issuance of letters of credit and (ii) the availability of a swingline facility under which the Company may borrow up to million. 
 As a part of the closing of the New Credit Facility on , the Company (i) refinanced and terminated the Company s prior credit facilities under an amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of December 31, 2012 (the Prior Credit 
 F-23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 million of availability under the Revolving Facility and had standby letters of credit outstanding of million related to security for the payment of claims required by its workers compensation insurance program at December 31, 2022. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid million of the balance outstanding on the Revolving Facility. During the third quarter of 2021, the Company repaid million of the initial million balance outstanding on the Revolving Facility. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company had a draw of million on the Revolving Facility related to the CenterPointe acquisition. 
 The New Credit Facility requires quarterly principal repayments for the Term Loan Facility of million for March 31, 2023 to March 31, 2024, million for June 30, 2024 to March 31, 2025, million for June 30, 2025 to December 31, 2025, with the remaining principal balance of the Term Loan Facility due on the maturity date of . 
 The Company has the ability to increase the amount of the Senior Facilities, which may take the form of increases to the Revolving Facility or the Term Loan Facility or the issuance of one or more incremental term loan facilities (collectively, the Incremental Facilities ), upon obtaining additional commitments from new or existing lenders and the satisfaction of customary conditions precedent for such Incremental Facilities. Such Incremental Facilities may not exceed the sum of (i) the greater of million and an amount equal to of the Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the New Credit Facility) of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the New Credit Facility) (as determined for the four fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial statements are available), and (ii) additional amounts so long as, after giving effect thereto, the Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the New Credit Facility) does not exceed to 1.0. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, substantially all of the Company s existing and subsequently acquired or organized direct or indirect wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries are required to guarantee the repayment of the Company s obligations under the New Credit Facility. Borrowings under the Senior Facilities bear interest at a floating rate, which will initially be, at the Company s option, either (i) adjusted LIBOR plus or (ii) an alternative base rate plus (in each case, subject to adjustment based on the Company s consolidated total net leverage ratio). An unused fee initially set at per annum (subject to adjustment based on the Company s consolidated total net leverage ratio) is payable quarterly in arrears based on the actual daily undrawn portion of the commitments in respect of the Revolving Facility. 
 The New Credit Facility contains customary representations and affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations on the Company s and its subsidiaries ability to incur additional debt, grant or permit additional liens, make investments and acquisitions, merge or consolidate with others, dispose of assets, pay dividends and distributions, pay junior indebtedness and enter into affiliate transactions, in each case, subject to customary exceptions. In addition, the New Credit Facility contains financial covenants requiring the Company on a consolidated basis to maintain, as of the last day of any consecutive four fiscal quarter period, a consolidated total net leverage ratio of not more than to 1.0 and an interest coverage ratio of at least to 1.0. The New Credit Facility also includes events of default customary for facilities of this type and upon the occurrence of such events of default, among other things, all outstanding loans under the Senior Facilities may be accelerated and/or the lenders commitments terminated. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with such covenants. 
 Prior Credit Facility 
 The Company entered into a credit agreement establishing a senior secured credit facility (the Senior Secured Credit Facility on . On , the Company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement establishing the Prior Credit Facility, which amended and restated the Senior Secured Credit Facility. The Company amended the Prior Credit Facility from time to time as described in the Company s prior filings with the SEC. 
 On , the Company entered into the Thirteenth Amendment (the Thirteenth Amendment to the Prior Credit Facility. The Thirteenth Amendment amended the Consolidated Leverage Ratio in the prior covenant to increase such leverage ratio for the rest of 2020. 
 On November 13, 2020, the Company entered into the Fourth Repricing Facilities Amendment (the Fourth Repricing Facilities Amendment to the Prior Credit Facility. The Fourth Repricing Facilities Amendment extended the maturity date of each of the prior revolving line of credit and the Term Loan A Facility of the Prior Credit Facility TLA Facility from to . The Fourth Repricing Facilities Amendment also (1) replaced the revolving line of credit in an aggregate committed amount of million with an aggregate committed amount of approximately million and (2) replaced the TLA Facility aggregate outstanding principal amount of approximately million with an aggregate principal amount of approximately million. The interest rate margin applicable to both facilities remained unchanged from the prior facilities, and the commitment fee applicable to the new revolving line of credit also remained unchanged from the prior revolving line of credit. In connection with the Fourth Repricing Facilities Amendment, the Company recorded a debt extinguishment charge 
 F-24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 million, including the write-off of discount and deferred financing costs, which was recorded in debt extinguishment costs in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 On January 5, 2021, the Company made a voluntary payment of million on the Term Loan B Facility Tranche B-4 of the Prior Credit Facility Tranche B-4 Facility ). On January 19, 2021, the Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the U.K. Sale to repay the outstanding balances of million of the TLA Facility and million of the Tranche B-4 Facility . As a part of the closing of the New Credit Facility on , the Company refinanced and terminated the Prior Credit Facility. At March 31, 2021, in connection with the termination of the Prior Credit Facility, the Company recorded a debt extinguishment charge of million, including the write-off of discount and deferred financing costs, which was recorded in debt extinguishment costs in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Senior Notes 
 5.500 Senior Notes due 2028 
 On June 24, 2020, the Company issued million of Senior Notes due 2028 (the 5.500 Senior Notes ). The 5.500 Senior Notes mature on and bear interest at a rate of 5.500 per annum, . 
 5.000 Senior Notes due 2029 
 On October 14, 2020, the Company issued million of Senior Notes due 2029 (the Senior Notes ). The 5.000 Senior Notes mature on and bear interest at a rate of per annum, . The Company used the net proceeds of the Senior Notes to prepay approximately million of the outstanding borrowings on the Company s Term Loan B Facility Tranche B-3 of the Prior Credit Facility Tranche B-3 Facility and used the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes and to pay related fees and expenses in connection with the offering. In connection with the 5.000 Senior Notes, the Company recorded a debt extinguishment charge of million, including the write-off of discount and deferred financing costs of the Tranche B-3 Facility, which was recorded in debt extinguishment costs in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 The indentures governing the 5.500 Senior Notes and the 5.000 Senior Notes (together, the Senior Notes contain covenants that, among other things, limit the Company s ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to: (i) pay dividends, redeem stock or make other distributions or investments (ii) incur additional debt or issue certain preferred stock (iii) transfer or sell assets (iv) engage in certain transactions with affiliates (v) create restrictions on dividends or other payments by the restricted subsidiaries (vi) merge, consolidate or sell substantially all of the Company s assets and (vii) create liens on assets. 
 The Senior Notes issued by the Company are guaranteed by each of the Company s subsidiaries that guarantee the Company s obligations under the New Credit Facility. The guarantees are full and unconditional and joint and several. 
 The Company may redeem the Senior Notes at its option, in whole or part, at the dates and amounts set forth in the indentures. 
 5.625 Senior Notes due 2023 
 On February 11, 2015, the Company issued million of Senior Notes. On September 21, 2015, the Company issued million of additional Senior Notes. The additional notes formed a single class of debt securities with the 5.625 Senior Notes issued in February 2015. Giving effect to this issuance, the Company had outstanding an aggregate of million of 5.625 Senior Notes. The 5.625 Senior Notes were to mature on and bear interest at a rate of 5.625 per annum, . On , the Company redeemed the 5.625 Senior Notes. 
 6.500 Senior Notes due 2024 
 On February 16, 2016, the Company issued million of Senior Notes due 2024 (the 6.500 Senior Notes ). The 6.500 Senior Notes were to mature on and bear interest at a rate of 6.500 . On , the Company redeemed the 6.500 Senior Notes. 
 Redemption of 5.625 Senior Notes and 6.500 Senior Notes 
 On , the Company issued conditional notices of full redemption providing for the redemption in full of million of Senior Notes and million of Senior Notes to the holders of such notes. 
 F-25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 million, including million cash paid for breakage costs and the write-off of deferred financing costs of million in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 On March 17, 2021, the Company satisfied and discharged the indentures governing the 5.625 Senior Notes. In connection with the redemption of the 5.625 Senior Notes, the Company recorded debt extinguishment costs of million, including the write-off of deferred financing and premiums costs in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 6.125 Senior Notes due 2021 
 On March 12, 2013, the Company issued million of Senior Notes due 2021 (the 6.125 Senior Notes ). The 6.125 Senior Notes were to mature on and bear interest at a rate of 6.125 per annum, . On , the Company redeemed the 6.125 Senior Notes. 
 5.125 Senior Notes due 2022 
 On July 1, 2014, the Company issued million of Senior Notes due 2022 (the 5.125 Senior Notes ). The 5.125 Senior Notes were to mature on and bear interest at a rate of 5.125 per annum, . On , the Company redeemed the 5.125 Senior Notes. 
 Redemption of 6.125 Senior Notes and 5.125 Senior Notes 
 On June 10, 2020, the Company issued conditional notices of full redemption providing for the redemption in full of the Senior Notes and Senior Notes on July 10, 2020 (the Redemption Date ), in each case at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including the Redemption Date (the Redemption Price ). On June 24, 2020, the Company satisfied and discharged the indentures governing the 6.125 Senior Notes and the 5.125 Senior Notes by irrevocably depositing with a trustee sufficient funds equal to the Redemption Price for the 6.125 Senior Notes and the 5.125 Senior Notes and otherwise complying with the terms in the indentures relating to the satisfaction and discharge of the 6.125 Senior Notes and the 5.125 Senior Notes. In connection with the redemption of the 6.125 Senior Notes and the 5.125 Senior Notes, the Company recorded a debt extinguishment charge of million, including the write-off of the deferred financing and other costs in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Other long-term debt 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repaid other long-term debt of million, which is reflected in repayment of long-term debt within financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 Debt issuance costs are deferred and amortized to interest expense over the term of the related debt. Debt issuance costs at December 31, 2022 were million, net of accumulated amortization of million. Debt issuance costs at December 31, 2021 were million, net of accumulated amortization of million. Amortization expense related to debt issuance costs, which is included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations, was million, million and million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Other 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

F-26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 facilities through non-wholly owned subsidiaries. The Company owns between approximately and of the equity interests of these entities and noncontrolling partners own the remaining equity interests. The initial value of the noncontrolling interests is based on the fair value of contributions. The Company consolidates the operations of each facility based on its status as primary beneficiary, as further discussed in Note 13 Variable Interest Entities. The noncontrolling interests are reflected as redeemable noncontrolling interests on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets based on put rights that could require the Company to purchase the noncontrolling interests upon the occurrence of a change in control. 

Contributions from noncontrolling partners in joint ventures 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Distributions to noncontrolling partners in joint ventures 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Contributions from noncontrolling partners in joint ventures 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Acquisition of ownership interests from noncontrolling partners 

Distributions to noncontrolling partners in joint ventures 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

facilities through non-wholly owned subsidiaries. The Company owns between approximately and of the equity interests of these entities, and noncontrolling partners own the remaining equity interests. The Company manages each of these facilities, is responsible for the day to day operations and, therefore, has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. These activities include, but are not limited to, behavioral healthcare services, human resource and employment-related decisions, marketing and finance. The terms of the agreements governing each of the Company s VIEs prohibit the Company from using the assets of each VIE to satisfy the obligations of other entities. Consolidated assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include total assets of variable interest entities of million and million, respectively, which cannot be used to settle the obligations of other entities. Consolidated liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include total liabilities of variable interest entities of million and million, respectively. 
 F-27 
 
 Table of Contents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued salaries and benefits 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Other accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 

Loss on derivative instruments, net of tax 
 of ) million 

Pension liability adjustment, net of tax 
 of ) million 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 

Gain on derivative instruments, net of tax 
 of million 

U.K. Sale 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

shares of preferred stock may be issued. The board of directors has the authority to issue preferred stock in one or more series and to fix for each series the voting powers (full, limited or none), and the designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights and qualifications, limitations or restrictions on the stock and the number of shares constituting any series and the designations of this series, without any further vote or action by the stockholders. 
 Common Stock 
 The Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that up to shares of common stock may be issued. Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to held of record on all matters on which stockholders may vote. There are no preemptive, conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to shares of 
 F-28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 shares of the Company s common stock were authorized for issuance as stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units or other share-based compensation under the Equity Incentive Plan, of which were available for future grant. Stock options may be granted for terms of up to . The Company recognizes expense on all share-based awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the entire award. Grants to employees generally vest in annual increments of each year, commencing one year after the date of grant. The exercise prices of stock options are equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the most recent trading date prior to the date of grant. 
 The Company recognized million, million and million in equity-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Stock compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is impacted by forfeiture adjustments and restricted stock unit adjustments based on actual performance compared to vesting targets. At December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested options, restricted stock and restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average vesting period of years. 
 At December 31, 2022, there were warrants outstanding. The Company recognized a deferred income tax benefit of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to equity-based compensation expense. 
 Stock Options 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options cancelled 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options cancelled 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options cancelled 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 

7.44 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

5.69 

F-29 
 
 Table of Contents 

Fair values are estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected life (in years) 

5.0 

5.0 

5.0 

The Company s estimate of expected volatility for stock options is based upon the volatility of its stock price over the expected life of the award. The risk-free interest rate is the approximate yield on U. S. Treasury Strips having a life equal to the expected option life on the date of grant. The expected life is an estimate of the number of years an option will be held before it is exercised. 
 Other Stock-Based Awards 

Granted 

Cancelled 

Vested 

Unvested at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Cancelled 

Vested 

Unvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Cancelled 

Vested 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

F-30 
 
 Table of Contents 

Granted 

Performance adjustment 

Cancelled 

Vested 

Unvested at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Performance adjustment 

Cancelled 

Vested 

Unvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Performance adjustment 

Cancelled 

Vested 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

Restricted stock awards are time-based vesting awards that vest over a period of or and are subject to continuing service of the employee or non-employee director over the ratable vesting periods. The fair values of the restricted stock awards were determined based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the trading date immediately prior to the grant date. 
 Restricted stock units are granted to employees and are subject to Company performance compared to pre-established targets. In addition to Company performance, these performance-based restricted stock units are subject to the continuing service of the employee during the three-year period covered by the awards. The performance condition for the restricted stock units is based on the Company s achievement of annually established targets for diluted earnings per share. The number of shares issuable at the end of the applicable vesting period of restricted stock units ranges from to of the targeted units based on the Company s actual performance compared to the targets. 
 The fair values of restricted stock units were determined based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the trading date immediately prior to the grant date for units subject to performance conditions. 

State 

Foreign 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total deferred provision 

Provision for income taxes 

F-31 
 
 Table of Contents 

Impact of foreign operations 

Effects of statutory rate change 

State income taxes, net of federal tax effect 

Permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Unrecognized tax benefit release 

Federal tax credits 

Basis recognition related to foreign divestiture 

CARES Act impacts to net operating losses 

Other 

Effective income tax rate 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the provision for income taxes was million, reflecting an effective tax rate of , compared to million, reflecting an effective tax rate of , for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Domestic 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

F-32 
 
 Table of Contents 

Capital loss carryovers 

Bad debt allowance 

Accrued compensation and severance 

Insurance reserves 

Leases 

Accrued expenses 

Interest carryforwards 

Lease right-of-use liabilities 

Fixed asset basis difference 

Other assets 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed asset basis difference 

Prepaid items 

Accrued expenses 

Intangible assets 

Lease right-of-use assets 

Investment in foreign subsidiary 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Total net deferred tax liability 

The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its net deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company carried a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets of million and million, respectively. These amounts are primarily related to deferred tax assets related to the Company s capital loss carryforward resulting from the U.K. Sale and certain state net operating losses. If the capital loss carryforward is not utilized, it will begin to expire in . 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards. The foreign net operating loss carryforwards at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are approximately million and million, respectively, and have no expiration. 
 The Company has state net operating loss carryforwards at December 31, 2022 and 2021 of approximately million and million, respectively. These net operating loss carryforwards, if not used to offset future taxable income, will expire from to . In addition, the Company has certain state tax credits of million which will begin to expire in if not utilized. 
 Income taxes receivable was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million of income taxes receivable has been included in other assets due to anticipated delays in receipt of income tax refunds associated with amended tax return filings. The remaining million and million of income taxes receivable is included in other current assets in the December 31, 2022 and 2021 consolidated balance sheet, respectively. Income taxes payable of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was included in other accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 t record any amounts related to unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company s accounting policy is to record any interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense, when applicable. 

Additions based on tax positions related to the 
 current year 

Reductions as a result of the lapse of applicable 
 statutes of limitations and settlements with tax authorities 

Balance at December 31 

The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in federal and in many state and local jurisdictions as well as foreign jurisdictions. The Company may be subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS for calendar years through . Additionally, any net operating losses that were generated in prior years and utilized in these years may also be subject to examination by the IRS. While no foreign jurisdictions are presently under examination, the Company may be subject to examination for calendar years through . Generally, for state tax purposes, the Company s through tax years remain open for examination by the tax authorities. At the date of this report, there were no audits or inquires that had progressed sufficiently to predict their ultimate outcome. million to manage foreign currency risk by effectively converting a portion of its fixed-rate USD-denominated senior notes, including the semi-annual interest payments thereunder, to fixed-rate GBP-denominated debt of million. During the term of the swap agreements, the Company received semi-annual interest payments in USD from the counterparties at fixed interest rates, and the Company made semi-annual interest payments in GBP to the counterparties at fixed interest rates. The interest payments under the cross-currency swap agreements resulted in million of annual cash flows from the Company s U.K. business being converted to million. 
 In conjunction with the U.K. Sale in January 2021, the Company settled its cross currency swap liability and outstanding forward contracts as shown in investing activities on the consolidated statement of cash flows. 

5.500 Senior Notes due 2028 

5.000 Senior Notes due 2029 

The Company s New Credit Facility, Senior Notes and Senior Notes were categorized as Level 2 in the GAAP fair value hierarchy. Fair values were based on trading activity among the Company s lenders and the average bid and ask price as determined using published rates. 
 F-34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 million, million and million related to the 401(k) plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 F-35 
 
 Table of Contents 

Senior Notes and the Senior Notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on an unsecured senior basis by all of the Company s subsidiaries that guarantee the Company s obligations under the New Credit Facility. Summarized financial information presented below is consistent with the consolidated financial statements of the Company, except transactions between combining entities have been eliminated. Financial information for the combined non-guarantor entities has been excluded. Presented below is financial information for the combined wholly-owned subsidiary guarantors at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the year ended December 31, 2022. The summarized balance sheet information at December 31, 2021, has been adjusted to reclassify certain wholly-owned subsidiaries as non-guarantor entities. 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Total noncurrent assets 

Current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Total noncurrent liabilities 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

Total equity 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

Net income 

Net income attributable to Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. 

F-36 

<EX-21>
 2
 achc-ex21_130.htm
 EX-21

achc-ex21_130.htm

Exhibit 21 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

(including dba name, if applicable) 

Abilene Holding Company, LLC 
 Abilene Legacy Sub, LLC 
 dba Abilene Behavioral Health 
 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 

Acadia Assurance Company 
 Acadia Battle Creek Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia Central Florida JV Holdings, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 
 Tennessee 
 Delaware 

Acadia Chattanooga Holdings, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 

Acadia Columbus JV Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Acadia Crestwyn Holdings, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 

Acadia CTC Holdings, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 

Acadia Denver JV Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Acadia Detroit JV Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia Eastern NC JV Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia Fort Wayne JV Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia IN HoldCo, LLC 
 Acadia JV Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia Knoxville JV Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia LaPlace Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia Management Company, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Tennessee 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 

Acadia Merger Sub, LLC 
 Acadia Middlesex JV Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia Nashville JV Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia New Bedford Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia PA JV Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Tennessee 

Acadia Reading Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia Real Estate Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 

Acadia Realty Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia San Diego JV Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 

Acadia St. Paul JV Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia St. Paul JV, LLC 
 Acadia - SCL Health JV, LLC 
 Acadia - Tufts Medicine JV, LLC 
 Acadia - Vidant Joint Venture, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 

Acadiana Addiction Center, LLC 
 dba Acadiana Addiction Center 
 
 Delaware 

Advanced Treatment Systems, LLC 
 dba Coatesville Treatment Center 
 dba Coatesville Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Lebanon Treatment Center 
 dba Lebanon Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Virginia 

Arizona Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Casa Grande Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Delaware 

Arkansas Treatment Centers, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

dba Fort Smith Comprehensive Treatment Center 

Ascent Acquisition - CYPDC, LLC 
 dba Ascent Acquisition - CYPDC 
 
 Arkansas 

Ascent Acquisition - PSC, LLC 
 dba Ascent Acquisition - PSC 
 
 Arkansas 

Ascent Acquisition, LLC 
 dba Ascent Children s Health Services 
 dba Ascent 
 
 Arkansas 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

(including dba name, if applicable) 

Aspen Education Group, Inc. 
 
 California 

Aspen Youth, Inc. 
 
 California 

Atlanta Recovery Center, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

ATS of Cecil County, LLC 
 dba Cumberland Treatment Center 
 dba Cumberland Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Elkton Treatment Center 
 dba Elkton Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Pine Heights Treatment Center 
 dba Pine Heights Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Virginia 

ATS of Delaware, LLC 
 dba Claymont Treatment Center 
 dba Claymont Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Newark Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Dover Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Virginia 

ATS of North Carolina, LLC 
 dba Carolina Treatment Center of Fayetteville 
 dba Carolina Treatment Center of Pinehurst 
 dba Carolina Treatment Center of Goldsboro 
 dba Cumberland County Treatment Center 
 dba Mountain Health Solutions North Wilkesboro 
 dba Mountain Health Solutions Asheville 
 dba Fayetteville Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Goldsboro Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Pinehurst Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Asheville Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba North Wilkesboro Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Winston-Salem Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Virginia 

Austin Behavioral Hospital, LLC 
 dba Cross Creek Hospital 
 dba Cross Creek Behavioral Hospital 
 
 Delaware 

Austin Eating Disorders Partners, LLC 
 dba McCallum Place Austin 
 dba Cedar Springs Austin 
 
 Missouri 

Azure Acres Treatment Center, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Baton Rouge Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Baton Rouge Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Louisiana 

Bayside Marin, Inc. 
 dba Bayside Marin I 
 dba Bayside Marin II 
 dba Bayside Marin III 
 dba Bayside Marin IV 
 dba Bayside San Francisco 
 
 Delaware 

BCA of Detroit, LLC 
 dba BCA Stonecrest Center 
 dba StoneCrest Center 
 
 Delaware 

Beckley Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Beckley Treatment Center 
 dba Beckley Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 West Virginia 

Belmont Behavioral Hospital, LLC 
 dba Philadelphia Children s Crisis Response Center 
 
 Delaware 

Belmont Physician Services, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

(including dba name, if applicable) 

Bethlehem Behavioral Health, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

BGI of Brandywine, LLC 
 dba Bowling Green at Brandywine 
 
 Virginia 

Blue Ridge Mountain Recovery Center, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Bowling Green Inn of Pensacola, LLC 
 dba Twelve Oaks 
 dba Twelve Oaks Treatment Center 
 dba Wellness Resource Center 
 
 Virginia 

Bowling Green Inn of South Dakota, Inc. 
 dba Keystone Treatment Center 
 
 Virginia 

Bronson-Acadia Joint Venture, LLC 
 dba Bronson Behavioral Health Hospital 
 California Treatment Services, LLC 
 dba Recovery Solutions of Santa Ana 
 
 Michigan 
 
 California 

Canopy Cove, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Capestrano Investment Company, Inc. 
 
 Puerto Rico 

Capestrano Realty Company, Inc. 
 
 Puerto Rico 

CAPS of Virginia, LLC 
 
 Virginia 

Cartersville Center, LLC 
 dba Cartersville Center 
 dba Cartersville Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Georgia 

Cascade Behavioral Holding Company, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Cascade Behavioral Hospital, LLC 
 dba Cascade Behavioral Health 
 
 Delaware 

CBHS Management Company, LLC 
 CBHS Management Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 

Cedar Crest Clinic 
 
 Texas 

Center for Behavioral Health-HA, LLC 
 dba Harrisburg Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Farrell Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Center for Behavioral Health-ME, Inc. 
 dba Discovery House 
 dba South Portland Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Maine 

Center for Behavioral Health-PA, LLC 
 dba Cranberry Township Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Pittsburgh Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Pennsylvania 

CenterPointe Behavioral Health System, LLC 
 CenterPointe Columbia Real Estate, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 Missouri 

Centerpointe Community Based Services, LLC 
 
 Indiana 

CenterPointe Hospital of Columbia, LLC 
 
 Missouri 

Charleston Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Charleston Treatment Center 
 dba Charleston Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 West Virginia 

Chicago BH Hospital, LLC 
 dba Montrose Behavioral Health Hospital 
 
 Delaware 

Clarksburg Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Clarksburg Treatment Center 
 dba Clarksburg Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 Clarksville Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Clarksville Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 West Virginia 

Tennessee 

Clearbrook Treatment Centers, LLC 
 dba Huntington Creek Recovery Center 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Clearbrook Treatment Centers Land, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

(including dba name, if applicable) 

Commodore Acquisition Sub, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Conway Behavioral Health, LLC 
 Corrections - Comprehensive Treatment Centers, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 

CP Acquisition Sub, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

CPCA, LLC 
 dba Ann Arbor Treatment Center 
 dba Cedar Rapids Treatment Center 
 dba Holland Treatment Center 
 dba Midcoast Treatment Center 
 dba Western Michigan Treatment Center 
 
 Delaware 

CRC ED Treatment, LLC 
 dba Center for Hope of the Sierras 
 dba Montecatini 
 dba Montecatini II 
 dba Carolina House 
 dba Carolina House-Raleigh 
 dba Montecatini Outpatient Treatment Center 
 
 Delaware 

CRC Group, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

CRC Health, LLC 
 dba eGetgoing 
 
 Delaware 

CRC Health Oregon, LLC 
 dba Albany Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Tigard Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Allied Health Services Portland -Alder 
 dba Allied Health Services Ontario 
 dba Allied Health Services Portland - Belmont 
 dba Allied Health Services East 
 dba Allied Health Services Portland - Burnside 
 dba Allied Health Services Beaverton 
 dba Allied Health Services - Medford 
 dba Allied Health Services for Drug Recovery 
 dba Willamette Valley Treatment Center 
 dba Salem Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Downtown Portland Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Belmont Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba East Portland Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Medford Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Hillsboro Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Oregon 

CRC Health Tennessee, LLC 
 dba New Life Lodge 
 dba New Life Recovery Services-Cookeville 
 dba Mirror Lake Recovery Center 
 dba New Life Recovery Services-Jacksboro 
 dba New Life Recovery Services-Jamestown 
 dba New Life Recovery Services-Knoxville 
 dba New Life Recovery Services-Knoxville West 
 
 Tennessee 

CRC Health Treatment Clinics, LLC 
 dba North Florida Treatment Center 
 dba Maricopa County Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Hattiesburg Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Gulf Coast Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Shelbyville Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Southaven Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Kentuckian Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba North Orlando Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Volusia County Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba West Tampa Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Volusia County Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba St. Lucie Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Panhandle Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Ft. Lauderdale Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba North Miami Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Lakeland Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba North Florida Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Longwood Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Delaware 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

(including dba name, if applicable) 

CRC Recovery, Inc. 
 dba Midcoast Treatment Center 
 dba Cedar Rapids Treatment Center 
 dba Cedar Rapids Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Lansing Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Council Bluffs Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Ann Arbor Treatment Center 
 dba Ann Arbor Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Western Michigan Treatment Center 
 dba Western Michigan Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Delaware 

CRC Wisconsin RD, LLC 
 dba Burkwood Treatment Center 
 
 Wisconsin 

Crestwyn Health Group, LLC 
 Crossroads Regional Hospital, LLC 
 dba Longleaf Hospital 
 
 Tennessee 
 Delaware 

Cumberland Behavioral Health, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Danville Hospital Opco, LLC 
 dba Geisinger Behavioral Health Center Danville 
 
 Delaware 

Delta Medical Services, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 

Detroit Behavioral Institute, LLC 
 dba Capstone Academy 
 dba Detroit Behavioral Institute Capstone Program 
 dba Detroit Capstone 
 
 Massachusetts 

DHG Services, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Discovery House, LLC 
 dba Huntingdon Valley Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Discovery House-BC, LLC 
 dba Duncansville Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Discovery House-BR, Inc. 
 dba Bangor Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Maine 

Discovery House CC, LLC 
 Dba Mechanicsburg Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Discovery House CU, LLC 
 dba Clearfield Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Discovery House-Group, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Discovery House-HZ, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Discovery House-LT, Inc. 
 dba Layton Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Utah 

Discovery House MA, Inc. 
 
 Massachusetts 

Discovery House Monroeville, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Discovery House-NC, LLC 
 dba New Castle Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

(including dba name, if applicable) 

Discovery House of Central Maine, Inc. 
 dba Waterville Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Maine 

Discovery House TV, Inc. 
 dba Taylorsville Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Utah 

Discovery House-UC, Inc. 
 dba Orem Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Utah 

Discovery House Utah, Inc. 
 dba Salt Lake City Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Utah 

Discovery House WC, Inc. 
 
 Maine 

dba DHNM - Northern Maine 
 dba Presque Isle Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Calais Comprehensive Treatment Center 

DMC-Memphis, LLC 
 dba Delta Medical Center 
 dba Delta Specialty Hospital 
 dba Delta Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Tennessee 

Dowell Springs Behavioral Health, LLC 
 dba East Tennessee Behavioral Health 
 
 Tennessee 

Duffy s Napa Valley Rehab, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

East Indiana Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba East Indiana Treatment Center 
 dba East Indiana Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Indiana 

East Lake Behavioral Health, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

El Paso Behavioral Hospital, LLC 
 dba Vista Behavioral Health 
 
 Delaware 

Erlanger Behavioral Health, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 

Evansville Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Evansville Treatment Center 
 dba Evansville Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Indiana 

FenX Healthcare, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Four Circles Recovery Center, LLC 
 dba Four Circles Evolution 
 
 Delaware 

FWBH, LLC 
 dba Maple Heights Behavioral Health 
 Galax Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Life Center of Galax 
 dba New River Treatment Center 
 dba Winchester Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Christiansburg Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba New River Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Clinch Valley Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Virginia 

Generations BH, LLC 
 Georgia CTC, LLC 
 dba Cumming Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Dallas Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Loganville Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Woodstock Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Ohio 
 Delaware 

Gifford Street Wellness Center, LLC 
 dba Gifford Street Wellness Center 
 dba Gifford Street Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Delaware 

Ginger Holdco, LLC 
 Glenmaura Holdings, LLC 
 dba Geisinger Behavioral Health Center Northeast 
 Greenbrier Acquisition, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 
 Delaware 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

(including dba name, if applicable) 

Greenbrier Holdings, L.L.C. 
 
 Louisiana 

Greenbrier Hospital, L.L.C. 
 dba Covington Behavioral Health 
 
 Louisiana 

Greenbrier Realty, L.L.C. 
 
 Louisiana 

Greenleaf Center, LLC 
 dba Greenleaf Center 
 dba Greenleaf Behavioral Health Hospital 
 
 Delaware 

Habilitation Center, LLC 
 dba Millcreek of Arkansas 
 dba Little Creek Behavioral Health 
 
 Arkansas 

Habit Opco, LLC 
 dba Habit OPCO West Lebanon 
 dba Habit OPCO Manchester 
 dba Habit OPCO Wareham 
 dba Habit OPCO Lynn 
 dba Habit OPCO - Boston 
 dba Habit OPCO Brattleboro 
 dba Habit OPCO - Pottstown 
 dba Habit OPCO Suburban Treatment Associates 
 dba Habit OPCO - Strathmore Treatment Associates 
 dba Habit OPCO Allentown 
 dba Habit OPCO Dunmore 
 dba Habit OPCO Taunton 
 dba Habit OPCO Springfield 
 dba Habit OPCO Fitchburg 
 dba Habit OPCO Fall River 
 dba Habit OPCO Lowell 
 dba Habit OPCO - Watsontown 
 dba Bennington Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Delaware 

dba Amesbury Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Allentown Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Dunmore Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Watsontown Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Manchester Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba West Lebanon Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Central Jersey Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Brattleboro Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Boston Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Wareham Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Taunton Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Brockton Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Lawrence Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Fitchburg Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Springfield Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Lynn Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Concord Comprehensive Treatment Center 

HCP Polaris Investment, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Hendersonville Recovery Center, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Henryville Inn, LLC 
 HEP CenterPointe Holdings, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 Delaware 

Hermitage Behavioral, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

(including dba name, if applicable) 

HFHS-Acadia Joint Venture, LLC 
 
 Michigan 

HMIH Cedar Crest, LLC 
 dba Cedar Crest Hospital RTC 
 
 Delaware 

HSI-Acadia Joint Venture, LLC 
 Huntington Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Huntington Treatment Center 
 dba Huntington Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Delaware 
 West Virginia 

Indianapolis Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Indianapolis Treatment Center 
 dba Indianapolis Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Indiana 

Indio Behavioral Hospital, LLC 
 Integrated Treatment Centers, LLC 
 dba Green Bay Integrated Treatment Center 
 dba Park Royal Integrated Treatment Center 
 IVRTC, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 

Delaware 

Kids Behavioral Health of Montana, Inc. 
 dba Acadia Montana 
 
 Montana 

Lakeland Hospital Acquisition, LLC 
 dba Lakeland Regional Hospital 
 dba Lakeland Behavioral Health System 
 
 Georgia 

Little Hills Healthcare L.L.C. 
 McCallum Group, LLC 
 
 Missouri 
 Missouri 

McCallum Properties, LLC 
 Mesa Development Sub, LLC 
 
 Missouri 
 Delaware 

Middle Tennessee Treatment Centers, LLC 
 dba Cleveland Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Hermitage Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba South Nashville Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Hendersonville Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Tennessee 

Millcreek School of Arkansas, LLC 
 
 Arkansas 

Millcreek Schools, LLC 
 
 Mississippi 

Millerton Acquisition Sub, LLC 
 Milwaukee Health Services System, LLC 
 dba 10th Street Clinic 
 dba River s Shore Clinic 
 dba Madison Health Services 
 dba Valley Health Services 
 dba Wausau Health Services 
 dba Appleton Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Madison East Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba 10 th Street Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba River s Shore Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Wausau Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba North West Wisconsin Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Eau Claire Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Delaware 
 California 

Mission Treatment Centers, Inc. 
 dba Hefner Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Henderson Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Las Vegas Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Oklahoma City Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Scottsdale Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Tulsa Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 Mission Treatment Services, Inc. 
 dba San Diego Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Oceanside Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Escondido Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 Mississippi Comprehensive Treatment Centers, LLC 
 dba Jackson Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Nevada 

California 

Delaware 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

(including dba name, if applicable) 

Mount Bachelor Educational Center, Inc. 
 
 Oregon 

Mount Carmel Behavioral Healthcare, LLC 
 dba Mount Carmel Behavioral Health 
 
 Delaware 

Mt. Airy Development, LLC 
 dba Glenwood Behavioral Health Hospital 
 dba Cardinal Creek Behavioral Health 
 
 Ohio 

Muncie Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Muncie Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Indiana 

NM CenterPointe Holdings, Inc. 
 Northeast Behavioral Health, LLC 
 North Port BH, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 

Ochsner-Acadia, LLC 
 dba River Place Behavioral Health 
 
 Delaware 

Ohio Hospital for Psychiatry, LLC 
 
 Ohio 

Ohio Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Cleveland Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Canton Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Toledo Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Delaware 

Options Treatment Center Acquisition Corporation 
 dba Options Behavioral Health System 
 dba Options Treatment Center 
 dba YFCS OPT 
 
 Indiana 

Parkersburg Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Parkersburg Treatment Center 
 dba Parkersburg Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 West Virginia 

PC Ohio Treatment Centers, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

PHC MeadowWood, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

PHC of Michigan, LLC 
 dba Harbor Oaks Hospital 
 dba Pioneer Healthcare of Michigan 
 dba Wellplace Michigan 
 
 Massachusetts 

PHC of Utah, Inc. 
 dba Highland Ridge Hospital 
 dba Wellplace Utah 
 PHC of Virginia, LLC 
 dba Mount Regis Center 
 
 Massachusetts 

Massachusetts 

Philadelphia Crisis Response Center, LLC 
 Pine Grove BH Services, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 

Piney Ridge Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Piney Ridge Treatment Center 
 dba Piney Ridge Center 
 dba Ridgeview Group Home 
 Pocono Mountain Recovery Center, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Pennsylvania 

Pocono Mountain Recovery Center Land, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Polaris Hospital Holdings, LLC 
 
 Nevada 

Psychiatric Resource Partners, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Quality Addiction Management, Inc. 
 dba West Milwaukee Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Racine Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Madison West Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Waukesha Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Sheboygan Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Green Bay Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Beloit Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Wisconsin 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

(including dba name, if applicable) 

Reading Behavioral Healthcare, LLC 
 dba Tower Behavioral Health 
 
 Delaware 

Rebound Behavioral Health, LLC 
 
 South Carolina 

Rebound Lodge, LLC 
 Red River Holding Company, LLC 
 
 South Carolina 
 Delaware 

Red River Hospital, LLC 
 dba Red River Hospital 
 
 Delaware 

Rehabilitation Centers, LLC 
 dba Millcreek of Magee 
 dba Millcreek of Pontotoc 
 dba Millcreek of Mississippi 
 
 Mississippi 

Resolute Acquisition Corporation 
 dba Resolute Treatment Center 
 dba Resolute Treatment Facility 
 dba YFCS REL 
 dba Resolute 
 dba Polaris Group Home 
 dba Success Group Home 
 
 Indiana 

Richmond Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Richmond Treatment Center 
 dba Richmond Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Indiana 

R.I.S.A.T., LLC 
 dba Providence Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Woonsocket Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Rhode Island 

Riverview Behavioral Health, LLC 
 dba Vista Health Texarkana 
 dba Riverview Behavioral Health 
 dba Providence Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Texas 

RiverWoods Behavioral Health, LLC 
 dba Riverwoods Behavioral Health 
 dba Blue Ridge Mountain Recovery Center 
 dba Acadia Riverwood 
 
 Delaware 

Rock Crest Drive, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Rock Crest LLC Limited Liability Company 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Rolling Hills Hospital, LLC 
 
 Oklahoma 

RTC Resource Acquisition Corporation 
 dba YFCS RES 
 dba Resource Treatment Facility 
 dba RTC Resource 
 dba Polaris Group Home 
 dba Carina Group Home 
 
 Indiana 

Sahara Health Systems, L.L.C. 
 
 Louisiana 

San Diego Health Alliance 
 dba El Cajon Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba El Cajon Integrated Treatment Center 
 dba El Cajon Treatment Center 
 dba Ramona Integrated Treatment Center 
 dba Fashion Valley Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Capalina Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 California 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

(including dba name, if applicable) 

San Diego Treatment Services , LLC 
 dba Third Avenue Clinic 
 
 California 

San Juan Capestrano Hospital, Inc. 
 SC Legacy Sub, LLC 
 
 Puerto Rico 
 Ohio 

Serenity Knolls 
 
 California 

Seven Hills Hospital, LLC 
 Seymour Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Seymour Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 SG CenterPointe Blocker, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 Indiana 
 
 Delaware 

Sheltered Living Incorporated 
 dba Life Healing Center of Santa Fe 
 
 Texas 

Sierra Tucson, LLC 
 dba Sierra Tucson 
 Sierra Tucson OPAZ, LLC 
 dba Sierra Tucson Outpatient 
 dba Sierra at Scottsdale 
 Sierra Tucson OPTX, LLC 
 dba Sierra at Southlake 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Delaware 

Delaware 

Signature Behavioral Hospital Operations, LLC 
 Signature Hospital of Leavenworth, LLC 
 SJBH, LLC 
 
 Missouri 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 

Skyway House, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Sober Living by the Sea, Inc. 
 dba Sunrise Recovery Ranch 
 dba The Rose of Newport Beach 
 dba The Victorian of Newport Beach 
 dba Sober Living IOP 
 dba The Landing at Newport Beach 
 dba Sunrise Ranch 
 dba Sierra by the Sea 
 
 California 

Sonora Behavioral Health Hospital, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Southern Indiana Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Southern Indiana Treatment Center 
 dba Southern Indiana Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 Southstone Behavioral Healthcare Center, LLC 
 
 Indiana 

Delaware 

Southwestern Children s Health Services, Inc. 
 dba Parc Place 
 dba Parc Place Behavioral 
 dba Oasis Behavioral Health Hospital 
 
 Arizona 

Southwood Psychiatric Hospital, LLC 
 dba Southwood Psychiatric Hospital 
 dba Intercare Southwood Psychiatric Hospital 
 dba Intercare Southwood Psychiatric Hospital 
 dba Lakewood Residential Program 
 dba Prosperity House Residential Program 
 dba Southwood Family Home Services 
 dba Southwood School 
 dba Southwood Outpatient Psychiatric Clinic 
 dba Southwood Partial Hospitalization Program 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Starlite Recovery Center, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

(including dba name, if applicable) 

Stone Crest Clinic 
 
 Michigan 

Structure House, LLC 
 dba Wellspring at Structure House 
 
 Delaware 

Success Acquisition, LLC 
 
 Indiana 

SUWS of the Carolinas, Inc. 
 dba SUWS Seasons 
 
 Delaware 

Swift River Academy, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 

Ten Broeck Tampa, LLC 
 dba North Tampa Behavioral Health 
 
 Florida 

Ten Lakes Center, LLC 
 
 Ohio 

Texarkana Behavioral Associates, L.C. 
 dba Riverview Behavioral Health Outpatient Program 
 dba Vantage Point Behavioral Health 
 dba Vantage Point of Northwest Arkansas 
 dba Vantage Point of the Ozarks 
 dba Valley Behavioral Health System 
 dba Valley Behavioral Health Outpatient Program 
 dba Valley Behavioral Health System Outpatient Program 
 dba Vista Health 
 dba Riverview Behavioral Health 
 
 Texas 

The Camp Recovery Center, LLC 
 dba Azure Acres 
 dba Starlite Recovery Center 
 dba The Camp Recovery Center 
 dba Camp IOP-Campbell 
 dba Camp IOP-Scotts Valley 
 dba Camp IOP-Monterey 
 dba Azure Acres IOP 
 
 California 

The Pavilion at HealthPark, LLC 
 dba Park Royal Hospital 
 dba Park Royal Psychiatric Hospital at Healthpark 
 dba Park Royal Outpatient Clinic 
 
 Florida 

The Refuge, A Healing Place, LLC 
 The Refuge-The Nest, LLC 
 
 Florida 
 Florida 

The Refuge - Transitions, LLC 
 
 Florida 

TK Behavioral Holding Company, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

TK Behavioral, LLC 
 dba Timberline Knolls 
 dba Timberline Knolls Residential Treatment Center 
 
 Delaware 

Transcultural Health Development, Inc. 
 dba Coastal Recovery Center 
 dba Coastal Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 California 

Treatment Associates, Inc. 
 dba Sacramento Treatment Center 
 dba Sacramento Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 California 

TrustPoint Hospital, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 

Vallejo Acquisition Sub, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Valley Behavioral Health System, LLC 
 dba Valley Behavioral Health 
 dba Valley Behavioral Health System 
 dba Vantage Point Behavioral Health 
 dba Vantage Point of Northwest Arkansas 
 
 Delaware 

Vermilion Hospital, LLC 
 dba Vermilion Behavioral Health Systems 
 dba Vermilion Behavioral Health Systems North 
 dba Vermilion Behavioral Health Systems South 
 dba Acadia Vermilion Hospital 
 dba Optima Specialty Hospital 
 
 Delaware 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

(including dba name, if applicable) 

Village Behavioral Health, LLC 
 dba The Village 
 
 Delaware 

Virginia Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Roanoke Treatment Center 
 dba Lynchburg Treatment Center 
 dba Roanoke Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Lynchburg Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 Virginia 

Vista Behavioral Holding Company, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Vista Behavioral Hospital, LLC 
 dba Pacific Grove Hospital 
 dba Vista Behavioral Hospital 
 
 Delaware 

Vita Nova, LLC 
 
 Rhode Island 

Volunteer Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Volunteer Treatment Center 
 
 Tennessee 

WCHS, Inc. 
 dba Northwest Treatment Center 
 dba Tri-Cities Treatment Center 
 dba Kent Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Canyon Park Treatment Solutions 
 dba The Renton Clinic 
 dba Tacoma Treatment Solutions 
 dba Vancouver Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Spokane Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Anchorage Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Longview Treatment Solutions 
 dba Kelso Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Grays Harbor Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Riverside Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Bellingham Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Bothell Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Colton Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Desert Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Lakewood Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 dba Temecula Valley Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 California 

Webster Wellness Professionals, LLC 
 
 Missouri 

Wellplace, LLC 
 dba Wellplace Utah 
 dba Wellplace Pennsylvania 
 
 Massachusetts 

Wheeling Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Wheeling Treatment Center 
 dba Wheeling Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 West Virginia 

White Deer Realty, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 

White Deer Run, LLC 
 dba Cove PREP 
 dba White Deer Run of Lancaster 
 dba New Perspectives at White Deer Run 
 dba White Deer Run at Blue Mountain 
 dba New Directions at Cove Forge 
 dba Cove Forge Renewal Center 
 dba White Deer Run of Allentown 
 dba White Deer Run of Allenwood 
 dba White Deer Run of Harrisburg 
 dba White Deer Run of Lewisburg 
 dba White Deer Run of Lancaster 
 dba White Deer Run of New Castle 
 dba White Deer Run of Williamsport 
 dba White Deer Run of York 
 dba Cove Forge Behavioral System at Erie 
 dba Cove Forge Behavioral System at Pittsburg 
 dba Cove Forge Behavioral System at Williamsburg 
 dba Lehigh County Center for Recovery 
 dba The HOPE Program of Cover Forge at Robinson 
 dba White Deer Run Youth Assessment Center 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

(including dba name, if applicable) 

Wichita Treatment Center Inc. 
 
 Kansas 

Williamson Treatment Center, LLC 
 dba Williamson Comprehensive Treatment Center 
 
 West Virginia 

Wilmington Treatment Center, LLC 
 
 Virginia 

WP Acquisition Sub, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Youth and Family Centered Services of New Mexico, Inc. 
 dba Desert Hills of New Mexico 
 
 New Mexico 

Youth Care of Utah, Inc. 
 dba Pine Ridge Academy 
 dba Youth Care 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 3
 achc-ex22_131.htm
 EX-22

achc-ex22_131.htm

Exhibit 22 
 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 The following subsidiaries of the Company were, as of December 31, 2022, guarantors of the Company s 5.500 Senior Notes and 5.000 Senior Notes: 
 
 Acadia IN Holdco, LLC 
 Acadia JV Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia LaPlace Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia Management Company, LLC 
 Acadia Merger Sub, LLC 
 Acadia Reading Holdings, LLC 
 Acadia Realty Holdings, LLC 
 Acadiana Addiction Center, LLC 
 Advanced Treatment Systems, LLC 
 Aspen Education Group, Inc. 
 Aspen Youth, Inc. 
 ATS of Cecil County, LLC 
 ATS of Delaware, LLC 
 ATS of North Carolina, LLC 
 Austin Behavioral Hospital, LLC 
 Azure Acres Treatment Center, LLC 
 Baton Rouge Treatment Center, LLC 
 Bayside Marin, Inc. 
 BCA of Detroit, LLC 
 Beckley Treatment Center, LLC 
 Belmont Behavioral Hospital, LLC 
 BGI of Brandywine, LLC 
 Bowling Green Inn of Pensacola, LLC 
 Bowling Green Inn of South Dakota, Inc. 
 California Treatment Services, LLC 
 Cartersville Center, LLC 
 Cascade Behavioral Holding Company, LLC 
 Cascade Behavioral Hospital, LLC 
 Center for Behavioral Health - HA, LLC 
 Center for Behavioral Health-ME, Inc. 
 Center for Behavioral Health-PA, LLC 
 CenterPointe Behavioral Health System, LLC 
 CenterPointe Columbia Real Estate, LLC 
 CenterPointe Hospital of Columbia LLC 
 Charleston Treatment Center, LLC 
 Chicago BH Hospital, LLC 
 Clarksburg Treatment Center, LLC 
 Clearbrook Treatment Centers, LLC 
 Commodore Acquisition Sub, LLC 
 Conway Behavioral Health, LLC 
 Corrections - Comprehensive Treatment Centers, LLC 
 CP Acquisition Sub, LLC 
 CRC ED Treatment, LLC 
 CRC Group, LLC 
 CRC Health, LLC 
 CRC Health Oregon, LLC 
 CRC Health Treatment Clinics, LLC 
 
 CRC Recovery, Inc. 
 CRC Wisconsin RD, LLC 
 Crossroads Regional Hospital, LLC 
 Detroit Behavioral Institute, LLC 

Discovery House CC , LLC 
 Discovery House CU, LLC 
 Discovery House of Central Maine, Inc. 
 Discovery House T v , Inc. 
 Discovery House Utah, Inc. 
 Discovery House WC, Inc. 
 Discovery House, LLC 
 Discovery House-BC, LLC 
 Discovery House-BR, Inc. 
 Discovery House-Group, LLC 
 Discovery House-LT, Inc. 
 Discovery House-NC, LLC 
 Discovery House-UC, Inc. 
 Duffy s Napa Valley Rehab, LLC 
 East Indiana Treatment Center, LLC 
 El Paso Behavioral Hospital, LLC 
 Evansville Treatment Center, LLC 
 Four Circles Recovery Center, LLC 
 Galax Treatment Center, LLC 
 Georgia CTC, LLC 
 Gifford Street Wellness Center, LLC 
 Greenbrier Acquisition, LLC 
 Greenbrier Holdings, L.L.C. 
 Greenbrier Hospital, L.L.C. 
 Greenleaf Center, LLC 
 Habilitation Center, LLC 
 Habit Opco, LLC 
 HEP CenterPointe Holdings, Inc. 
 Hermitage Behavioral, LLC 
 HMIH Cedar Crest, LLC 
 Huntington Treatment Center, LLC 
 
 Indianapolis Treatment Center, LLC 
 Indio Behavioral Hospital, LLC 
 Integrated Treatment Centers, LLC 
 Kids Behavioral Health Of Montana, Inc. 
 Lakeland Hospital Acquisition, LLC 
 Little Hills Healthcare, L.L.C. 
 McCallum Group, LLC 
 Millcreek School of Arkansas, LLC 
 Millcreek Schools, LLC 
 Millerton Acquisition Sub, LLC 
 Milwaukee Health Services System, LLC 
 Mission Treatment Centers, Inc. 
 Mission Treatment Services, Inc. 
 Mississippi Comprehensive Treatment Centers, LLC 
 Mt. Airy Development, LLC 
 Muncie Treatment Center, LLC 
 NM CenterPointe Holdings, Inc. 
 Ohio Hospital For Psychiatry, LLC 
 Ohio Treatment Center, LLC 
 Options Treatment Center Acquisition Corporation 
 Parkersburg Treatment Center, LLC 
 PHC MeadowWood, LLC 
 PHC of Michigan, LLC 
 PHC of Utah, Inc. 
 PHC of Virginia, LLC 

Piney Ridge Treatment Center, LLC 
 Pocono Mountain Recovery Center, LLC 
 Psychiatric Resource Partners, LLC 
 Quality Addiction Management, Inc. 
 R.I.S.A.T., LLC 
 Rebound Behavioral Health, LLC 
 Red River Holding Company, LLC 
 Red River Hospital, LLC 
 Rehabilitation Centers, LLC 
 Resolute Acquisition Corporation, 
 Richmond Treatment Center, LLC 
 Riverview Behavioral Health, LLC 
 Riverwoods Behavioral Health, LLC 
 Rock Crest LLC Limited Liability Company 
 Rolling Hills Hospital, LLC 
 RTC Resource Acquisition Corporation, 
 Sahara Health Systems, L.L.C. 
 San Diego Health Alliance 
 San Diego Treatment Services, LLC 
 Serenity Knolls 
 Seven Hills Hospital, LLC 
 Seymour Treatment Center, LLC 
 SG CenterPointe Blocker, LLC 
 Shaker Clinic, LLC 
 Sheltered Living Incorporated 
 Sierra Tucson, LLC 
 Signature Behavioral Hospital Operations, LLC 
 Signature Hospital of Leavenworth, LLC 
 SJBH, LLC 
 Sober Living by the Sea, Inc. 
 Sonora Behavioral Health Hospital, LLC 
 Southern Indiana Treatment Center, LLC 
 Southstone Behavioral Healthcare Center, LLC 
 Southwestern Children s Health Services, Inc. 
 Southwood Psychiatric Hospital, LLC 
 Starlite Recovery Center, LLC 
 Structure House, LLC 
 SUWS of the Carolinas, Inc. 
 Ten Broeck Tampa, LLC 
 Texarkana Behavioral Associates, L.C. 
 The Camp Recovery Center, LLC 
 The Pavilion at HealthPark, LLC 
 The Refuge, A Healing Place, LLC 
 TK Behavioral, LLC 
 TK Behavioral Holding Company, LLC 
 Transcultural Health Development, Inc. 
 Treatment Associates, Inc. 
 Vallejo Acquisition Sub, LLC 
 Valley Behavioral Health System, LLC 
 Vermilion Hospital, LLC 
 Village Behavioral Health, LLC 
 Virginia Treatment Center, LLC 
 Vista Behavioral Holding Company, LLC 
 Vista Behavioral Hospital, LLC 
 WCHS, Inc. 
 Wellplace, LLC 

Wheeling Treatment Center, LLC 
 White Deer Realty, LLC 
 White Deer Run, LLC 
 Wichita Treatment Center Inc. 
 Williamson Treatment Center, LLC 
 Wilmington Treatment Center, LLC 
 WP Acquisition Sub, LLC 
 Youth and Family Centered Services of New Mexico, Inc. 
 Youth Care of Utah, Inc. 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 4
 achc-ex23_132.htm
 EX-23

achc-ex23_132.htm

Exhibit 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 (1) Form S-8 (No. 333-177990) pertaining to the Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan; 
 (2) Form S-8 (No. 333-190232) pertaining to the Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan; 
 (3) Form S-8 (No. 333-211505) pertaining to the Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan; and 
 (4) Form S-8 (No. 333-258420) pertaining to the Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan; 
 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Nashville, Tennessee 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 achc-ex311_112.htm
 EX-31.1

achc-ex311_112.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Christopher H. Hunter, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ Christopher H. Hunter 

Christopher H. Hunter 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 achc-ex312_111.htm
 EX-31.2

achc-ex312_111.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, David M. Duckworth, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ David M. Duckworth 

David M. Duckworth 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 achc-ex321_109.htm
 EX-32.1

achc-ex321_109.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christopher H. Hunter, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ Christopher H. Hunter 

Christopher H. Hunter 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 achc-ex322_110.htm
 EX-32.2

achc-ex322_110.htm

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David M. Duckworth, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ David M. Duckworth 

David M. Duckworth 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 achc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 achc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 achc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 achc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 achc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

