<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1472012_0001558370-23-003964.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8896750</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>879917</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1646427</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3320991</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1246999</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1619231</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>23</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-003964.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316073306
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-003964
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Immunome Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001472012
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				770694340
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39580
		FILM NUMBER:		23737147

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		665 STOCKTON DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			EXTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19341
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-321-3700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		665 STOCKTON DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			EXTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19341

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-003964.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 tmb-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of Other Jurisdiction of incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Name Of Each Exchange Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) On Which Registered Global Select Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically; every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.0405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million based on the closing price reported by NASDAQ on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter). For purposes of making this calculation only, the registrant has defined affiliates as including all executive officers, directors and beneficial owners of more than 10 of the common stock of the registrant. The number of outstanding shares of the Registrant s Common Stock as of March 13, 2023 was . Documents Incorporated by Reference Specified portions of the Registrant s definitive proxy statement to be filed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. The exhibit index is located on pages 109 to 112 of this filing. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I 5 Item 1. Business 5 Item 1A. Risk Factors 30 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 69 Item 2. Properties 69 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 69 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 69 PART II 69 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 69 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 70 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 71 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 82 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 82 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 82 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 82 Item 9B. Other Information 83 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 83 PART III 83 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 83 Item 11. Executive Compensation 84 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 84 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 84 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 84 PART IV 84 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 84 89 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (this Annual Report may include forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to our development programs, business strategy, business plan, financial performance and other future events. These statements include forward-looking statements both with respect to us, specifically, and our industry, in general. Such forward-looking statements include the words aim, anticipate, assume, believe, contemplate, continue, could, design, due, estimate, expect, goal, intend, may, objective, plan, predict, positioned, potential, seek, should, suggest, target, will, would and similar statements of a future or forward-looking nature and identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. There are or will be important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, those factors set forth in the sections captioned Business - General, Risk Factors, Legal Proceedings, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in this annual report on Form 10-K, which you should review carefully. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law. Risk Factor Summary The risks described in the section titled Risk Factors immediately following this summary could impact our ability to realize the full benefits of our strengths or execute all or part of our strategy. Some of the more significant risks described in Risk Factors include the following: Risks Related to Our Business We are a biopharmaceutical company with history of losses. We expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. We will need to raise substantial additional funds to advance development of our pipeline and our discovery platform, and we cannot guarantee that we will have sufficient funds available in the future to develop and commercialize the pipeline. We may be unable to advance any programs or development candidates through clinical development, obtain regulatory approval to initiate clinical studies or maintain these approvals to continue the studies or commercialize them, and we could experience significant delays in doing so. Our approach to developing and identifying our pipeline using our discovery engine is novel and may not result in marketable or partnerable products. We may expend our limited resources and access to capital to pursue a particular program or development candidate; these decisions may prove to be wrong and may adversely impact other aspects of our business or our business overall. Our oncology program is at an early stage. We may be unable to identify or produce a product that successfully blocks IL-38 function in cancer patients and our efforts to define specific subsets of cancers to target may also be unsuccessful. Even if we are successful at developing an antibody that blocks IL-38 function, inhibiting IL-38 activity in patients may not lead to clinical benefit. Our further pursuit of our antibody cocktail development candidate for the treatment of COVID-19 is dependent on finding a partner. We may be unable to find a partner in a timely manner, if at all, and in any event preliminary data may not be indicative of future success, particularly given the continued emergence of variants. Clinical trials are expensive, time-consuming and difficult to design and implement. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Clinical development has an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. If any program or development candidate begins clinical trials or receives marketing approval and we or others later identify undesirable side effects, our ability to market and derive revenue from it, and our business and reputation generally, could be compromised. Our business entails a significant risk of product liability, which may not be sufficiently covered by our insurance. If any of our programs or development candidates are approved for marketing and commercialization in the future and we are unable to develop sales, marketing and distribution capabilities on our own or enter into agreements with third parties to perform these functions on acceptable terms, we will be unable to successfully commercialize them. Additional regulatory burdens and other risks and uncertainties in foreign markets, if we decide to participate in those markets, may limit our growth. If we choose to pursue partnering or other strategic transactions, we may not be able to enter into such transactions on acceptable terms, if at all, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize programs or development candidates, impact our cash position, increase our expense, and present significant distractions to our management. Our third-party vendors may not perform under their obligations to us as anticipated if at all, in particular, our manufacturers may be unable to successfully scale manufacturing of our programs and development candidates in sufficient quality and quantity. If we choose to pursue strategic transactions, we may not be able to enter into such transactions on acceptable terms, if at all, which could adversely affect our development and commercialization activities, impact our cash position, increase our expense, and present significant distractions to our management. There is no guarantee that our collaboration with AbbVie will result in the successful discovery and validation of targets for further development and commercialization by AbbVie. Any inability to retain qualified key management, technical personnel and employees would impair our ability to implement our business plan. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property If we are unable to obtain or protect intellectual property rights related to our technology or programs and development candidates, or if our intellectual property rights are inadequate, we may not be able to compete effectively. If we fail to comply with our obligations under any license, collaboration or other intellectual property-related agreements, we may be required to pay damages and could lose intellectual property rights that may be necessary for developing, commercializing and protecting our current or future technologies or programs and development candidates or we could lose certain rights to grant sublicenses. Third parties may challenge our or our licensors patent rights or may assert patent rights that prevent us from developing and commercializing any programs or development candidates. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world, which could negatively impact our business. Risks Related to Government Regulation Health care legislative reform measures in the United States may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. If we or our partners, manufacturers or service providers fail to comply with healthcare or other laws and regulations, we or they could be subject to enforcement actions. Even if we receive regulatory approval of our programs and development candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Even if we are able to advance any programs or development candidates, the programs and development candidates may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, which would harm our business. Risks Related to Our Common Stock Our stock price may be volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain tax credit carryforwards may be subject to limitation. PART I Item 1. Business General We are a biopharmaceutical company utilizing a proprietary human memory B cell platform to discover and develop antibody therapeutics to improve patient care. Our discovery engine identifies novel therapeutic antibodies and their targets by leveraging the highly educated component of the immune system, memory B cells. Memory B cells are the key elements of a durable human immune response because they produce specific, high-affinity antibodies that bind to antigens produced in diseased cells and target them for destruction by other immune effector cells. We believe that our platform is different from those of other biotechnology companies because of our unbiased, broad, deep and efficient approach to identifying novel antibody-target pairs that may be useful in developing treatments for cancer and other diseases. Unlike some approaches that use deep sequencing of B cells to identify dominant clones that are common within and across patients, and which assume those clones are therapeutically relevant, we do not assume that any such genomic dominance is necessarily the hallmark of therapeutic utility. Our primary focus area is oncology. Despite many elements that distinguish oncology from other diseases, the breadth of our platform has enabled the discovery of novel antibodies in non-oncology areas as well. We are currently advancing our lead oncology program: an antibody (IMM-ONC-01) against IL-38 , a novel immune modulator for the treatment of various solid tumors and identifying novel target-antibody pairs under the Collaboration Agreement with AbbVie. To date, we have processed memory B-cells isolated from hundreds of cancer patients and have generated several hundred thousand hybridomas, or stable, immortalized forms of B cell clones that each produce a single antibody for extended periods of time. We have successfully identified more than a thousand individual antibodies, which we refer to as hits, that appear to bind to either a cancer cell or a tumor extract with high-affinity and specificity. To date, after assessing only a fraction of these hits, we have identified over 70 potentially novel cancer targets. We believe that several of these antibody-target pairs could potentially form the basis of new therapies or diagnostics for a large number of oncology patients. One of these unique targets is interleukin 38, or IL-38, a novel immune modulator. An antibody directed at IL-38 is the current focus of our program IMM-ONC-01, which is in preclinical development stage. We are also studying the expression of IL-38 in various tumor types in order to select the most appropriate patient population for potential evaluation of IMM-ONC-01 clinical utility. We plan to submit our IND application for the IMM-ONC-01 program with the FDA by mid-2023. We believe that our platform is useful in uncovering new insights into cancer biology itself. In analyzing over 70 cancer targets that we have identified to date, we observed a functional clustering of targets, indicating that different cancer patients appear to mount immune responses directed towards common processes in cancer biology, such as membrane dynamics and formation and function of exosomes. We are leveraging these insights to guide the discovery of future oncology pipeline assets and perhaps to enable future strategic collaborations and additional value creation. In addition, the platform can identify antibodies that can serve as potential candidates for other cancer treatment modalities, such as Antibody-Drug Conjugates or Bi-Specific Antibodies useful as T Cell Engagers by engaging unique targets expressed on cancer cell surface. In the area of infectious diseases, we have advanced a product consisting of a cocktail of three antibodies (IMM-BCP-01) that bind and inactivate SARS-CoV2, which causes COVID-19. This program is aimed at advancing an 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 innovative therapeutic approach against the SARS-CoV2 virus into the clinic. We are conducting this program in collaboration with the DoD (U.S. Department of Defense s (DOD) Joint Program Executive Office for Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear Defense (JPEO-CBRND) in collaboration with the Defense Health Agency (DHA). (Contract number: W911QY-20-9-0019). We generated a library of nearly 400 antibodies from the memory B-cells of patient super-responders who successfully cleared their SARS-CoV-2 infection having high circulating levels of high-affinity anti-viral antibodies. We submitted an IND application for the IMM-BCP-01 program to the U.S. FDA in November 2021 and initiated the Phase 1b study of IMM-BCP-01 in patients infected with SARS-CoV-2 in June 2022. On January 6, 2023, the Company announced that it successfully completed dosing of the first cohort of patients in a Phase 1b study with no significant treatment-related adverse events. The Company has decided to seek a partner in order to continue the trial and for any further development activities. The Challenges Faced by Existing Antibody Therapies for Cancer Despite significant advances in cancer therapeutics over the past 30 years, particularly in the realm of biologics including therapeutic antibodies, the five-year survival rate in patients with advanced malignancies of the lung, liver, stomach, pancreas, and other organs is less than 10 . We believe that a key issue undermining the wider effort to improve cancer therapeutics is a limited understanding of the diversity and complexity of human tumors. The discovery of new targets and novel therapeutics to neutralize them represent vitally important opportunities to help identify innovative and more effective cancer treatments. We are guided in our efforts by the immune responses generated by patients against their disease, and we leverage the wisdom of their memory B cells to illuminate the best routes forward. Our Solution: Immunome s Discovery Engine The below graphic in Figure 1 demonstrates the key components of our approach and discovery process using our proprietary discovery engine. Figure 1. Key components of our discovery engine Patient Sampling : Our discovery process begins with obtaining a patient s lymph node, tumor or blood sample and then purifying and expanding the memory B cell population. In oncology, patients sampled include those who are treatment na ve, treated with standard regimens, or have been treated with immunity enhancing therapies. Patient Response : We fuse and immortalize thousands of these patient-derived memory B cells using proprietary methods, capturing them as hybridomas, each of which typically express an individual antibody in quantities sufficient for extensive functional screening. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Antibody Screening : For oncology, we screen individual antibodies by assessing their binding to intact cancer cells or normal cells, or by assessing their binding to a large number (typically 100) of different extracts of authentic tumor samples and cancer cell lines. Using our proprietary approach, we can screen up to 20,000 antibodies on a single array. Hybridomas producing antibodies that show both high-affinity binding, by typically binding at single digit nanomolar concentrations, and specific binding, by showing much higher binding to a subset of tumor cells compared to normal cells, are designated as screening hits. Hybridomas producing those hits can be sequenced, their immunoglobulin genes can be cloned into expression vectors, and the individual antibodies can then be produced recombinantly. Antibody Validation: The next step in our process is to identify the specific antigen to which the antibody appears to bind with high affinity and specificity. We use one of two complementary approaches for this activity: the first method involves an assessment of antibody binding to known human proteins spotted on a protein microarray with high selectivity. If the target is not represented on the array or no specific binding is seen, we attempt to use the antibody to pull out the antigen from its source using immunoprecipitation, and then identify the antigen sequence using mass spectrometry. Using these two approaches we are largely successful in identifying the antigen to which newly identified antibodies are binding. We then conduct experiments to assess whether the binding of the antibody to the specific antigen can produce a change in the biology of a cancer cell expressing the target, which we refer to as target validation. Additional tests, such as measurements of changes in cell growth, cell survival, cell migration, or internalization of the antigen after it has been bound by the antibody, are used to further assess the potential that the antibody could be of therapeutic interest. Therapeutic Output: We believe our approach to the discovery of novel antibodies enables the following therapeutic modalities for cancer: Unmodified Immunoglobulins: This therapeutic modality exploits antibodies where binding to the target antigen modifies cellular processes in way that directly induces a therapeutic benefit. This can occur when antibodies bind to antigens on tumor cells and disrupt cellular processes that are necessary for cancer cell growth and/or metastasis. Alternatively, binding of an antibody to its antigen may result in activation of the patient immune system to recognize and eliminate cancer cells. Antibody-Drug Conjugates (ADCs): Certain target antigens have dense expression on the tumor cell surface as compared to normal tissues but binding of an antibody to that antigen does not induce a direct therapeutic effect. An ADC is an antibody to which a tumor killing payload is attached. If the antigen is rapidly internalized upon antibody binding the targeting selectivity of antibodies can be leveraged to deliver sufficient quantities of the tumor killing payload to kill the cancer cells. This approach uses known tumor killing agents and relies on their killing mechanisms for efficacy. Bispecific Antibodies: Patient-derived antibodies bind to a single antigen. Antibodies can be engineered to engage two different target antigens. These bispecific antibodies can bind to two different tumor cell antigens and may induce therapeutic effects through simultaneous modulation of two cellular processes. Alternatively, bispecific antibodies can be engineered to bind to a tumor cell antigen as well as an antigen on the surface of an immune effector cell (e.g., T cell). This class of bispecific antibody, T cell engagers or TCEs, directs the immune effector cell to attack and destroy the tumor. Key Attributes of Our Discovery Engine Our discovery engine discovers innovative antibody-target pairs using an unbiased, broad, deep and efficient approach, as we are able to: Capture a large number (typically thousands) of patient-derived memory B cells and enrich and expand them using proprietary methods. We then convert memory B cells into stable human hybridomas, which typically express an antibody in quantities necessary for broad pre-clinical screening. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Interrogate each antibody produced by the human memory B cell hybridomas against disease-related antigens, using function-based high-throughput screening approaches that include proprietary protein micro-array technologies that allow rapid screening of up to 20,000 antibodies in a single experiment. Simultaneously identify relevant, potentially novel, target antigens that are prevalent in a broader patient population, which we refer to as public antigens, and antibodies that bind to them with high affinity. Therefore, we believe our platform can yield antibodies that may have the potential for use as therapeutics and/or diagnostics across a broad therapeutic landscape. Utilize an unbiased approach that spotlights biological processes of disease relevance, guided by the memory B-cell response. Further, identify antibodies that can be used in combination with other modalities resulting in novel therapeutics, such as Antibody-Drug Conjugates, Bi-specifics such as T cell engagers. 
 Our Current Programs Oncology (IMM-ONC-01) Our lead oncology program targets IL-38, which we believe is a novel, negative regulator of inflammation capable of promoting tumor evasion of the immune system. IL-38 was identified as the target of an antibody isolated from a hybridoma library generated from the memory B cells of a patient with squamous head and neck cancer. Query of public and proprietary (Tempus) databases of cancer gene expression revealed over-expression of IL-38 in multiple solid tumors. Further, a correlation with low levels of tumor-infiltrating immune effector cells, a hallmark of immune suppression in some of these patients tumors, and high IL-38 expression was also observed, suggesting a role for IL-38 as an immune modulator. Data obtained from preclinical testing indicated that blocking IL-38 function using inhibitory antibodies increased the immune response to the tumor and resulted in anti-tumor activity in select animal models, suggesting that anti-IL-38 antibodies could have therapeutic utility as single agents or in combination with other therapeutic modalities. Our recent analysis further confirms IL-38 expression is frequently elevated in samples of select patient tumor subtypes, in cancers such as head and neck, lung and gastroesophageal. We believe that this information could potentially guide patient selection for early clinical testing and may improve the overall probability of demonstrating clinical utility, thereby improving the probability of clinical success. We plan to submit our IND application for the IMM-ONC-01 program by mid-2023. SARS-CoV-2 (IMM-BCP-01) We are developing an antibody cocktail derived from the B cells of COVID-19 patients who exhibited high neutralizing titers. IMM-BCP-01 targets non-overlapping regions of the Spike protein of SARS-CoV-2 which include highly conserved, subdominant epitopes. The cocktail promotes both ACE2 and non-ACE2 dependent neutralization and induces natural viral clearance mechanisms such as antibody dependent cellular cytotoxicity, complement activation and phagocytosis in pre-clinical testing. We are conducting this program in collaboration with the DoD. The IMM-BCP-01 program is broadly focused on the emerging variants of SARS-CoV-2. We submitted an IND application for the IMM-BCP-01 program to the U.S. FDA in November 2021 and initiated the Phase 1b study of IMM-BCP-01 in patients infected with SARS-CoV-2 in June 2022 . On January 6, 2023, the Company announced that it successfully completed dosing of the first cohort of patients in a Phase 1b study with no significant treatment-related adverse events. The Company has decided to seek a partner in order to continue the trial and for any further development activities. Other Programs and Platform In addition to the already described current programs, we will continue to invest in our proprietary discovery engine to expand our pipeline. The high output of antibody-target pairs resulting from our discovery engine may provide us with additional insights into the immune response against cancer and other diseases. We intend to continue to invest in this platform, to evaluate novel antibody-target pairs and to develop a pipeline of antibody therapeutics as single agents or in combination with other therapeutics or technologies to yield programs and development candidates, such as Antibody-Drug Conjugates, or ADCs. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Additionally, we plan to expand our intellectual property estate and infrastructure needed to discover and advance our programs and development candidates. We may in-license or acquire complementary intellectual property as needed or required, and we may continue to build our know-how and trade secrets. We may pursue both therapeutic and diagnostic applications of our antibodies through composition of matter and/or method of use patents. While our initial focus areas are in oncology and other diseases, we may invest in intellectual property in other therapeutic areas as well. Management Our experienced management and leadership team has broad expertise in the field of discovering and developing therapeutics and includes highly capable, world-class immunologists and biologists. Strategic Collaborations, License Agreements and Other Material Agreements We believe that our technology has broad utility and could enable the formation of attractive strategic partnerships. Therefore, to maximize the value of our platform we may, from time to time, contemplate and enter into various forms of collaborative agreements related to our platform, our programs and/or development candidates with third parties, including other companies, government agencies, academic institutions and non-profit groups. Additionally, we may, from time to time, contemplate and enter into various forms of license agreements with third parties. The material collaborations, licensing and other related agreements entered into by us to date are described in greater detail below. Collaboration with AbbVie On January 4, 2023, the Company entered into a collaboration and option agreement, or the Collaboration Agreement, with AbbVie Global Enterprises Ltd., or AbbVie, pursuant to which the Company will use its proprietary discovery engine to discover and validate targets derived from patients with three specified tumor types, and antibodies that bind to such targets, which may be the subject of further development and commercialization by AbbVie. The research term is at least 66 months, subject to extension in certain circumstances by specified extension periods. Pursuant to the terms of the Collaboration Agreement, with respect to each novel target-antibody pair that the Company generates that meets certain mutually agreed criteria (each, a Validated Target Pair or VTP), the Company granted to AbbVie an exclusive option (up to a maximum of 10 in total) to purchase all rights in and to such Validated Target Pair, for all human and non-human diagnostic, prophylactic and therapeutic uses throughout the world, including without limitation the development and commercialization of certain products derived from the assigned Validated Target Pair and directed to the target comprising such VTP (Products). No rights are granted by the Company to AbbVie under any of Company s platform technology covering the Company s discovery engine. Until the expiration of the research term, the Company is not permitted to conduct any activities in connection with targets or antibodies derived from patients with the specified tumor types, whether independently or with other third parties, except in limited circumstances with respect to certain target-antibody pairs that are no longer subject to the collaboration with AbbVie. In addition, during the term of the Collaboration Agreement, the Company is not permitted to develop products directed to targets that are included in VTPs purchased by AbbVie, or to which AbbVie still has rights under the Collaboration Agreement, whether independently or with other third parties. Under the Collaboration Agreement, AbbVie will pay the Company an upfront payment of 30.0 million, plus certain additional platform access payments in the aggregate amount of up to 70.0 million based on the Company s use of our discovery engine in connection with activities under each stage of the research plan, and delivery of VTPs to AbbVie. AbbVie will also pay an option exercise fee in the low single digit millions for each of the up to 10 VTPs for which it exercises an option. If AbbVie progresses development and commercialization of a Product, AbbVie will pay the Company development and first commercial sale milestones of up to 120.0 million per target, and sales milestones based on achievement of specified levels of net sales of Products of up to 150.0 million in the aggregate per target, in each case, subject to specified deductions in certain circumstances. On a Product-by-Product basis, AbbVie will pay the Company tiered royalties on net sales of Products at a percentage in the low single digits, subject to specified reductions and offsets in certain circumstances. AbbVie s royalty payment obligation will commence, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis, on the first commercial sale of such Product in such country and will expire on the earlier of (a) (i) the ten (10)-year anniversary of such first commercial sale for such Product in such country, or (ii) solely with respect to a Product that incorporates an antibody comprising a VTP (or certain other antibodies derived from such 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 delivered antibody), the expiration of all valid claims of patent rights covering the composition of matter of any such antibody (whichever out of (i) or (ii) is later), and (b) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for such Product in such country. The Company is potentially eligible to receive up to 2.8 billion from AbbVie under the Collaboration Agreement from the sources described above. The Collaboration Agreement will expire upon the expiration of the last to expire royalty payment obligation with respect to all Products in all countries, subject to earlier expiration if all option exercise periods for all Validated Target Pairs expire without AbbVie exercising any option. In addition, the research term will terminate if AbbVie does not elect to make certain platform access payments at specified points during the research term, in order for the Company to continue the target discovery activities under the collaboration. The Collaboration Agreement may be terminated by (a) either party upon the other party s uncured material breach, or upon any insolvency event of the other party, (b) AbbVie for convenience upon a specified period prior written notice, or (c) AbbVie for the Company s breach of representations and warranties with respect to debarment or compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. If AbbVie has the right to terminate the Collaboration Agreement for the Company s uncured material breach or a breach of representations and warranties with respect to debarment or compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, AbbVie may elect to continue the Collaboration Agreement, subject to certain specified reductions applicable to certain of AbbVie s payment obligations (with a specified floor on such reductions). Collaboration with the DoD In July 2020, the Company entered into an Other Transaction Authority for Prototype Agreement, or the OTA Agreement, with the DoD to fund the Company s efforts in developing an antibody cocktail therapeutic to treat COVID-19. The amount of funding available to the Company under this expense reimbursement contract was originally 13.3 million. In May 2021, the Company and the DoD amended the OTA Agreement, pursuant to which the DoD award was increased from 13.3 million to 17.6 million. In January 2023, we modified the OTA Agreement to extend the completion date from December 30, 2022 to July 31, 2023, at no additional cost to the government. All other terms and conditions remain the same and are in full force and effect. The DoD may terminate the agreement in its entirety for convenience or in whole or in part for our material breach of the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has received the maximum reimbursement amount of 17.6 million from the DoD to complete specific research activities for the project based on the estimated cost for such prototype. The 17.6 million was not sufficient to fund our full planned research and development phase 1B. Therefore, we have used our own funds to support completion of certain activities under the contract. Pursuant to the OTA Agreement, ownership of any invention developed under the agreement follows inventorship under U.S. patent law. The Bayh-Dole Act does not apply to the OTA Agreement, and, as such, title to inventions will accrue to the inventor-organization. In addition, we own all study data generated under the OTA Agreement, whether generated by us or the DoD. We also obtained the right to negotiate a commercial license covering the DoD s interest in any invention solely owned by the DoD and developed under the agreement. Our rights to inventions and data are subject to standard government-retained rights. Arrayjet License Agreements In June 2019, we entered into an exclusive license agreement, or the Arrayjet Agreement, with Arrayjet Limited, or Arrayjet, amended on July 10, 2020 and on December 30, 2022. Pursuant to the Arrayjet Agreement, we obtained a royalty-bearing, exclusive license under certain licensed patents and know-how for all purposes, including to research, develop, make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, market, and otherwise commercialize products in the United States, the United Kingdom, China, Germany, and Japan, for the screening of human derived hybridoma libraries against cancer cell lysate libraries where the antigen(s) of interest are unknown. We also obtained a right to license certain new intellectual property rights owned or acquired by Arrayjet during the term, subject to the negotiation of mutually agreeable license terms. The foregoing license grant includes a limited right to grant nonexclusive sublicenses. In connection with the Arrayjet Agreement, we are required to make annual license payments in the low-to-mid six figures to maintain such exclusivity. In the event we independently undertake certain development activities, we are also obligated to pay annual license fees in the mid six figures and annual sublicensing fees in the low six figures, and we are 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 obligated to pay a low single digit percentage of other sublicensing revenue received. During the term, we are obligated to pay Arrayjet a low single digit royalty on net sales of products by us and a low single digit to low teens royalty on net sales of products by sublicensees. We have the right to terminate the Arrayjet Agreement upon specified written notice stating reasons for termination. Arrayjet may terminate the Arrayjet Agreement for our failure to meet certain diligence milestones, payment default, or failure to provide certain reports and information. Either party may terminate the Arrayjet Agreement for the other s material breach or insolvency. Arrayjet Master Services Agreement and Quotation On November 18, 2016, the Company entered into a Master Services Agreement with Arrayjet, which was subsequently amended on February 15, 2021, January 1, 2022 and December 30, 2022, referred to as the MSA. On December 30, 2022, the Company also entered into a Quotation Contract of Sale, or the Quotation, with Arrayjet under the MSA, referred to as the Quotation. Under the MSA, Immunome may engage Arrayjet to perform the services agreed upon between the parties pursuant to one or more quotations contracts of sale. Per the MSA, unless otherwise provided in any quotation contract of sale, Immunome may terminate any quotation contract of sale without cause and Immunome may terminate the MSA at-will upon requisite advance notice. Pursuant to the Quotation, the Company engaged Arrayjet to perform certain hybridoma screening services using a microarray assay for the period of time specified in the Quotation. These services may be performed pursuant to one or more Task Orders describing the specific services to be performed. The quotation may be terminated by either party for material breach of the other party, by Immunome at-will upon the requisite advance notice, by the parties mutual agreement or automatically if the MSA is terminated. Under the Quotation, the Company has agreed to pay Arrayjet an annual instrument access fee in the low six-figures and a screening fee based on the number of screening cycles ordered by the Company. The Company agreed to a minimum screening fee for the first year of the Quotation in the low six-figures and made a prepayment to Arrayjet for the first year of screening services. Whitehead Patent License Agreement In June 2009, we entered into an exclusive patent license agreement, or the Whitehead Agreement, with the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research, or Whitehead, and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, or MIT, as licensing agent for Whitehead, pursuant to which we obtained from MIT and Whitehead a royalty-bearing exclusive license under certain patent rights of Whitehead and a royalty-bearing non-exclusive license under certain biological and chemical material of Whitehead that relate to our antibody screening platform, in each case to develop, manufacture, use, and commercialize licensed products and to develop and perform licensed processes and perform licensed services for all purposes in the United States. The foregoing license grant included the right to grant sublicenses with certain restrictions. Pursuant to the Whitehead Agreement, we are obligated to pay Whitehead up to 725,000 in the aggregate for certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones and up to 275,000 for each product or derivative that we discover using the licensed product or processes or Discovered Products. We are also obligated to pay Whitehead a low single digit royalty on net sales of licensed products and licensed processes when sold as a therapeutic or diagnostic product, a mid-single digit royalty on net sales of such licensed products or processes when sold as a research reagent, and a less than one percent royalty on net sales of Discovered Products when sold as a therapeutic or diagnostic product. Our obligation to pay royalties on net sales of Discovered Products is limited to a period of seven years from the first commercial sale of each Discovered Product. We are obligated to pay Whitehead a high single digit royalty on service income received in connection with the provision of licensed services the provision of which, absent the license granted under the Whitehead Agreement, would infringe a claim of a licensed patent. We are obligated to pay Whitehead a high first decile percentage of certain payments received from sublicensees, subject to certain reductions to single-digit percentages, and we are obligated to pay Whitehead a mid-teen percentage royalty on certain payments received from non-sublicensee corporate partners. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 On November 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Letter Agreement, or Letter Agreement, with Whitehead, which became effective on January 4, 2023, upon the satisfaction of the conditions described therein. The Letter Agreement supplements the Whitehead Agreement. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, Whitehead and the Company agreed that certain payments received by the Company from the Collaborator (as defined in the Letter Agreement) (i.e., a corporate partner, as defined in the License Agreement) would be excluded from the Company s payment obligations to Whitehead. The Company and Whitehead further agreed, among other things, that the Company will make certain payments to Whitehead (i) as Net Sales (as defined in the License Agreement) as long as the Company receives those payments from the Collaborator on a specified number of products purchased by the Collaborator and (ii) upon the achievement of certain milestones whether by the Company or the Collaborator. We have the right to terminate the Whitehead Agreement upon specified prior written notice to Whitehead. Whitehead may terminate the Whitehead Agreement in the event of our uncured material breach or insolvency. Additionally, Whitehead may terminate the Whitehead Agreement if we or any of our affiliates or sublicensees challenges the validity, patentability, enforceability or non-infringement of the licensed patents. TJU License Agreement In June 2012, we entered into an exclusive license agreement, or the TJU Agreement, with Thomas Jefferson University, or TJU, pursuant to which we obtained from TJU a worldwide, royalty-bearing exclusive license under certain patent rights, know-how, and materials of TJU that relate to our antibody screening platform, in each case to research, develop, manufacture, use, commercialize, and improve licensed products and to practice licensed processes for all purposes. We are currently required to make an annual license maintenance payment in the low five figures, which amount may be credited against royalties payable in the same calendar year. We are also obligated to pay TJU 950,000 in the aggregate for certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones for licensed products. We are obligated to pay TJU a low single digit royalty on net sales of licensed products and licensed processes. The royalty rate is subject to certain specified reductions. Royalties are payable until expiration of the TJU Agreement. We are also obligated to pay TJU a high first decile percentage of any non-royalty sublicensing income received by us, subject to certain specified reductions. The TJU Agreement expires upon expiration of the last valid claim under the licensed patents. Manufacturing We produce our lead antibodies at the laboratory scale necessary for early research and development activities and some preclinical assessments. For later stage preclinical assessment, such as IND-enabling studies and safety assessment and early-stage clinical assessment, we use third-party manufacturers to produce our antibodies and any other necessary intermediates or reagents. We do not have, and we do not currently plan to acquire or develop the infrastructure, facilities or capabilities to conduct these manufacturing activities ourselves. We intend to continue to utilize third-party manufacturers to produce, package, label, test and release product for clinical and non-clinical testing and for future commercial use, as needed. We expect to continue to rely on such third parties to manufacture our products for the foreseeable future. Our expected future contractual manufacturing organizations will each have successful track records of producing clinical and commercial products for other companies under applicable compliance regulations, such as cGMP compliance in case of the FDA, and will have previously been inspected by regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP standards. Competition We are aware of several companies that are developing antibody treatments for the therapeutic areas of cancer and other diseases. Many of these companies are well-capitalized and, in contrast to us, have significant clinical experience, and may include our potential future strategic partners. In addition, these companies compete with us in recruiting scientific and managerial talent. Our success will partially depend on our ability to obtain, maintain, enforce and defend patents and other intellectual property rights with respect to our antibodies that are proven to be safer and/or more effective or are less expensive than competing products. Our commercial opportunity and success will be reduced or eliminated if competing products that are safer, more effective, or less expensive than the antibodies we develop or if such products become available in the future. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 In oncology, we expect to compete with antibody, biologic and other therapeutic platforms and development companies who are also pursuing similar antibody-based discovery approaches, including, but not limited to, companies such as AbCellera Biologics, Inc.; Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation, or Adaptive; AIMM Therapeutics B.V.; Atreca, Inc.; IGM Biosciences, Inc.; OncoReponse, Inc; Neurimmune; Biocytogen; and Alchemab. In addition, we expect to compete with large, multinational pharmaceutical companies that discover, develop and commercialize antibodies and other therapeutics and modalities including Antibody-Drug Conjugates and T-Cell Engagers for use in treating cancer such as AstraZeneca; Amgen; Bristol-Myers Squibb Company; Genentech, Inc. (a member of Roche group); Merck Co. Inc.; GlaxoSmithKline; Regeneron; Gilead; AbbVie; and Johnson Johnson. If any programs or development candidates identified through our current lead programs are eventually approved for sale, they will likely compete with a range of treatments that are either in development or currently marketed for use in those same disease indications. In the area of infectious diseases, specifically our COVID-19 efforts, we made the decision to partner our IMM-BCP-01 program for further development and if a partner is successful in the future, they may encounter key competitors including other companies developing antibody-based therapeutics such as Regeneron; Glaxo SmithKline plc. and Vir Biotechnology (in collaboration); Invivyd; Eli Lilly and AbCellera (in collaboration); AbbVie; and AstraZeneca. Further, we expect the future market potential and need for our antibody cocktail product will be negatively influenced should any of the numerous vaccine products, by companies including Moderna, Inc.; Pfizer Inc. and BioNTech SE (in collaboration), AstraZeneca and Johnson and Johnson, continue to be safe and efficacious against COVID-19 and emerging variants of the virus. Intellectual Property Intellectual property is of vital importance in our field and in biotechnology generally. We seek to protect and enhance proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that are commercially important to the development of our business by seeking, maintaining, and defending patent rights, whether developed internally, acquired or licensed from third parties. We will also seek to rely on regulatory protection afforded through orphan drug designations, inclusion in expedited development and review, data exclusivity, market exclusivity and patent term extensions where available. We utilize various types of intellectual property assets to provide multiple layers of protection. For example, we seek a variety of patents to protect our inventions including, for example, compositions of matter and uses in treatment and diagnostic and methods for novel antibodies, including methods of treatment for diseases expressing novel targets. We believe our current layered patent estate, together with our efforts to develop and patent next generation technologies, provides us with substantial intellectual property protection. As of March 1, 2023, we owned 68 pending national phase patent applications in the U.S and abroad, three pending PCT applications, and seven pending U.S. provisional patent applications, in total covering 12 patent families. Our portfolio includes claims directed to the composition of matter and methods of use for antibodies, including IMM-ONC-01 and IMM-BCP-01. Patent applications claiming the benefit of these PCT applications, if issued, are expected to expire between 2039 and 2042. Patents claiming priority to and the benefit of these provisional applications, if issued, are expected to expire in 2043. However, we recognize that the area of patent and other intellectual property rights in biotechnology is an evolving one with many risks and uncertainties, which may affect those rights. Our commercial success will depend in significant part upon obtaining and maintaining patent protection and trade secret protection of our programs and development candidates and the methods used to develop and manufacture them, as well as successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges and operating without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. Our ability to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing our products depends on the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets that cover these activities. We cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing patents, or any patents granted to us in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our programs and development candidates, current programs and processes. For this and more comprehensive risks related to our intellectual property, please see the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, including the United States, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application. In the United States, a patent s term may potentially be lengthened by patent term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the USPTO in examining and granting a patent taking into account delays on the part of the patentee or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over an earlier expiring patent. In the United States, the patent term of a patent that covers an FDA-approved drug may also be eligible for patent term extension, which permits patent term restoration as compensation for the patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent. The length of the patent term extension is related to the length of time the drug is under regulatory review. Patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent applicable to an approved drug may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Similar provisions are available in Europe and other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. In the future, if and when our products receive FDA approval, we expect to apply for patent term extensions on patents covering those products. We expect to seek patent term extensions to all of our issued patents in any jurisdiction where these are available, however there is no guarantee that the applicable authorities, including the FDA in the United States, will agree with our assessment of whether such extensions should be granted, and if granted, the length of such extensions. In some instances, we file provisional patent applications directly in the USPTO. Provisional patent applications were designed to provide a lower-cost first patent filing in the United States. Corresponding non-provisional patent applications must be filed not later than 12 months after the provisional application filing date. The corresponding non-provisional application benefits in that the priority date(s) of the patent application is/are the earlier provisional application filing date(s), and the patent term of the finally issued patent is calculated from the later non-provisional application filing date. This system allows us to obtain an early priority date, obtain a later start to the patent term and to delay prosecution costs, which may be useful in the event that we decide not to pursue examination in a subsequent non-provisional application. While we intend, as appropriate, to timely file non-provisional patent applications relating to our provisional patent applications, we cannot predict whether any such non-provisional patent applications will result in the issuance of patents that provide us with any competitive advantage. We intend to file U.S. non-provisional applications and/or international Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, applications that claim the benefit of the priority date of earlier filed provisional or non-provisional applications, when applicable. The PCT system allows for a single PCT application to be filed within 12 months of the priority filing date of a corresponding priority patent application, such as a U.S. provisional or non-provisional application, and to designate all of the 157 PCT contracting states in which national phase patent applications can later be pursued based on the PCT application. The PCT International Searching Authority performs a patentability search and issues a non-binding patentability opinion which can be used to evaluate the chances of success for the national applications in foreign countries prior to having to incur the filing fees. Although a PCT application does not issue as a patent, it allows the applicant to establish a patent application filing date in any of the member states and then seek patents through later-filed national-phase applications. No later than either 30 or 31 months from the first priority date of the PCT application, separate national phase patent applications can be pursued in any of the PCT member states, depending on the deadline set by individual contracting states. National phase entry can generally be accomplished through direct national filing or, in some cases, through a regional patent organization, such as the European Patent Organization. The PCT system delays application filing expenses, allows a limited evaluation of the chances of success for national/regional patent applications and allows for substantial savings in comparison to having filed individual countries rather than a PCT application in the event that no national phase applications are filed. For all patent applications, we determine claiming strategy on a case-by-case basis. Advice of counsel and our business model and needs are always considered. We file patents containing claims for protection of all useful applications of our proprietary technologies and any products, as well as all new applications and/or uses we discover for existing technologies and products, assuming these are strategically valuable. We may periodically reassess the number and type of patent applications, as well as the pending and issued patent claims to ensure that coverage and value are obtained for our processes, and compositions, given existing patent law and court decisions. Further, claims may be modified during patent prosecution to meet our intellectual property and business needs. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 We recognize that the ability to obtain patent protection and the degree of such protection depends on a number of factors, including the extent of the prior art, the novelty and non-obviousness of the invention, and the ability to satisfy subject matter, written description, and enablement requirements of the various patent jurisdictions. In addition, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope can be reinterpreted or further altered even after patent issuance. Consequently, we may not obtain or maintain adequate patent protection for any of our programs and development candidates or for our technology platform. We cannot predict whether the patent applications we are currently pursuing will issue as patents in any particular jurisdiction or whether the claims of any issued patents will provide sufficient proprietary protection from competitors. Any patents that we hold may be challenged, circumvented or invalidated by third parties. In addition to patent protection, we also rely on trademark registration, trade secrets, know how, other proprietary information and/or continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary information to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information and trade secrets, including through contractual means with our employees and consultants, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our technology. Thus, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. It is our policy to require our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information concerning our business or financial affairs developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. Our agreements with employees also provide that all inventions conceived by the employee in the course of employment with us or from the employee s use of our confidential information are our exclusive property. However, such confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements can be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our consultants, contractors or collaborators use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting trade secrets, know-how and inventions. The patent positions of biotechnology companies like ours are generally uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. Our commercial success will also depend in part on not infringing upon the proprietary rights of third parties. It is uncertain whether the issuance of any third-party patent would require us to alter our development or commercial strategies, or our products or processes, obtain licenses or cease certain activities. Our breach of any license agreements or our failure to obtain a license to proprietary rights required to develop or commercialize our future products may have a material adverse impact on us. If third parties prepare and file patent applications in the United States that also claim technology to which we have rights, we may have to participate in interference or derivation proceedings in the USPTO to determine priority of invention. When available to expand market exclusivity, our strategy is to obtain, or license additional intellectual property related to current or contemplated development platforms, core elements of technology and/or programs and development candidates. For more information regarding the risks related to our intellectual property, see the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. Government Regulation The FDA and other regulatory authorities at federal, state, and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring, and post-approval reporting of biologics such as those we are developing. We, along with our third-party contractors, will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical and commercial approval requirements of the governing regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek approval or licensure of our programs and development candidates. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 U.S. Government Regulation of Biological Products In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and its implementing regulations and biologics under the FDCA, the Public Health Service Act, or PHSA, and their implementing regulations. Both drugs and biologics also are subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state and local statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to approve pending new drug applications, or NDAs, or biologics license applications, or BLAs, or the agency s issuance of warning letters, or the imposition of fines, civil penalties, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions and/or criminal prosecution brought by the FDA and the U.S. Department of Justice or other governmental entities. Nonclinical and Clinical Development The data required to support a BLA is generated in two distinct development stages: nonclinical and clinical. Nonclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and formulation and may involve in vitro testing or in vivo animal studies to assess the potential for toxicity, adverse events, and other safety characteristics of the program or development candidate, and in some cases to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of nonclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations for safety/toxicology studies. The Consolidated Appropriations Act for 2023, signed into law on December 29, 2022, (P.L. 117-328) amended the FDCA and the Public Health Service Act to specify that nonclinical testing for drugs and biologics may, but is not required to, include in vivo animal studies. According to the amended language, a sponsor may fulfill nonclinical testing requirements by completing various in vitro assays (e.g., cell-based assays, organ chips, or microphysiological systems), in silico studies (i.e., computer modeling), other human or nonhuman biology-based tests (e.g., bioprinting), or in vivo animal studies. The sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical studies, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, as well as other information, to the FDA as part of the IND. Some long-term nonclinical testing to further establish the safety profile of the program or development candidate, as well as manufacturing process development and product quality evaluation, continues after the IND is submitted. Human clinical trials in support of an NDA or BLA Prior to beginning the first clinical trial with a program or development candidate, the sponsor must submit an IND to the FDA. An IND is a request that FDA grant an exemption to federal law prohibiting interstate shipment of an investigational authorization to administer the program or development candidate to humans in accordance with a specific clinical trial protocol. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational plan and the protocol(s) for clinical trials. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises concerns or questions related to the proposed clinical trial and places the IND on a clinical hold . In such a case, the IND sponsor must resolve all outstanding concerns or questions posed by the FDA before the clinical trial can begin. Submission of an IND therefore may not result in FDA authorization to begin a clinical trial. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCPs, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical study. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development and for any subsequent protocol amendments. Furthermore, an independent IRB for each site proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial and its informed consent form before the clinical trial begins at that site and must monitor the study until completed. Regulatory authorities, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or that the trial is unlikely to meet its stated objectives. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, or DSMB, which provides authorization for whether a study may move forward at designated check points based on review of certain data from the study, to which only the DSMB has access, and may recommend halting the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA, and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, findings from other studies suggesting a significant risk to humans exposed to the biologic, findings from animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk for human subjects, and any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. Sponsors of clinical trials of certain FDA-regulated products generally must register and disclose certain clinical trial information to a public registry maintained by the National Institutes of Health, or NIH. In particular, information related to the investigational product, patient population, phase of investigation, trial sites and investigators and other aspects of the clinical trial is made public as part of the registration of the clinical trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development programs. Although sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results of their clinical trials after completion, disclosure of the results can be delayed in some cases for up to two years after the date of completion of the trial. Failure to timely register a covered clinical study or to submit study results as provided for in the law can give rise to civil monetary penalties and also prevent the non-compliant party from receiving future grant funds from the federal government. The NIH s Final Rule on ClinicalTrials.gov registration and reporting requirements became effective in 2017, and the government has brought enforcement actions against non-compliant clinical trial sponsors. For purposes of BLA approval, human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap. Phase 1/Phase 1b The investigational product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects (Phase 1) or directly into patients with the target disease or condition (Phase 1b) for certain therapies targeting severe or life-threatening diseases where the investigational product may be too inherently toxic to administer ethically to healthy volunteers. In either case, these studies are designed to test safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion of the investigational product in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. Phase 2 The investigational product is administered to a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate the preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and dosing schedule and to assess adverse events and potential side effects. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials. Phase 3 The investigational product is administered to an expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage, to provide statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the investigational product and, if appropriate, to provide an adequate basis for product approval. These trials may include comparisons with placebo and/or other comparator treatments. The duration of treatment is often extended to mimic the actual use of a product during marketing. 
 In some cases, the FDA may require, or companies may voluntarily pursue, additional clinical trials after a product is approved to gain more information about the product. These so-called Phase 4 studies may be made a condition to approval of the BLA. Failure to exhibit due diligence with regard to conducting Phase 4 clinical trials could result in withdrawal of approval for products. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies may complete additional nonclinical studies and develop additional information about the biological characteristics of the program or development candidate and must finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the program or development candidate and, among other things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 purity of the final product, or for biologics, the safety, purity and potency. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the program or development candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. In the Consolidated Appropriations Act for 2023, Congress amended the FDCA to require sponsors of a Phase 3 clinical trial, or other pivotal study of a new drug to support marketing authorization, to submit a diversity action plan for such clinical trial. The action plan must include the sponsor s diversity goals for enrollment, as well as a rationale for the goals and a description of how the sponsor will meet them. A sponsor must submit a diversity action plan to FDA by the time the sponsor submits the trial protocol to the agency for review. The FDA may grant a waiver for some or all of the requirements for a diversity action plan. It is unknown at this time how the diversity action plan may affect Phase 3 trial planning and timing or what specific information FDA will expect in such plans, but if FDA objects to a sponsor s diversity action plan and requires the sponsor to amend the plan or take other actions, it may delay trial initiation. BLA Submission and Review Assuming successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, the results of product development, nonclinical studies and clinical trials, along with information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacturing, and controls and proposed labeling, are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. A BLA must contain sufficient evidence of the biological program or development candidate s safety, purity, potency and efficacy for its proposed indication or indications. Data may come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and efficacy of a product s use or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product to the satisfaction of the FDA. The testing and approval processes require substantial time and effort and there can be no assurance that the FDA will accept the BLA for filing and, even if filed, that any approval will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, as amended, or PDUFA, each BLA must be accompanied by a significant user fee, and the sponsor of an approved BLA is also subject to an annual program fee. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product also includes a non-orphan indication. According to the goals and policies for original BLAs agreed to by the FDA under PDUFA, the FDA has ten months from the filing date in which to complete its initial review of a standard application and respond to the applicant, and six months from the filing date for an application with priority review. For all original BLAs, the ten and six-month time periods run from the filing date; for all other submissions, including resubmissions, efficacy supplements and other supplements, the FDA s stated review time periods, ranging from two to ten month, run from the submission date. Despite these review goals, it is not uncommon for FDA review of a BLA to extend beyond the goal date. Within 60 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews a BLA submitted to determine if it is substantially complete before the agency accepts it for filing. The FDA may refuse to file any BLA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission and may request additional information. In this event, the BLA must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application also is subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review of the BLA. The FDA reviews a BLA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe, pure, potent and effective for its intended use, and whether the facility (or facilities) in which it is manufactured, processed, packed, or held meets standards designed to assure the product s continued safety, purity and potency. Most such applications are meant to be reviewed within ten months from the date it is accepted for filing, and most applications for priority review products are meant to be reviewed within six months from the date the application is accepted for filing. The review process may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider new information or in the case of a clarification provided by the applicant to address an outstanding deficiency identified by the FDA following the original submission. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 The FDA likely will re-analyze the clinical trial data, which could result in extensive discussions between the FDA and the applicant during the review process. The FDA may refer applications for novel biological products or biological products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making final decisions on approval. Before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities comply with cGMP requirements and are adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more treatment sites to assure that the clinical trials were conducted in compliance with IND trial requirements and GCP. To assure cGMP and GCP compliance, an applicant must incur significant expenditure of time, money and effort in the areas of training, record keeping, production, and quality control. After the FDA evaluates a BLA and conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities where the investigational product and/or its drug substance will be produced, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter, or CRL. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A CRL indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete, and the application will not be approved in its present form. A CRL generally outlines the deficiencies that the FDA identified in the BLA, except that where the FDA determines that the data supporting the application are inadequate to support approval, the FDA may issue the CRL without first conducting required inspections, testing submitted product lots, and/or reviewing proposed labeling. In issuing the CRL, the FDA may recommend actions that the applicant might take to place the BLA in condition for approval, including requests for additional clinical or other data, additional pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial(s) and/or other significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies or manufacturing . If a CRL is issued, the applicant may choose to either resubmit the NDA or BLA addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter or withdraw the application. If and when those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of the NDA or BLA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in response to an issued CRL in either two or six months depending on the type of information included. Even with the submission of this additional information, however, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. If the FDA grants regulatory approval of a product, such approval is limited to the conditions of use (e.g., patient population, indication) described in the application and may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which such product may be marketed. For example, the FDA may approve the BLA with a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, to ensure the benefits of the product outweigh its risks and to assure the safe use of the drug or biological product. A REMS is a safety strategy to manage a known or potential serious risk associated with a product and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use, and could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA determines the requirement for a REMS, as well as the specific REMS provisions, on a case-by-case basis. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA or BLA must submit a proposed REMS. The FDA will not approve a BLA without a REMS, if required. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed labeling (e.g., the addition of specific contraindications, warnings or precautions) or the development of adequate controls and specifications. Once approved, the FDA may withdraw the product approval if compliance with pre- and post-marketing requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the marketplace. The FDA may require one or more Phase 4 post-market trials and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization and may limit further marketing of the product based on the results of these post-marketing studies. After approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Fast Track, Breakthrough Therapy and Priority Review Designations The FDA is authorized to designate certain products for expedited development or review if they are intended to address an unmet medical need in the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition. These programs include fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation and priority review designation. To be eligible for a fast track designation, the FDA must determine, based on the request of a sponsor, that a product is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrates the potential to address an unmet medical need by providing a therapy where none exists or a therapy that may be potentially superior to existing therapy based on efficacy or safety factors. Fast track designation provides opportunities for more frequent interactions with the FDA review team to expedite development and review of the product. The FDA may also review sections of the BLA for a fast track product on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor and the FDA agree on a schedule for the submission of the application sections and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the NDA. In addition, fast track designation may be withdrawn by the sponsor or rescinded by the FDA if the designation is no longer supported by data emerging from the clinical trial process. In addition, the FDA may designate a drug or biologic as a breakthrough therapy upon a request made by the IND sponsor. A breakthrough therapy is a drug or biologic that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug or biologic may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Drugs or biologics designated as breakthrough therapies are also eligible for accelerated approval of their respective marketing applications. The FDA must take certain actions with respect to breakthrough therapies, such as holding timely meetings with and providing advice to the product sponsor, which are intended to expedite the development and review of an application for approval of a breakthrough therapy. Finally, the FDA may designate a product for priority review if it is a drug or biologic that treats a serious condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness over existing therapy. The FDA determines at the time that the marketing application is submitted, on a case- by-case basis, whether the proposed drug represents a significant improvement in treatment, prevention or diagnosis of disease when compared with other available therapies. Significant improvement may be illustrated by evidence of increased effectiveness in the treatment of a condition, elimination or substantial reduction of a treatment-limiting drug reaction, documented enhancement of patient compliance that may lead to improvement in serious outcomes, or evidence of safety and effectiveness in a new subpopulation. A priority review designation is intended to direct overall attention and resources to the evaluation of such applications, and to shorten the FDA s goal for taking action on a marketing application from ten months to six months for an original BLA from the date of filing. Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. Furthermore, fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation and priority review do not change the standards for approval and may not ultimately expedite the development or approval process. Accelerated Approval Pathway In addition, products studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening illnesses and that provide meaningful therapeutic benefit over existing treatments may receive accelerated approval from the FDA and may be approved on the basis of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials establishing that the drug product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. The FDA may also grant accelerated approval for such a drug or biologic when the product has an effect on an intermediate clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality, or IMM, and that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, the FDA will require that a sponsor of a drug receiving accelerated approval perform post-marketing clinical trials to verify and describe the predicted effect on IMM or other clinical endpoint, and the product may be subject to expedited withdrawal procedures. Drugs and biologics 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 granted accelerated approval must meet the same statutory standards for safety and effectiveness as those granted traditional approval. For the purposes of accelerated approval, a surrogate endpoint is a marker, such as a laboratory measurement, radiographic image, physical sign, or other measure that is thought to predict clinical benefit but is not itself a measure of clinical benefit. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. An intermediate clinical endpoint is a measurement of a therapeutic effect that is considered reasonably likely to predict the clinical benefit of a drug or biologic, such as an effect on IMM. The FDA has limited experience with accelerated approvals based on intermediate clinical endpoints but has indicated that such endpoints generally may support accelerated approval when the therapeutic effect measured by the endpoint is not itself a clinical benefit and basis for traditional approval, if there is a basis for concluding that the therapeutic effect is reasonably likely to predict the ultimate long-term clinical benefit of a drug or biologic. The accelerated approval pathway is usually contingent on a sponsor s agreement to conduct, in a diligent manner, additional post-approval confirmatory studies to verify and describe the drug s clinical benefit. As a result, a program or development candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to establish the effect on the clinical endpoint. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or to confirm the predicted clinical benefit of the product during post-marketing studies, would allow the FDA to withdraw approval of the drug. As part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act for 2023, Congress provided FDA additional statutory authority to mitigate potential risks to patients from continued marketing of ineffective drugs previously granted accelerated approval. Under the act s amendments to the FDCA, the FDA may require the sponsor of a product granted accelerated approval to have a confirmatory trial underway prior to approval. The sponsor must also submit progress reports on a confirmatory trial every six months until the trial is complete, and such reports are published on FDA s website. The amendments also give FDA the option of using expedited procedures to withdraw product approval if the sponsor s confirmatory trial fails to verify the claimed clinical benefits of the product. All promotional materials for programs or development candidates being considered and approved under the accelerated approval program are subject to prior review by the FDA. Pediatric Trials Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, a BLA or supplement to a BLA must contain data to assess the safety and efficacy of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of such data or full or partial waivers. The FDCA requires that a sponsor who is planning to submit a marketing application for a drug or biologic product that includes a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen or new route of administration submit an initial Pediatric Study Plan, or PSP, within sixty days of an end-of-Phase 2 meeting or as may be agreed between the sponsor and FDA, if there is no such meeting, as early as practicable before the initiation of Phase 3 or Phase 2/3 clinical trials. The initial PSP must include an outline of the pediatric study or studies that the sponsor plans to conduct, including study objectives and design, age groups, relevant endpoints and statistical approach, or a justification for not including such detailed information, and any request for a deferral of pediatric assessments or a full or partial waiver of the requirement to provide data from pediatric studies along with supporting information. The FDA and the sponsor must reach agreement on the PSP. A sponsor can submit amendments to an agreed-upon initial PSP at any time if changes to the pediatric plan need to be considered based on data collected from nonclinical studies, early phase clinical trials, and/or other clinical development programs. Unless otherwise required by regulation, the PREA does not apply to any product for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. However, if only one indication for a product has orphan designation, a pediatric assessment may still be required for any applications to market that same product for the non-orphan indication(s). Orphan Drug Designation and Exclusivity Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to a drug or biologic product intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available in the United States a drug or biologic for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug or biologic. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA or BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use will be disclosed publicly by the FDA; the posting will also indicate whether the drug or biologic is no longer designated as an orphan drug. More than one program or development candidate may receive an orphan drug designation for the same indication. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to seven years of orphan product exclusivity. During the seven-year exclusivity period, the FDA may not approve any other applications to market a product containing the same active moiety for the same disease, except in very limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity. A product is clinically superior if it is safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. Thus, orphan drug exclusivity could block the approval of one of our potential products for seven years if a competitor obtains approval of the same product as defined by the FDA and we are not able to show the clinical superiority of our program or development candidate or if our program or development candidate s indication is determined to be contained within the competitor s product orphan indication. In addition, the FDA will not recognize orphan drug exclusivity if a sponsor fails to demonstrate upon approval that the product is clinically superior to a previously approved product containing the same active moiety for the same orphan condition, regardless of whether or not the previously approved product was designated an orphan drug or had orphan drug exclusivity. A product that has received orphan drug designation may not receive orphan exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received the designation. Orphan exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug or biological product for the same disease or condition, or the same product for a different disease or condition. Recent court cases have challenged FDA s approach to determining the scope of orphan drug exclusivity; however, at this time the agency continues to apply its long-standing interpretation of the governing regulations and has stated that it does not plan to change any orphan drug implementing regulations. Post-Approval Requirements Any products that we may manufacture or distribute pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, monitoring and record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences with the product, periodic reporting requirements, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information, product sampling and distribution requirements, as well as advertising and promotion requirements, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, restrictions on promoting products for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the product s approved uses (known as off-label use), limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, and requirements for promotional activities involving the Internet. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval of a new BLA or a supplement, which may require the applicant to develop additional data or conduct additional pre-clinical studies and clinical trials. The FDA may also place other conditions on approvals, including the requirement for a REMS, to assure the safe use of the product. A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing of products. In addition, quality control and manufacturing procedures must continue to conform to applicable manufacturing requirements after approval to ensure the quality and long-term stability of the product. The cGMP regulations include requirements relating to organization of personnel, buildings and facilities, equipment, control of components and drug product containers and closures, production and process controls, packaging and labeling controls, holding and distribution, laboratory controls, records and reports and returned or salvaged products. The manufacturing facilities for our programs and development candidates must meet cGMP requirements and satisfy the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities before any product is approved and our commercial products can be manufactured. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the production of clinical and commercial quantities of our products in 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 accordance with cGMP regulations. These third-party manufacturers must comply with cGMP regulations that require, among other things, quality control and quality assurance, the maintenance of records and documentation and the obligation to investigate and correct any deviations from cGMP. Manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved biologics are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. Future inspections by the FDA and other regulatory agencies may identify compliance issues at the facilities of our CMOs that may disrupt production or distribution or require substantial resources to correct. In addition, the discovery of conditions that violate these rules, including failure to conform to cGMP regulations, could result in enforcement actions, and the discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer, or holder of an approved BLA, including, among other things, voluntary recall and regulatory sanctions as described below. The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, could result in adverse consequences to the Company. Examples of these consequences include, without limitation, the following: may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program; complete withdrawal of the product from the market or other limits on marketing or manufacture of the product; imposition of civil or criminal penalties. The FDA closely regulates the marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of biologics. A company can make only those claims relating to safety and efficacy, purity and potency that are approved by the FDA and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off label uses. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. Physicians may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. Pediatric exclusivity Pediatric exclusivity is a type of non-patent marketing exclusivity available in the United States and, if granted, it provides for the attachment of an additional six months of marketing protection to the term of any existing regulatory exclusivity or listed patents. This six-month exclusivity may be granted if a sponsor submits pediatric data that fairly responds to a Written Request from the FDA for such data. The data do not need to show the product to be effective in the pediatric population studied; rather, if the clinical trial is deemed to fairly respond to the FDA s request, the additional protection is granted. If reports of requested pediatric studies are submitted to and accepted by the FDA within the statutory time limits, whatever statutory or regulatory periods of exclusivity or patent protection cover the product are extended by six months. This is not a patent term extension, but it effectively extends the regulatory period during which the FDA cannot approve another application. The issuance of a Written Request does not require the sponsor to undertake the described studies. Biosimilars and Reference Product Exclusivity The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or collectively, the ACA, signed into law in 2010, includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. To date, a number of biosimilars have been licensed under the BPCIA, and numerous biosimilars have been approved in Europe. The FDA has issued several guidance documents outlining an approach to review and approval of biosimilars. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Biosimilarity, which requires that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical study or studies. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products that are administered multiple times to an individual, the biologic and the reference biologic may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic without such alteration or switch. Upon licensure by the FDA, an interchangeable biosimilar may be substituted for the reference product without the intervention of the health care provider who prescribed the reference product, although to date no such products have been approved for marketing in the United States. Complexities associated with the larger, and often more complex, structures of biological products, as well as the processes by which such products are manufactured, pose significant hurdles to implementation of the abbreviated approval pathway that are still being worked out by the FDA. At this juncture, it is unclear whether products deemed interchangeable by the FDA will, in fact, be readily substituted by pharmacies, which are governed by state pharmacy law. The biosimilar applicant must demonstrate that the product is biosimilar based on data from (1) analytical studies showing that the biosimilar product is highly similar to the reference product; (2) animal studies (including toxicity); and (3) one or more clinical studies to demonstrate safety, purity and potency in one or more appropriate conditions of use for which the reference product is approved. In addition, the applicant must show that the biosimilar and reference products have the same mechanism of action for the conditions of use on the label, route of administration, dosage and strength, and the production facility must meet standards designed to assure product safety, purity and potency. A reference biological product is granted 12 years of data exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the product, and the first approved interchangeable biologic product will be granted an exclusivity period of up to one year after it is first commercially marketed. As part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act for 2023, Congress amended the PHSA in order to permit multiple interchangeable products approved on the same day to receive and benefit from this one-year exclusivity period. If pediatric studies are performed and accepted by the FDA as responsive to a Written Request, the 12-year exclusivity period will be extended for an additional six months. In addition, the FDA will not accept an application for a biosimilar or interchangeable product based on the reference biological product until four years after the date of first licensure of the reference product. First licensure typically means the initial date the particular product at issue was licensed in the United States. Date of first licensure does not include the date of licensure of (and a new period of exclusivity is not available for) a supplement for the reference product for a subsequent application filed by the same sponsor or manufacturer of the reference product (or licensor, predecessor in interest or other related entity) for a change (not including a modification to the structure of the biological product) that results in a new indication, route of administration, dosing schedule, dosage form, delivery system, delivery device or strength or for a modification to the structure of the biological product that does not result in a change in safety, purity or potency. Therefore, one must determine whether a new product includes a modification to the structure of a previously licensed product that results in a change in safety, purity or potency to assess whether the licensure of the new product is a first licensure that triggers its own period of exclusivity. Whether a subsequent application, if approved, warrants exclusivity as the first licensure of a biological product is determined on a case-by-case basis with data submitted by the sponsor. The BPCIA is complex and continues to be interpreted and implemented by the FDA. In addition, recent government proposals have sought to reduce the 12-year reference product exclusivity period. Other aspects of the BPCIA, some of which may impact the BPCIA exclusivity provisions, have also been the subject of recent litigation. As a result, the ultimate impact, implementation, and impact of the BPCIA is subject to significant uncertainty. Other U.S. Health Care Laws and Compliance Requirements Although we currently do not have any products on the market, our business operations and current and future arrangements with investigators, health care professionals, consultants, third-party payors and customers may be subject to regulation and enforcement by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including but not limited to, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, (such as the Office of Inspector General and the Health Resources and Service Administration), the Department of Justice, or the DOJ, and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the DOJ, and state 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 and local governments. For example, sales, marketing and scientific/educational grant programs may have to comply with the anti-fraud and abuse provisions of the Social Security Act, the false claims laws, the privacy and security provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, and similar state laws, each as amended, as applicable. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity, from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal health care programs. The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between therapeutic product manufacturers on one hand and prescribers and purchasers on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution. The exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Further, courts have found that if one purpose of remuneration is to induce referrals, the federal Anti-Kickback statute is violated. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. Our practices, including our arrangements with physicians, may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for protection under a statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor. The federal false claims and civil monetary penalty laws, including the False Claims Act, or FCA, which can be enforced by private citizens through civil qui tam actions, prohibit any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. A claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. For instance, historically, pharmaceutical and other health care companies have been, and continue to be, prosecuted under these laws for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. A violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute makes any claim submitted as a result of the violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute a false claim under the FCA. Other companies have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of the product for unapproved, off-label, and thus generally non-reimbursable, uses. HIPAA created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under the control or custody of, any health care benefit program, including private third-party payors, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a health care offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by trick, scheme or device, a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services. Like the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, under HIPAA a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Also, many states have similar, and typically more prohibitive, fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. Additionally, to the extent that our products are approved by and sold in a foreign country, we may be subject to similar foreign laws. We may be subject to data privacy and security regulations by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and their implementing regulations, impose requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information on certain health care providers, health care clearinghouses, and health plans, known as covered entities, as well as independent contractors, or agents of covered entities that create, receive or obtain individually identifiable health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity, known as a business associates. Among other things, the passage of HITECH made HIPAA s privacy 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 and security standards directly applicable to business associates. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce HIPAA and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, many state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways, are often not pre-empted by HIPAA, and may have a more prohibitive effect than HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. Additionally, the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, or the Sunshine Act, within the ACA, and its implementing regulations, require that certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biological and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) report annually to CMS information related to certain payments or other transfers of value made or distributed to physicians, as broadly defined by such law, certain advanced non-physician health care practitioners, and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, such individuals or entities, and to report annually certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. In addition, many states also govern the reporting of payments or other transfers of value, many of which differ from each other in significant ways, are often not pre-empted, and may have a more prohibitive effect than the Sunshine Act, thus further complicating compliance efforts. In order to distribute products commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of drug and biological products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities, and/or register their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other health care entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and marketing practices. All of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. Ensuring business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable health care laws and regulations is a costly endeavor. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state health care laws described above or any other current or future governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including without limitation, civil, criminal and/or administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, injunctions, private qui tam actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government, or refusal to allow us to enter into government contracts, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting obligations and integrity oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. The complex compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance or reporting requirements increases the possibility that a health care company may run afoul of one or more of the requirements. Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any programs or development candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval. In the United States and in foreign markets, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party payors provide coverage and establish adequate reimbursement levels for such products. In the United States, 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 third-party payors include federal and state health care programs, private managed care providers, health insurers and other organizations. Coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid in the United States, and commercial payors are critical to new product acceptance. Third-party payors decide which therapeutics they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. In the United States, the principal decisions about reimbursement for new medicines are typically made by CMS. CMS decides whether and to what extent our products will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare and private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including the third-party payor s determination that use of a therapeutic is a covered benefit under its health plan, safe, effective and medically necessary, appropriate for the specific patient, cost-effective and neither experimental nor investigational. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize and, if coverage and reimbursement are available, we cannot be sure that the level of reimbursement will be adequate. Coverage may also be more limited than the purposes for which the product is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Limited coverage and less than adequate reimbursement may reduce the demand for, or the price of, any product for which we obtain regulatory approval. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity, and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical products, therapies, and services, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. Obtaining reimbursement for our products may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with branded drugs and biologics, as well as drugs and biologics administered under the supervision of a physician. We may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs required to obtain FDA approvals. Our programs and development candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. Obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a product from a third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our product on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. A third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Additionally, in the United States there is no uniform policy among third-party payors for coverage or reimbursement. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own coverage and reimbursement policies, but also have their own methods and approval processes. Therefore, one third-party payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product. Adequate third-party payor reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any program or development candidate that we successfully develop. Many pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics, such as average sales price and best price, to the government, such as average sales price and best price. These prices for drugs or biologics may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government health care programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs or biologics from countries where drugs may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Further, certain of our products, if approved, may be administered by a physician. Under currently applicable U.S. law, certain products that are not self-administered by the patient (including injectable drugs) may be eligible for coverage under Medicare through Medicare Part B. Medicare Part B is part of original Medicare, the federal health care program that provides health care benefits to the aged and disabled, and covers outpatient services and supplies, including certain drug and biological products, that are medically necessary to treat a beneficiary s health condition. As a condition of receiving Medicare Part B reimbursement for a manufacturer s eligible drugs or biologicals, the manufacturer is required to participate in other government health care programs, including the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and the 340B Drug Pricing Program. The Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires biopharmaceutical manufacturers to enter into and have in effect a national rebate agreement with the Secretary of HHS as a condition for states to receive federal matching funds for the manufacturer s outpatient therapeutic products furnished to Medicaid patients. Under the 340B Drug Pricing Program, the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities that participate in the program. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Different pricing and reimbursement schemes exist in other countries. In the European Union, governments influence the price of pharmaceutical products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national health care systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular program or development candidate to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on health care costs has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country. The marketability of any programs or development candidates for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide coverage and adequate reimbursement. In addition, emphasis on managed care, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations, and additional legislative changes in the United States has increased, and we expect will continue to increase, the pressure on health care pricing. The downward pressure on the rise in health care costs has become very intense. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Health Care Reform In the United States and some jurisdictions outside the United States, there have been, and continue to be, proposed legislative and regulatory changes to the current health care systems that could prevent or delay marketing approval of programs and development candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities, and affect the ability to profitably sell programs and development candidates for which marketing approval is obtained. The FDA s and other regulatory authorities policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product and therapeutic candidates. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we otherwise may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in health care systems with the stated goals of containing health care costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. For example, the ACA was enacted in March 2010 and has had a significant impact on the health care industry in the United States. The ACA expanded coverage for the uninsured while at the same time containing overall health care costs. With regard to biopharmaceutical products, the ACA, among other things, addressed a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected, increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extended the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, established annual fees on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs, and created a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program. Additionally, the Creating and Restoring Equal Access to Equivalent Samples Act was enacted on December 20, 2019 to address the concern articulated by both the FDA and others in the industry that some brand manufacturers have improperly restricted the distribution of their products, including by invoking the existence of a REMS for certain products, to deny generic product developers access to samples of brand products. Because generic product developers need samples to conduct certain comparative testing required by the FDA, some have attributed the inability to timely obtain samples as a cause of delay in the entry of generic products. To remedy this concern, the CREATES Act establishes a private cause of action that permits a generic product developer to sue the brand manufacturer to compel it to furnish the necessary samples on commercially reasonable, market-based terms. Whether and how generic product developments will use this new pathway, as well as the likely outcome of any legal challenges to provisions of the CREATES Act, remain highly uncertain and its potential effects on any of our future commercial products are unknown. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Following several years of litigation in the federal courts, in June 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the ACA when it dismissed a legal challenge to the ACA s constitutionality. Further legislative and regulatory changes under the ACA remain possible, but it is unknown what form any such changes or any law would take, and how or whether it may affect the biopharmaceutical industry as a whole or our business in the future. We expect that changes or additions to the ACA, the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and changes stemming from other health care reform measures, especially with regard to health care access, financing or other legislation in individual states, could have a material adverse effect on the health care industry in the United States. In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA that affect health care expenditures. These changes include aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year pursuant to the Budget Control Act of 2011, which began in 2013 and was extended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act for 2023 and will remain in effect through 2032 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Moreover, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. In May 2019, DHHS issued a final rule to allow Medicare Advantage plans the option to use step therapy for Part B drugs beginning January 1, 2020. This final rule codified a DHHS policy change that was effective January 1, 2019. More recently, in August 2022, President Biden signed into the law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the IRA. Among other things, the IRA has multiple provisions that may impact the prices of drug products that are both sold into the Medicare program and throughout the United States. Starting in 2023, a manufacturer of a drug or biological product covered by Medicare Parts B or D must pay a rebate to the federal government if the drug product s price increases faster than the rate of inflation. This calculation is made on a drug product by drug product basis and the amount of the rebate owed to the federal government is directly dependent on the volume of a drug product that is paid for by Medicare Parts B or D. Additionally, starting in payment year 2026, CMS will negotiate drug prices annually for a select number of single source Part D drugs without generic or biosimilar competition. CMS will also negotiate drug prices for a select number of Part B drugs starting for payment year 2028. If a drug product is selected by CMS for negotiation, it is expected that the revenue generated from such drug will decrease. Individual states in the United States have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In December 2020, the U.S. Supreme Court held unanimously that federal law does not preempt the states ability to regulate pharmaceutical benefit managers, or PBMs, and other members of the health care and pharmaceutical supply chain, an important decision that may lead to further and more aggressive efforts by states in this area. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. We expect that additional state and federal health care reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for health care products and services, including any future drug products for which we secure marketing approval. Additional Regulation In addition to the foregoing, state and federal laws regarding environmental protection and hazardous substances, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Resource Conservancy and Recovery Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act, affect our business. These and other laws govern our use, handling and disposal of various biological, chemical and radioactive substances used in, and wastes generated by, our operations. If our operations result in contamination of the environment or expose individuals to hazardous substances, we could be liable for damages and governmental fines. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws and that 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 continued compliance therewith will not have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict, however, how changes in these laws may affect our future operations. We are also subject to numerous federal, state and local laws relating to such matters as safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, environmental protection, fire hazard control, and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances. We may incur significant costs to comply with such laws and regulations now or in the future. Employees and Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had 37 full-time employees, including 25 who hold advanced degrees. Of these employees, 24 were engaged in research and development activities and 13 were engaged in general and administrative activities. None of our employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, training, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors and consultants. We offer a competitive total rewards package, updated in 2022 based on market research. During 2020 through 2022, we also adjusted our practices and processes to support employees in a pandemic environment. We incentivize high performers through an annual bonus program based on our performance for which all employees are eligible. We also offer equity incentive plans, the purpose of which are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of share-based compensation awards in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating team members to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. Facilities We currently lease 11,000 square feet of office and laboratory space in Exton, Pennsylvania under a lease that expires on March 31, 2024. We believe the leased space is sufficient to meet our immediate facility needs, and that any additional space we may require will be available on commercially reasonable terms. Item 1A. Risk Factors As noted throughout this Annual Report, we are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. You should consider and read carefully all the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as other information included in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and related notes appearing at the end of this Annual Report and our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. This Annual Report also contains forward-looking statements and estimates. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below. Risks Related to Our Business We are a biopharmaceutical company with a history of losses. We expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. We are a biopharmaceutical company with a history of losses. Since our inception, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to research and development, raising capital, building our management team and building our intellectual property portfolio, and we have incurred significant operating losses. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 116.0 million. Our net loss was 36.9 million and 24.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Substantially all our losses have resulted from expenses incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. To date, we have not generated any revenue from product sales, and we have not identified or sought or 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 obtained regulatory approval for the marketing or sale of any product. Furthermore, we do not expect to generate any revenue from product sales for the foreseeable future, and we expect to continue to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future due to the cost of research and development activities and the regulatory approval process for our programs and development candidates. We expect our net losses to increase substantially as we continue our operations; however, the amount of our future losses is uncertain. Our ability to achieve or sustain profitability, if ever, will depend on, among other things, successfully identifying and developing our programs and development candidates, obtaining regulatory approvals for marketing and commercialization, manufacturing on commercially reasonable terms, performance as anticipated by our vendors, entering into additional potential future strategic partnerships and performing and meeting milestones on strategic partnerships, establishing a sales and marketing organization or suitable third-party alternatives for any approved product and raising sufficient funds to finance business activities. If we, or our potential future partners, are unable to commercialize one or more of our programs or development candidates, or if sales revenue from any program or development candidate that receives approval is insufficient, we will not achieve or sustain profitability, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any predictions you make about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a history of successfully developing and commercializing pharmaceutical products. We will need to raise substantial additional funds to advance development of our programs and development candidates and our discovery engine, and we cannot guarantee that we will have sufficient funds available in the future to develop and commercialize them. The research and development of biopharmaceutical products is capital-intensive. If our programs and development candidates continue to advance through preclinical studies and clinical trials, we will need substantial additional funds to expand our development, regulatory, manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities. We have used substantial funds to develop our discovery engine and will require significant funds to continue to develop our discovery platform and conduct further research and development, including preclinical studies and clinical trials, to seek regulatory approvals and to manufacture and market products, if any, that are approved for commercial sale. In addition, we incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. As of December 31, 2022, we had 20.3 million in cash, which does not include the 30.0 million received in January 2023 upon entry into the Collaboration Agreement with AbbVie. Based on our current operating plan, we believe that our cash as of December 31, 2022, together with the 30.0 million upfront payment received from AbbVie under the Collaboration Agreement, will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least 12 months from the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our future capital requirements and the period for which we expect our existing resources to support our operations may vary significantly from what we expect. Our monthly spending levels vary based on new and ongoing research and development and other corporate activities. Because the length of time and activities associated with successful research and development of biopharmaceutical products is highly uncertain, we are unable to estimate the actual funds we will require for development and any approved marketing and commercialization activities. The timing and amount of our operating expenditures will depend largely on factors discussed in these Risk Factors, including the following: the scope, number, timing and progress of preclinical and clinical development activities; the price and pricing structure that we are able to obtain from our third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture our preclinical study and clinical trial materials and supplies and other vendors relevant to advancement of our programs; the costs involved in obtaining, maintaining, enforcing and defending patents and other intellectual property rights and the resources needed to pursue regulatory approvals; our efforts to enhance operational systems, secure sufficient laboratory space and hire additional personnel, including personnel to support development of our programs and development candidates and satisfy our obligations as a public company. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 To date, we have primarily financed our operations through the sale of equity securities and our other transaction authority contract with the DoD. We may seek to raise any necessary additional capital through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, additional collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements, government contracts and other marketing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in acquiring additional funding at levels sufficient to fund our operations on terms favorable to us. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing when needed, we may have to delay, reduce the scope of or suspend one or more of our preclinical studies, clinical trials, research and development programs or commercialization efforts. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of our programs and development candidates, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our current and anticipated preclinical studies and clinical trials. To the extent that we raise additional capital through additional collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights, future revenue streams or research programs or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we do raise additional capital through public or private equity or convertible debt offerings, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our stockholders rights. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. We do not expect to realize revenue from product sales (either directly or through our collaborators) in the foreseeable future, if at all, and unless and until they are clinically tested, approved for commercialization and successfully marketed. We may be unable to advance any of our programs and development candidates through clinical development, obtain regulatory approval and ultimately commercialize them, or we may experience significant delays in doing so, either ourselves or through a partner. Other than IMM-BCP-01 and IMM-ONC-01, we have no identified development candidates at this time, and we may never identify any or advance them to IND-enabling studies or clinical-stage development. We have no products on the market that have gained regulatory approval and do not currently have any active clinical trials. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve and sustain profitability depends on our ability to continue to identify programs and nominate development candidates, advancing them into preclinical and clinical development and obtaining regulatory approvals for and successfully commercializing them, either alone or through a collaboration. Before obtaining regulatory approval for the commercial distribution of any programs or development candidates, we, either alone or with or through a collaborator, must conduct extensive preclinical studies, followed by clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy in humans. We cannot be certain of the timely completion or outcome of our research and development activities or our planned clinical studies, and we cannot predict the actions of the FDA or other regulatory authorities or if further research and development activities will ultimately support the further advancement of our programs and development candidates. Our programs and development candidates are in the early stages, and we are subject to the risks of failure inherent in novel approaches, targets and mechanisms of action. We submitted an IND for the IMM-BCP-01 program to the FDA in November 2021. In March 2022, the FDA communicated that the clinical study can be initiated for our antibody cocktail for the treatment of SARS-CoV-2 following a brief clinical hold, and we initiated the Phase 1b study of IMM-BCP-01 in patients infected with SARS-CoV-2 in June 2022. On January 6, 2023, we announced that we successfully completed dosing of the first cohort of patients in a Phase 1b study with no significant treatment-related adverse events. We have decided to seek a partner in order to continue the trial and for any further development activities. No assurance can be given that we will be able to find a suitable partner for IMM-BCP-01, that any potential partner will offer us satisfactory partnering terms or that any such partner will have success in its development and commercialization efforts. We expect to prepare and submit to the FDA an IND for IMM-ONC-01 by mid-2023. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so as anticipated or that we will not face regulatory hurdles. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 We may not have the financial resources to continue development of, or to enter into new collaborations for, our programs and development candidates. This may be exacerbated by one or more of the following: negative or inconclusive results from our clinical trials or the clinical trials of others for programs and development candidates similar to ours, leading to a decision or requirement to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials or abandon a program; product-related side effects experienced by participants in our clinical trials or by individuals using drugs or therapeutic antibodies similar to ours; delays in IND submissions or comparable foreign applications, or delays or failure in obtaining the necessary approvals from regulators to commence a clinical trial, or a suspension or termination of a clinical trial once commenced; inadequate supply or quality of components or materials or other supplies necessary for the conduct of our clinical trials; poor effectiveness of our development candidates during clinical trials; unfavorable FDA or other regulatory agency inspection and review of a clinical trial or manufacture site; failure of our third-party contractors or investigators to comply with regulatory requirements or otherwise meet their contractual obligations in a timely manner, or at all; the FDA or other regulatory agencies interpreting our data differently than we do; or adverse impacts caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, which could heighten any of the foregoing risks. 
 Further, we and any potential future partners may never receive necessary marketing and commercialization approvals from regulatory authorities. Even if we or a potential future partner obtains regulatory approval, the approval may be for targets, disease indications or patient populations not as broad as we intended or desired or may require labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings. We or a potential future partner may be subject to post-marketing testing requirements to maintain regulatory approval. We may not be successful in our efforts to use and expand our discovery engine to build a pipeline. A key element of our strategy is to use and expand our discovery engine to build a pipeline and progress the pipeline through preclinical and clinical development for the treatment of various diseases. Our scientific research that forms the basis of our discovery efforts based on our discovery engine is ongoing. Further, the scientific evidence to support the feasibility of developing therapeutic antibodies based on our platform has not been established. Our discovery engine may not be proven to be superior to competing technologies. Even if we are successful in building our pipeline, the programs and development candidates that we identify may not be suitable for clinical development or generate acceptable clinical data, including as a result of being shown to have unacceptable toxicity or other characteristics that indicate that they are unlikely to be products that will receive marketing approval from regulatory authorities or achieve market acceptance. If we or our collaborators do not successfully develop and commercialize programs and development candidates, we will not be able to generate product revenue in the future. We may pursue particular programs or development candidates; these decisions may prove to be wrong and may adversely impact our business. In the natural course of progressing our programs and development candidates, we may make decisions about the prioritization of programs and development candidates that may prove to be incorrect. In addition, because we have limited financial and other resources, we may be limited in our ability to pursue all potential programs and development candidates of interest, even if we would otherwise choose to do so if these limitations did not exist. For these reasons, 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 we may fail to capitalize on viable opportunities. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a program or development candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to it through partnership, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights. To date, we have not identified a partner for the IMM-BCP-01 program, and we may not be able to find such a suitable partner in the future, which could impair our ability to derive value from the IMM-BCP-01 program. We have decided to seek a partner in order to continue our Phase 1b trial for the IMM-BCP-01 program and for any further development activities. As a result of this determination, the primary path available to derive value from the IMM-BCP-01 program is to find a suitable partner for the program. We currently have no agreements or commitments to engage in any specific partnerships. There can be no assurance that we will enter into any partnership as a result of this effort or that a partnership will be able to be consummated upon favorable terms. Furthermore, if we enter into a partnership relating to the IMM-BCP-01 program, our business objectives may change depending upon the nature of the partnership. We cannot predict the impact that a partnership might have on our stock price. We also cannot predict the impact on our stock price if we fail to enter into such a partnership. If we do enter into a partnership regarding the IMM-BCP-01 program, there is no assurance that the partner will be successful in the development of the program as any potential partner would be subject to many of the same risks associated with clinical development set forth in this Risk Factors section. We have obtained rights to use human samples in furtherance of our research and development. However, if we failed to obtain appropriate permission to use these samples or exceed the scope of the permissions given, our program could be adversely affected. Our discovery process involves gathering tissue samples from humans. While we attempt to ensure that we and our vendors have obtained these samples with all necessary permissions, there is a risk that one or more individuals from whom samples were collected, or their representatives may assert that we have either failed to obtain appropriate permission or exceeded the scope of permission granted. In such circumstances, we could be required to pay monetary damages, to pay a continuing royalty on any products created or invented by analyzing the person s sample or even to cease using the sample and any and all materials derived from or created through analysis of the sample, any of which could result in a change to our business plan and materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Further, in some cases, these penalties could materially impact the performance, availability, or validity of studies conducted by us or on our behalf. Even in the absence of violations resulting in penalties, regulatory and other authorities may refuse to authorize the conduct or to accept the results of studies for regulatory or ethical reasons, which could impact our ability to progress our program into clinical trials, and peer-reviewed journals may refuse to publish scientific findings, which could limit our ability to disseminate information related to this program. Clinical trials are expensive, time-consuming and difficult to design and implement. Human clinical trials are expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. Because our programs and development candidates are based on new technologies and discovery approaches, we expect that they will require extensive research and development and have substantial manufacturing and processing costs. For example, IMM-BCP-01 includes a combination of antibodies to prevent or treat the SARS-CoV-2 virus, which complicates the clinical development program, for example by requiring factorial study design to determine the relative contribution of each antibody to the therapeutic activity and require us or our CROs to conduct additional or more complex clinical trials. In addition, costs to treat study participants and to treat potential side effects that may result from our development candidates may be significant. Accordingly, our clinical trial costs are likely to be high and could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Clinical development has an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. It is impossible to predict when or if any of our programs or development candidates will prove effective and safe in humans or will receive regulatory approval. Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities, we must, as applicable, complete preclinical studies and then conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy in humans. Clinical testing can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of any of our programs and development candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. In addition, development candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of pharmaceutical companies have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. We do not know whether planned preclinical studies and clinical trials will be completed on schedule or at all, or whether planned clinical trials will begin on time, need to be redesigned, enroll participants on time or be completed on schedule, if at all. Our development programs may be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays related to: inability to generate sufficient preclinical, toxicology, or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation of clinical trials; delays in sufficiently developing, characterizing or controlling a manufacturing process suitable for clinical trials; delays in developing suitable assays for screening participants for eligibility for trials with respect to certain programs and development candidates; delays in reaching agreement with the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities as to the design or implementation of our clinical trials; reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites; obtaining institutional review board, or IRB, approval at each clinical trial site; recruiting suitable participants to participate in a clinical trial and having participants complete a clinical trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; clinical trial sites, CROs or other third parties deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; failure to perform in accordance with the FDA s GCP requirements, or applicable regulatory guidelines in other countries; any unresolved ethical issues associated with enrolling patients in clinical trials in lieu of prescribing existing treatments that have established safety and efficacy profiles. addressing participant safety concerns that arise during the course of a trial, including occurrence of adverse events that are viewed to outweigh potential benefits; or having inadequate supply or quality of components or materials or other supplies necessary for the conduct of our preclinical studies or clinical trials. 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 Furthermore, we expect to rely on CROs and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials and, while we expect to enter into agreements governing their committed activities, we have limited influence over their actual performance. As noted above, our IMM-BCP-01 Phase 1b clinical study was suspended. Any additional clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by us, our partners, the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, the Data Safety Monitoring Board for such trial or by the FDA or other regulatory authorities due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug or therapeutic biologic, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. If we experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical trial of any of our programs, the commercial prospects will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenue will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow our product development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. Any of these occurrences may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval. If we encounter difficulties enrolling participants in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials for our programs or development candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible participants to participate in these trials as required by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. The enrollment of participants depends on many factors, including: the severity of the disease under investigation; the eligibility criteria defined in the clinical trial protocol and the size of the population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; the existence of approved antibody therapies, or ones available under Emergency Use Authorizations, for treating similar populations may limit recruitment into the clinical trial; the willingness or availability of eligible individuals to participate in our clinical trials; the proximity and availability of clinical trial sites; the referral practices of physicians; our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; perceptions as to the potential advantages of the candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications we are investigating; our ability to obtain and maintain participant consents; and the risk that those enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion. 
 In addition, our future clinical trials will compete with other clinical trials for programs and development candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as those being pursued by us, and this competition will reduce the number and types of participants available to us, because some participants who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being conducted by one of our competitors. Since the number of qualified clinical investigators is 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of participants who are available for our clinical trials at such clinical trial sites. Additionally, because we anticipate that some of our oncology clinical trials will be in patients with advanced solid tumors, the patients are typically in the late stages of the disease and may experience disease progression or adverse events independent from our programs and development candidates, making them unevaluable for purposes of the trial and requiring additional enrollment. Delays in enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of the planned clinical trials, which could prevent completion of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our pipeline. Preliminary results from our preclinical studies and clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more data becomes available and as the data undergoes audit and verification procedures. From time to time, we may publish preliminary results from our preclinical studies and clinical trials. Interim results from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as enrollment continues and more data becomes available. Preliminary or top-line results also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, interim and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data is available. Differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly affect our business prospects. If we are unable to obtain approval via the accelerated approval pathway, we may be required to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials. Even if we receive accelerated approval from the FDA, the FDA may seek to withdraw accelerated approval. We may seek an accelerated approval development pathway (see Expedited Development and Review Programs section for discussion about the accelerated approval pathway). If we choose to pursue accelerated approval, we intend to seek feedback from the FDA or will otherwise evaluate our ability to seek and receive such accelerated approval. After our evaluation of the feedback from the FDA or other factors, we may decide not to pursue or submit a BLA for accelerated approval or any other form of expedited development, review or approval. Furthermore, if we submit an application for accelerated approval, there can be no assurance that such application will be accepted or that approval will be granted on a timely basis, or at all. The FDA also could require us to conduct further studies or trials prior to considering our application or granting approval of any type. We might not be able to fulfill the FDA s requirements in a timely manner, which would cause delays, or approval might not be granted because our submission is deemed incomplete by the FDA. Even if we receive accelerated approval from the FDA, we will be subject to rigorous post-marketing requirements, including the completion of confirmatory post-market clinical trials to verify the clinical benefit of the product, and submission to the FDA of all promotional materials prior to their dissemination. The FDA could seek to withdraw accelerated approval for multiple reasons, including if we fail to conduct any required post-market study with due diligence; a post-market study does not confirm the predicted clinical benefit; other evidence shows that the product is not safe or effective under the conditions of use; or we disseminate promotional materials that are found by the FDA to be false and misleading. A failure to obtain accelerated approval or any other form of expedited development, review or approval for a program or development candidate that we may choose to develop would delay our commercialization, could increase the cost of development and could harm our competitive position in the marketplace. We may not elect or be able to take advantage of any expedited development or regulatory review and approval processes available to programs and development candidates granted breakthrough therapy or fast track designation by the FDA. We intend to evaluate and discuss with the FDA on regulatory strategies that could enable us to take advantage of expedited development pathways for certain of our programs and development candidates. Potential expedited 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 development pathways that we could pursue include breakthrough therapy and fast track designation (see discussion about those pathways in our Expedited Development and Review Programs section). We cannot assure you that any of our programs or development candidates would be eligible for, or be granted, breakthrough therapy or fast track designation. Breakthrough therapy designation and fast track designation do not change the standards for product approval, and there is no assurance that such designation or eligibility will result in expedited review or approval or that the approved indication will not be narrower than the indication covered by the breakthrough therapy designation or fast track designation. Thus, even if we do receive breakthrough therapy or fast track designation, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. The FDA may withdraw breakthrough therapy or fast track designation if it believes that the product no longer meets the qualifying criteria. Our business may be harmed if we are unable to avail ourselves of, or to maintain, these or any other expedited development and regulatory pathways. The market may not be receptive to our programs and development candidates, and we may not generate any revenue from their sale, partnering or licensing. Even if regulatory marketing approval is obtained, we may not generate or sustain revenue from sales of the corresponding product. Market acceptance will depend on, among other factors: the timing of our receipt of any marketing and commercialization approvals and the terms of such approvals; safety and efficacy; limitations or warnings contained in any labeling approved by the FDA or other regulatory authority; relative convenience and ease of administration; the availability of coverage and adequate government and third-party payor reimbursement and the pricing of our products, particularly as compared to alternative treatments; and availability of alternative effective treatments for the disease indications that our programs or development candidates are intended to treat and the relative risks, benefits and costs of those treatments. 
 If any program or development candidate we commercialize fails to achieve market acceptance, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If the market opportunities for our programs and development candidates are smaller than we believe they are, our future product revenues may be adversely affected, and our business may suffer. Our understanding of the number of people who suffer from certain types of medical conditions that may be able to be treated with antibodies that have been and may in the future be identified by our discovery engine is based on estimates. These estimates may prove to be incorrect, and new studies may reduce the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. The number of patients in the United States or elsewhere may turn out to be lower than expected or may not be otherwise amenable to treatment. Additionally, patients may become increasingly difficult to identify and access, all of which would adversely affect our business prospects and financial condition. In particular, the treatable population for various oncology indications may further be reduced if our estimates of addressable populations are erroneous or sub-populations of patients do not derive benefit from our programs and development candidates. Further, there are several factors that could contribute to making the actual number of participants in clinical studies less than the potentially addressable market. These include the lack of widespread availability of, and limited reimbursement for, new therapies in many underdeveloped markets. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 If we or others identify undesirable side effects caused by a program or development candidate undergoing clinical trials, our ability to market and derive revenue from the program or development candidate could be compromised. Undesirable side effects caused by any programs or development candidates could cause regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Results of our clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of these side effects. In such an event, our trials could be suspended or terminated, and the FDA or other regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of or deny approval of a program or development candidate for any or all targeted indications. Such side effects could also affect recruitment or the ability of enrolled participants to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition and impair our ability to generate revenues. Further, clinical trials by their nature utilize a sample of the potential population. With a limited number of participants and limited duration of exposure, rare and severe side effects of a program or development candidate may only be uncovered when a significantly larger number of participants are exposed to the program and development candidate or when participants are exposed for a longer period of time. In the event that any of our programs or development candidates receive regulatory approval and we or others identify undesirable side effects caused by one of these products, any of the following adverse events could occur, which could result in the loss of significant revenue to us and materially and adversely affect our results of operations and business: regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of the product, seize the product or additional restrictions may be imposed on the marketing of the particular product or the manufacturing processes for the product or any component thereof; we may be required to recall the product, change the way the product is administered, conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials or change the labeling of the product; we may be sued, subject to fines, injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties; and regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as a black box warning or a contraindication or a limitation on the indications for use or impose restrictions on the distribution in the form of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, in connection with approval. 
 If any of our programs or development candidates is approved for marketing and commercialization in the future and we are unable to develop sales, marketing and distribution capabilities on our own or enter into agreements with third parties to perform these functions on acceptable terms, we will be unable to successfully commercialize any such future products. We currently have no sales, marketing or distribution capabilities or experience. We will need to develop internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities to commercialize each program and development candidate that gains FDA approval, which would be expensive and time-consuming, or enter into strategic partnerships with third parties to perform these services. If we decide to market any approved products directly, we will need to commit significant financial and managerial resources to develop a marketing and sales force with technical expertise and supporting distribution, administration and compliance capabilities. If we rely on third parties with such capabilities to market any approved products or decide to co-promote products with partners, we will need to establish and maintain marketing and distribution arrangements with third parties, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into such arrangements on acceptable terms or at all. In entering into third-party marketing or distribution arrangements, any revenue we receive will depend upon the efforts of the third parties and we cannot assure you that such third parties will establish adequate sales and distribution capabilities or be successful in gaining market acceptance for any approved product. If we are not successful in commercializing any product approved in the future, either on our own or through third parties, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Additional regulatory burdens and other risks and uncertainties in foreign markets may limit our growth. Our future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to engage in development and commercialization efforts in foreign markets for which we may rely on strategic partnership with third parties. We will not be permitted to market or promote any program or development candidate before we receive regulatory approval from the applicable regulatory authority in a foreign market, and we may never receive such regulatory approval. To obtain separate regulatory approval in foreign countries, we generally must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such countries regarding safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials and commercial sales, pricing and distribution of a program or development candidate, and we cannot predict success in these jurisdictions. If we obtain approval of any of our programs or development candidates and ultimately commercialize any such program or development candidate in foreign markets, we would be subject to risks and uncertainties, including the burden of complying with complex and changing foreign regulatory, tax, accounting and legal requirements and the reduced protection of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries. Our business entails a significant risk of product liability, which may not be sufficiently covered by our insurance . As we move into conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, we will be exposed to significant product liability risks inherent in the development, testing, manufacturing and marketing of antibody treatments. Product liability claims could delay or prevent completion of our development programs. If we succeed in marketing products, such claims could result in an FDA investigation of the safety and effectiveness of our products, our manufacturing processes and facilities or our marketing programs and potentially a recall of our products or more serious enforcement action, limitations on the approved indications for which they may be used or suspension or withdrawal of approvals. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may also result in decreased demand for our products, injury to our reputation, costs to defend the related litigation, a diversion of management s time and our resources, substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients and a decline in our stock price. Any insurance we have or may obtain may not provide sufficient coverage against potential liabilities. Furthermore, clinical trial and product liability insurance is becoming increasingly expensive. As a result, our partners or we may be unable to obtain sufficient insurance at a reasonable cost to protect us against losses caused by product liability claims that could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If we choose to pursue strategic transactions, we may not be able to enter into such transactions on acceptable terms, if at all, which could adversely affect our development and commercialization activities, impact our cash position, increase our expense, and present significant distractions to our management. From time to time, we may consider strategic transactions, such as collaborations like our recently announced Collaboration Agreement with AbbVie, acquisitions of companies, asset purchases, joint ventures and out- or in-licensing. For example, we will evaluate and, if strategically attractive, may seek to enter into collaborations, including with biotechnology or biopharmaceutical companies or hospitals. The competition for partners is intense, and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. If we desire to enter into strategic transactions but are not able to do so, we may not have access to the required liquidity or expertise to further develop our programs and development candidates or our discovery engine. Any such collaboration, or other strategic transaction, may require us to incur non-recurring or other charges, increase our near- and long-term expenditures and pose significant integration or implementation challenges or disrupt our management or business. We may acquire additional technologies and assets, form strategic alliances or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing business, but we may not be able to realize the benefit of acquiring such assets. Conversely, any new collaboration that we do enter into may be on terms that are not optimal for us. These transactions would entail numerous operational and financial risks, including: exposure to unknown liabilities and higher-than-expected collaboration, acquisition or integration costs, write-downs of assets or goodwill or impairment charges, increased amortization expenses; and disruption of our business and diversion of our management s time and attention in order to manage a collaboration or develop acquired products, programs or technologies, including impairment of relationships 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 with key suppliers, manufacturers or customers of any acquired business due to changes in management and ownership. 
 Accordingly, although there can be no assurance that we will undertake or successfully complete any transactions of the nature described above, any transactions that we do complete may be subject to the foregoing or other risks and our business could be materially harmed by such transactions. Conversely, any failure to enter any collaboration or other strategic transaction that would be beneficial to us could delay the development and potential commercialization of our programs and development candidates and have a negative impact on the competitiveness of any program or development candidate that reaches market. In addition, to the extent that AbbVie or any of our future partners were to terminate a collaboration agreement, we may be forced to independently develop our programs and development candidates, including funding preclinical studies or clinical trials, assuming marketing and distribution costs and maintaining, enforcing and defending intellectual property rights, or, in certain instances, abandoning any program or development candidate altogether, any of which could result in a change to our business plan and materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. There is no guarantee that our collaboration with AbbVie will result in the successful discovery and validation of targets for further development and commercialization by AbbVie. Related to the AbbVie collaboration, there is no guarantee that our discovery engine will successfully discover and validate targets, or that such targets may become the subject of further successful development and commercialization by AbbVie. Additionally, if there is any conflict, dispute, disagreement, or issue of nonperformance between us and AbbVie regarding our rights or obligations under the Collaboration Agreement, AbbVie may have a right to terminate the agreement or reduce the payments due to us thereunder. If third parties on which we intend to rely to conduct our current and future preclinical and clinical studies do not perform as contractually required, fail to satisfy regulatory or legal requirements or miss expected deadlines, our programs could be delayed with material and adverse impacts on our business and financial condition. We intend to continue to rely on third-party clinical investigators, contract research organizations, or CROs, clinical data management organizations and consultants to design, conduct, supervise and monitor certain preclinical studies and any clinical trials. Because we intend to rely on these third parties and will not have the ability to conduct certain preclinical studies or clinical trials independently, we will have less control over the timing, quality and other aspects of such preclinical studies and clinical trials than we would have had we conducted them on our own. These investigators, CROs and consultants will not be our employees and we will have limited control over the amount of time and resources that they dedicate to our programs. These third parties may have contractual relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors, which may draw time and resources from our programs. The third parties with which we may contract might not be diligent, careful or timely in conducting our preclinical studies or clinical trials, resulting in the preclinical studies or clinical trials being delayed or unsuccessful. The FDA requires certain preclinical studies to be conducted in accordance with good laboratory practices and clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with good clinical practices, including for designing, conducting, recording and reporting the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials to ensure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of clinical trial participants are protected. Our reliance on third parties that we do not control will not relieve us of these responsibilities and requirements. Any adverse development or delay in our clinical trials could have a material and adverse impact on our commercial prospects and may impair our ability to generate revenue. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Because we may rely on third parties for manufacturing, supply and testing, some of which may be sole source vendors, for preclinical and clinical development materials and commercial supplies, our supply may become limited or interrupted or may not be of satisfactory quantity or quality. We rely on third-party contract manufacturers for our preclinical and future clinical trial product materials and commercial supplies. We do not intend to produce any meaningful quantity of materials needed for preclinical and clinical development through our internal resources, and we do not currently own manufacturing facilities for producing such supplies. While we intend to try to avoid sole-source arrangements with any of our manufacturing, supply and testing vendors, it may not always be possible to do so. We cannot assure you that our preclinical or future clinical development product supplies and commercial supplies will not be limited or interrupted, especially with respect to any sole source third-party manufacturing and supply partners or will be of satisfactory quality or continue to be available at acceptable prices. In particular, any replacement of our manufacturers could require significant effort and expertise because there may be a limited number of qualified replacements. The manufacturing process for a program or development candidate is subject to FDA and other regulatory authority review. Suppliers and manufacturers must meet applicable manufacturing requirements and undergo rigorous facility and process validation tests required by regulatory authorities in order to comply with regulatory standards, such as cGMP. In the event that any of our future manufacturers fails to comply with such requirements or to perform its obligations to us in relation to quality, timing or otherwise, or if our supply of components or other materials becomes limited or interrupted for other reasons, we may be forced to manufacture the materials ourselves, for which we currently do not have the capabilities or resources, or enter into an agreement with another third party, which we may not be able to do on reasonable terms, or at all. In some cases, the technical skills or technology required for manufacture may be unique or proprietary to the original manufacturer and we may have difficulty transferring such skills or technology to another third party and a feasible alternative may not exist. These factors would increase our reliance on such manufacturer or require us to obtain a license from such manufacturer in order to have another third party manufacture our materials. If we are required to change manufacturers for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations and guidelines. The delays associated with the verification of a new manufacturer could negatively affect our ability to develop in a timely manner or within budget. If we are unable to obtain or maintain third-party manufacturing for any program or development candidate, or to do so on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to complete our development and commercialization efforts successfully. Our or a third party s failure to execute on our manufacturing requirements and comply with cGMP could adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including: an inability to initiate or continue clinical trials; delay in submitting regulatory applications, or receiving regulatory approvals; loss of the cooperation of a potential future partner; subjecting third-party manufacturing facilities or our potential future manufacturing facilities to additional inspections by regulatory authorities; requirements to cease distribution or to recall batches ; and in the event of approval to market and commercialize a product, an inability to meet commercial demands. We may be unable to successfully scale manufacturing in sufficient quality and quantity, which would delay or prevent us from completing our development and commercialization efforts, if any. In order to conduct our research and development efforts, including clinical trials, for our programs and development candidates, we will need to manufacture large quantities. If any programs or development candidates are commercialized, we will need to scale up our manufacturing efforts even further. We currently expect to continue to use third parties for our manufacturing needs, as we do not currently have, nor do we currently intend to establish, our own manufacturing capacity. Our manufacturing partners may be unable to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity for any program or development candidate in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. In addition, quality issues may arise during scale-up activities and our manufacturers may fail to perform under their contracts with us, which could result in an unexpected need to change manufacturers. If we or our manufacturing partners are unable to successfully 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 scale the manufacture at any stage, in sufficient quality and quantity, the development, testing and clinical trials of that program or development candidate may be delayed or infeasible, and regulatory approval or commercial launch of any potential resulting product may be delayed or not obtained, which could significantly harm our business. Our significant reliance on third-party vendors could impair our ability to implement our business plan. We rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, third-party vendors for many aspects of our business. We depend on these third parties, and likely will continue to depend on them, to perform their obligations in a timely manner consistent with contractual and regulatory requirements. We may also need to rely on certain vendors as our sole source for manufacturing or other services, establishing additional or replacement sole source vendors, if required, may not be accomplished quickly. If we are unable to make arrangements with a vendor for a particular need, or maintain our relationship with that vendor, on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to develop and commercialize our programs or development candidates successfully or operate our business as we intend, which could harm our business, result of operations, financial condition and prospects. Any inability to attract and retain qualified key management, technical personnel and employees would impair our ability to implement our business plan. Our success largely depends on the continued service of key management, advisors and other specialized personnel. While we have a written employment agreement with our management team and each of our key employees, those employment arrangements are at-will and could be terminated at any time. The loss of one or more members of our executive team, management team or other key employees or advisors could delay our research and development programs and have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We do not currently maintain key man insurance on any of our executive officers. The relationships that our key management team members have cultivated within our industry make us particularly dependent upon their continued employment with us. We are dependent on the continued service of our technical personnel because of the highly technical nature of our programs, development candidates and technologies and the specialized nature of the regulatory approval process. Our future success will depend in large part on our continued ability to attract and retain other highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical testing, manufacturing, governmental regulation and commercialization. We face competition for personnel from other companies, universities, public and private research institutions, government entities and other organizations. As of December 31, 2022, we had 37 full-time employees. Our focus on the development of our programs and development candidates will require adequate staffing. We may need to hire and retain new employees to execute our future clinical development and manufacturing plans. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to hire or retain adequate staffing levels to advance our platform, develop our programs or development candidates or run our operations or to accomplish our objectives. We may experience difficulties in managing our growth and expanding our operations. We have limited experience in product development or clinical trials. As our programs and development candidates enter and advance through preclinical studies and any clinical trials, we will need to expand our development, regulatory and manufacturing capabilities or contract with other organizations to provide these capabilities for us. We may also experience difficulties in the discovery and development of new programs and development candidates using our discovery engine if we are unable to meet demand as we grow our operations. In the future, we also expect to have to manage additional relationships with collaborators, suppliers and other organizations. Our ability to manage our operations and future growth will require us to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and secure adequate facilities for our operational needs. We may not be able to implement improvements to our management information and control systems in an efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies in existing systems and controls. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Our employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations, provide accurate information to the FDA, comply with manufacturing standards we may establish, comply with federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws and regulations, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the health care industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Such misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. For example, individuals conducting the non-interventional clinical studies that we sponsor through which we obtain antibodies for development into potential antibody-based therapeutics may violate applicable laws and regulations regarding personal data. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a material and adverse effect on our business and financial condition, including the imposition of significant criminal, civil, and administrative fines or other sanctions, such as monetary penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government-funded health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, integrity obligations, reputational harm and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. A cyber-attack or breach of our information technology systems could cause substantial costs, significant liabilities, harm to our brand and business disruption and/or a material adverse effect on our business. In connection with the Immunome discovery engine and efforts, we may collect and use a variety of personal data, such as name, mailing address, email addresses, phone number and clinical trial information. Although we have extensive measures in place to prevent the sharing and loss of personal data in our sample collection process associated with our discovery platform, any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches or improper access to, use of, or disclosure of our clinical data or personal data could result in significant liability under state (e.g., state breach notification laws), federal (e.g., HIPAA, as amended by HITECH), and international law (e.g., the GDPR). We rely on information technology and other internal infrastructure systems that we or our third-party vendors operate to process, transmit and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. The size and complexity of our information technology systems makes them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, systems failure or other significant disruption. Additionally, we are aware that hackers have been targeting health care organizations and businesses working to develop treatments for COVID-19 and vaccines against the SARS-CoV2 virus. Our prior work to develop IMM-BCP-01 may make us a more attractive target for a cyber-attack. A successful attack could result in the theft or destruction of intellectual property, data, or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations. We have invested in our systems and the protection and recoverability of our data to reduce the risk of an intrusion or interruption, and we monitor and test our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. There can be no assurance that these measures and efforts will prevent future interruptions or breakdowns. If we or our third-party vendors fail to maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity effectively or fail to anticipate, plan for or manage significant disruptions to these systems, we or our third-party vendors could have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling such cyber-attacks and any such attacks could result in losses described above as well as disputes with physicians, clinical trial participants and our partners, regulatory sanctions or penalties, increases in operating expenses, expenses or lost revenues or other adverse consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and cash flows. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 If we do not comply with laws regulating the protection of the environment and health and human safety, our business could be adversely affected. Our research, development and manufacturing involve the use of hazardous materials and various flammable and toxic chemicals. We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these hazardous materials. Although we believe our procedures for storing, handling and disposing of these materials in our facilities comply with the relevant guidelines of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration of the U.S. Department of Labor, the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials cannot be eliminated. If an accident occurs, we could be held liable for substantial resulting damages. We are also subject to numerous environmental, health and workplace safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures, exposure to blood-borne pathogens and the handling of animals and biohazardous materials. Our workers compensation insurance may not provide adequate coverage against costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of these materials. Our current environmental liability insurance covering certain of our facilities could be inadequate for all environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of biological or hazardous materials. Additional federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting our operations may be adopted in the future. We may incur substantial costs to comply with, and substantial fines or penalties if we violate, any of these laws or regulations. Our current laboratory operations are concentrated in one location, and we or the third parties upon whom we depend on may be adversely affected by natural or other disasters and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. Our current business operations are concentrated in the greater Philadelphia area. Any unplanned event, such as flood, fire, explosion, extreme weather condition, medical epidemics, including any potential effects from a pandemic, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, power shortage, telecommunication failure or other natural or manmade accidents or incidents that result in us being unable to fully utilize our facilities or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, or lose our repository of blood-based and other valuable laboratory samples, may have a material and adverse effect on our ability to operate our business, particularly on a daily basis, and have significant negative consequences on our financial and operating conditions. Loss of access to these facilities may result in increased costs, delays in the development efforts or interruption of our business operations. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as our research facilities or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible, for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. In addition, terrorist acts or acts of war targeted at the United States, and specifically the greater Philadelphia area, could cause damage or disruption to us, our employees, facilities, partners and suppliers, The disaster recovery and business continuity plan we have in place may prove inadequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. As part of our risk management policy, we maintain insurance coverage at levels that we believe are appropriate for our business. However, in the event of an accident or incident at these facilities, we cannot assure you that the amounts of insurance will be sufficient to satisfy any damages and losses. If our facilities, or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, are unable to operate because of an accident or incident or for any other reason, even for a short period of time, any or all of our research and development programs may be harmed. Any business interruption may have a material and adverse effect on our business and financial condition. A pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial results and cause a disruption to our research, development and commercialization efforts. Public health crises such as pandemics or similar outbreaks could adversely impact our business. Notably, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our operations or those of our collaborators, vendors and other material business relations will depend on future developments, which are highly 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the outbreak, new information that will emerge concerning the severity of the virus and the actions to contain it or treat its impact, among others. We previously implemented work-from-home policies to support the community efforts to reduce the transmission of COVID-19 and protect employees, and these work-from-home policies continue in effect to the degree that we believe to be appropriate, tailored to the role of each team member; this policy continues to evolve as the specific conditions associated with COVID-19 evolve. We also implemented a number of measures to ensure employee safety and business continuity. While many restrictions in Pennsylvania and other locations in which we have employees or independent contractors have been lifted or continue to be relaxed and phased re-openings were implemented, these restrictions may be re-implemented, or new restrictions imposed if rates or incidence of infection increase. The spread of COVID-19 could also have adverse economic impacts to us. While the potential economic impact brought by, and the duration of, the COVID-19 pandemic, have been, and continue to be, difficult to assess or predict, the spread of COVID-19 has caused a broad impact globally. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our business continues to be highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. Unfavorable global economic and political conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. The results of our operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy, the global financial markets and the global political conditions. The United States and global economies are facing growing inflation, higher interest rates and potential recession. Furthermore, a severe or prolonged economic downturn, including a recession or depression or political disruption such as the war between Ukraine and Russia could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our programs and development candidates, if approved, relationships with any vendors or business partners located in affected geographies and our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy or political disruption, including any international trade disputes, could also strain our manufacturers or suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption, or cause our customers to delay making payments for our potential products. Any of the foregoing could seriously harm our business, and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the political or economic climate and financial market conditions could seriously harm our business. In addition, actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. Furthermore, concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our and our vendors , collaborators and other business relations ability to meet operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill other obligations, potentially resulting in breaches of financial and/or contractual obligations and/or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts could have material adverse impacts on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. The impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on the global economy, energy supplies and raw materials is uncertain, but may prove to negatively impact our business and operations. The short and long-term implications of Russia s invasion of Ukraine are difficult to predict at this time. We continue to monitor any adverse impact that the outbreak of war in Ukraine and the subsequent institution of sanctions against Russia by the United States and several European and Asian countries may have on the global economy in general, on our business and operations and on the businesses and operations of our suppliers and customers. For example, a prolonged conflict may result in challenges associated with timely receipt of customer payments and banking 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 transactions, supply-chain issues, increased inflation, escalating energy prices and constrained availability, and thus increasing costs, of raw materials. We will continue to monitor this fluid situation and develop contingency plans as necessary to address any disruptions to our business operations as they develop. To the extent the war in Ukraine may adversely affect our business as discussed herein, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein. Such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, including inflation; disruptions to our global technology infrastructure, including through cyber-attack, ransom attack, or cyber-intrusion; adverse changes in international trade policies and relations; our ability to maintain or increase our product prices; disruptions in global supply chains; our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; and constraints, volatility, or disruption in the capital markets, any of which could negatively affect our business and financial condition. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property If we are unable to obtain or protect intellectual property rights related to our technology, programs and development candidates, or if our intellectual property rights are inadequate, we may not be able to compete effectively. Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain protection for our owned and in-licensed intellectual property rights and proprietary technology. We rely on patents and other forms of intellectual property rights, including in-licenses of intellectual property rights and biologic materials of others, to protect our discovery engine, pipeline, manufacturing methods, and methods for treating patients. We in-license exclusive rights, including patents and patent applications, relating to the Immunome discovery engine Patent applications for this in-licensed technology are still pending before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and other national patent offices. There is no guarantee that such patent applications will be issued as patents, nor any guarantee that issued patents will provide adequate protection for the in-licensed technology or any meaningful competitive advantage. We also own 13 national phase patent applications, including in the United States, on our own technology relating to the Immunome discovery engine. There is no guarantee that any patent covering this technology will issue from the patent application we own, or, if it does, that the issued claims will provide adequate protection for the Immunome discovery engine or any meaningful competitive advantage. In addition, under our collaboration agreements, we may be required to disclose and assign certain inventions that we conceive or reduce to practice in performing the agreement. If we fail to strictly follow these requirements, or if there is a dispute with regard to ownership of inventions under any collaboration agreement, the Company could be subject to adverse consequences, such as termination or reductions in economics to the Company. We currently own 68 and in-license 14 pending national phase non-provisional patent applications in connection with our pipeline. We have filed seven provisional patent applications in the United States and three Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, patent applications in connection with antibodies identified by the Immunome discovery engine, related antibody variants, and their methods of use. Subject matter disclosed in a United States provisional patent application is not eligible to be issued in a patent until, among other things, we file a corresponding non-provisional patent application within 12 months of the filing date of the provisional patent application. If we do not timely file non-provisional patent applications, we may lose our priority dates with respect to our provisional patent applications and any patent protection on the inventions disclosed in our provisional patent applications. A PCT patent application is an international patent application and a type of non-provisional patent application but one that does not directly mature into a granted patent. A PCT patent application must enter the national phase, be filed in the patent office of a PCT member country or region where it is examined and from which a country patent may or may not be granted. If a PCT national phase application is not filed in a PCT member country or region, no patent will result in that country or region from that particular PCT patent application. We expect to file PCT national phase applications in commercially appropriate countries or regions based upon factors such as the invention that is the subject of the application, likely patentability, country laws regarding patent eligibility and business opportunity but do not expect to file PCT national phase applications in all PCT member countries or regions and may forgo national phase filing for a given PCT patent application. Moreover, there is no guarantee that any current or future patent applications will result in the issuance of patents that will effectively protect 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 the Immunome discovery engine or our programs or development candidates or will effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive products. The patent prosecution process is expensive, complex and time-consuming. Patent license negotiations also can be complex and protracted, with uncertain results. We may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all necessary or desirable patents and patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. The patent applications that we own, or in-license may fail to result in issued patents, and, even if they do issue as patents, such patents may not cover our current or future technologies, programs or development candidates in the United States or in other countries or provide sufficient protection from competitors. In addition, because the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, any patent that issues may not provide sufficient scope to exclude competitors, which may materially harm our business. We may be unaware of prior art that could be used to invalidate an issued patent or to prevent our owned or in-licensed pending patent applications from being issued as patents. While we strive to ensure patentability, there is no guarantee that all relevant prior art relating to our owned or in-licensed patents and patent applications has been found. For example, publications of discoveries in scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, and in some cases not at all. We also cannot know with certainty whether we or our licensors were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or in-licensed patents or pending applications, or that we or our licensors were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. Prior art may be used to invalidate our patents or narrow their scope of protection. Any such invalidation or narrowing of our patent rights, including in-licensed patent rights, could materially harm our business. The patent positions of biopharmaceutical companies are generally uncertain because they may involve complex legal and factual considerations that have, in recent years, been the subject of legal development and change. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our pending patent rights are uncertain. The standards applied by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, and foreign patent offices in granting patents are not always certain and moreover, are not always applied uniformly or predictably. For example, there is no uniform worldwide policy regarding patentable subject matter or the scope of claims allowable in patents. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our owned or in-licensed patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. Even if patents do successfully issue and even if such patents cover our current or any future technologies, programs or development candidates, third parties may challenge their validity, enforceability or scope, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable. Any successful challenge to these patents or any other patents owned by or licensed to us could deprive us of rights necessary for the successful development and commercialization of any current or future technologies, programs or development candidates that we may develop. Likewise, if patent applications we own or have in-licensed fail to issue, if their breadth or strength is threatened, or if they fail to provide meaningful exclusivity, other companies could be dissuaded from collaborating with us. Lack of valid and enforceable patent protection could threaten our ability to commercialize current or future products and could prevent us from maintaining exclusivity with respect to the invention or feature claimed in the patent applications. Any failure to obtain or any loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business and ability to achieve profitability. We may be unable to prevent competitors from entering the market with a product that is similar to or the same as our programs or development candidates. The filing of a patent application or the issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its ownership, inventorship, scope, patentability, validity or enforceability. Issued patents and patent applications may be challenged in the courts and in the patent office in the United States and abroad. For example, our applications or applications filed by our licensors may be challenged through third-party submissions, opposition or derivation proceedings. By further example, our issued patents or the issued patents we in-license may be challenged through reexamination, inter partes review or post-grant review proceedings before the patent office, or in declaratory judgment actions or counterclaims. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could prevent the issuance of, reduce the scope of, invalidate or render unenforceable our owned or in-licensed patent rights; limit our ability to stop others from using or 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 commercializing similar or identical platforms and products; allow third parties to compete directly with us without payment to us; or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our owned or in-licensed patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize programs or development candidates. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, some of our owned and in-licensed patents and patent applications are or may in the future be co-owned with third parties. If we are unable to obtain an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owners interest in such patents or patent application, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. We may need the cooperation of any such co-owners of our patents to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business prospects and financial conditions. Our in-licensed patent rights from academic institutions are subject to a standard research purpose reservation of rights by one or more third parties. In addition, the academic institutions may co-own rights with a governmental entity. As a result, the U.S. government may have certain rights, including so-called march-in rights, to such patent rights and any products or technology developed from such patent rights. When new technologies are developed with U.S. government funding, the U.S. government generally obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a nonexclusive license authorizing the U.S. government to use the invention for non-commercial purposes. These rights may permit the U.S. government to disclose our confidential information to third parties and to exercise march-in rights to use or to allow third parties to use our licensed technology. The U.S. government can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve the practical application of government-funded technology, because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations, or to give preference to U.S. industry. In addition, our rights in any such inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture products embodying such inventions in the United States. Any exercise by the U.S. government of such rights could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If we fail to comply with our obligations under any license, collaboration or other intellectual property-related agreements, we may be required to pay damages and could lose intellectual property rights that may be necessary for developing, commercializing and protecting our current or future technologies or we could lose certain rights to grant sublicenses. We are reliant upon in-licenses to certain patent rights and proprietary technology from third parties that are important or necessary to the Immunome discovery engine and advancement of our programs and development candidates. Our current license agreements impose, and any future license agreements we enter into are likely to impose, various development, commercialization, funding, milestone, royalty, diligence, sublicensing, insurance, patent prosecution and enforcement or other obligations on us. If we breach any of these obligations, or use the intellectual property licensed to us in an unauthorized manner, we may be required to pay damages and the licensor may have the right to terminate the license. License termination could result in a material adverse effect on our inability to develop, manufacture and sell products that are covered by the licensed technology or could enable a competitor to gain access to the licensed technology. In certain circumstances, our licensed patent rights are subject to our reimbursing our licensors for their patent prosecution and maintenance costs. For example, our license agreements with Whitehead and TJU each require us to bear the costs of filing and maintaining patent applications, and our agreement with Arrayjet requires us to reimburse Arrayjet for applicable patent costs. Furthermore, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing, prosecution, maintenance, enforcement and defense of patents and patent applications that we license from third parties. For example, pursuant to our license agreements with Whitehead and TJU, while we may comment on patent applications and may lead enforcement of the patents and patent applications, the licensing institution is responsible for the preparation, filing, prosecution and 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 maintenance and defense of the patents and patent applications; Arrayjet also retains prosecution and enforcement rights of the patents we license from Arrayjet. Therefore, we cannot be certain that these patents and patent applications will be prepared, filed, prosecuted, maintained, and defended in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. If our licensors and future licensors fail to prosecute, maintain, enforce and defend patents we may license, or lose rights to licensed patents or patent applications, our license rights may be reduced or eliminated. In such circumstances, our right to develop and commercialize any of our programs or development candidates that is the subject of such licensed rights could be materially adversely affected. Moreover, our licensors may own or control intellectual property that has not been licensed to us and, as a result, we may be subject to claims, regardless of their merit, that we are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the licensor s intellectual property rights. In addition, while we cannot currently determine the amount of the royalty obligations we would be required to pay on sales of future products if infringement or misappropriation were found, those amounts could be significant. The amount of our future royalty obligations will depend on the technology and intellectual property we use in products that we successfully develop and commercialize, if any. Therefore, even if we successfully develop and commercialize products, we may be unable to achieve or maintain profitability. In addition, the agreements under which we currently license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to disagreement regarding interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse impact on our business and ability to achieve profitability. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize any affected programs or development candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial conditions. Patent terms may not be able to protect our competitive position for an adequate period of time with respect to our current or future technologies, programs or development candidates. Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, the standard patent term is typically 20 years after filing. Various extensions may be available. Even so, the life of a patent and the protection it affords are limited. As a result, our owned and in-licensed patent portfolio provides us with limited rights that may not last for a sufficient period of time to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. For example, given the large amount of time required for the research, development, testing and regulatory review of new programs and development candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. Extensions of patent term are available, but there is no guarantee that we would succeed in obtaining any particular extension and no guarantee any such extension would confer patent term for a sufficient period of time to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. In the United States, the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the normal expiration of the patent, which is limited to the approved indication (or any additional indications approved during the period of extension). A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond 14 years from the date of product approval; only one patent may be extended; and extension is available for only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it. The applicable authorities, including the FDA and the USPTO in the United States, and any equivalent regulatory authority in other countries, may not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and may refuse to grant extensions to our patents, or may grant more limited extensions than we request. An extension may not be granted or may be limited where there is, for example, a failure to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failure to apply within applicable deadlines, failure to apply before expiration of relevant patents, or some other failure to satisfy applicable requirements. If this occurs, our competitors may be able to launch their products earlier by taking advantage of our investment in development and clinical trials along with our clinical and preclinical data. This could have a material adverse effect on our business and ability to achieve profitability. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in U.S. patent law or the patent law of other countries or jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our current or any future technologies, programs or development candidates. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States or elsewhere could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. The United States has enacted and implemented wide-ranging patent reform legislation. On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, was signed into law, which could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our owned or in-licensed patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our owned or in-licensed issued patents. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art, may affect patent litigation and switch the U.S. patent system from a first-to-invent system to a first-to-file system. Under a first-to-file system, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether another inventor had made the invention earlier. These provisions also allow third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and set forth additional procedures to challenge the validity of a patent by the USPTO administered post grant proceedings, including derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review and interference proceedings. The USPTO developed additional regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, and, in particular, the first-to-file provisions, became effective on March 16, 2013. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. The Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our owned or in-licensed patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued owned or in-licensed patents, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business prospects and financial condition. As referenced above, for example, courts in the United States continue to refine the heavily fact-and-circumstance-dependent jurisprudence defining the scope of patent protection available for therapeutic antibodies, narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. This creates uncertainty about our ability to obtain patents in the future and the value of such patents. We cannot provide assurance that future developments in U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO will not adversely impact our owned or in-licensed patents or patent applications. The laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could weaken or prevent our and our licensors ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing owned or in-licensed patents and patents that we might obtain or in-license in the future. Similarly, changes in patent law and regulations in other countries or jurisdictions or changes in the governmental bodies that enforce them or changes in how the relevant governmental authority enforces patent laws or regulations may have a material adverse effect on our and our licensors ability to obtain new patents or to protect and enforce our owned or in-licensed patents or patents that we may obtain or in-license in the future. Other companies or organizations may challenge our or our licensors patent rights or may assert patent rights that prevent us from our development and commercialization efforts. As the field of antibody-based therapeutics continues to mature, patent applications are being processed by national patent offices around the world. There is uncertainty about which patents will issue, and, if they do, when, to whom, and with what claims. In addition, third parties may attempt to invalidate our or our licensors intellectual property rights. Even if such rights are not directly challenged, disputes could lead to the weakening of our or our licensors intellectual property rights. Our defense against any attempt by third parties to circumvent or invalidate our intellectual property rights could be costly to us, could require significant time and attention of our management, and could have a material and adverse impact on our profitability, financial condition and prospects or ability to successfully compete. Further, we cannot guarantee that we are aware of all patents and patent applications potentially relevant to our technology or products. We may not be aware of potentially relevant third-party patents or applications for several reasons. For example, U.S. applications filed before November 29, 2000, and certain U.S. applications filed after that date that will not be filed outside the U.S. remain confidential until patents issue. Patent applications in the United States and elsewhere are published approximately 18 months after the earliest filing for which priority is claimed, with such 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 earliest filing date being commonly referred to as the priority date. Therefore, patent applications covering our programs, development candidates or platform technologies could have been filed by others without our knowledge. Additionally, pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our platform, our programs or development candidates, or the use of our technologies. Thus, it is possible that one or more third parties will hold patent rights to which we will need a license, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. If such third parties refuse to grant us a license to such patent rights on reasonable terms or at all, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to redesign our technology, programs, development candidates or the methods for manufacturing them, or to develop or license replacement technology, all of which may not be commercially or technically feasible. In such case, we may not be able to market such technology programs or development candidates and may not be able to perform research and development or other activities covered by these patents. This could have a material adverse effect on our ability to commercialize and our business and financial condition. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world, which could negatively impact our business. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on current or future technologies, programs or development candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive. Competitors or other third parties may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export infringing products to territories where we have patent protection or licenses, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. Additionally, the laws of some foreign jurisdictions do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws in the United States. Many companies have encountered significant difficulties in protecting and defending such rights in such jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, including certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our owned and in-licensed patents or the marketing of competing products in violation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our owned or in-licensed intellectual property and proprietary rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and could divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Such proceedings could also put our owned or in-licensed patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, could put our owned or in-licensed patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us or our licensors. We or our licensors may not prevail in any lawsuits or other adversarial proceedings that we or our licensors initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our and our licensors efforts to enforce such intellectual property and proprietary rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or in-license. Further, many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of its patents. If we or any of our licensors are forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position in the relevant jurisdiction may be impaired and our business prospects may be materially adversely affected. Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing, misappropriating or violating their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse impact on the success of our business. Our commercial success depends, in part, upon our ability or the ability of our potential future collaborators to develop, manufacture, market and sell any programs or development candidates and to use our and their proprietary technologies without infringing, misappropriating or violating the proprietary and intellectual property rights of third 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 parties. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by extensive and complex litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. We or our licensors, or any future strategic partners, may be party to, or be threatened with, adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property rights. In some instances, we may be required to indemnify our licensors for the costs associated with any such adversarial proceedings or litigation. Third parties may assert infringement claims in litigation or other adversarial proceedings against us, our licensors or our strategic partners based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future, regardless of their merit. A court of competent jurisdiction could hold that these third-party patents are valid, enforceable and infringed, which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to utilize the Immunome discovery engine or to commercialize any programs or development candidates. Further, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully settle or otherwise resolve such adversarial proceedings or litigation. If we are unable to successfully settle future claims on terms acceptable to us, we may be required to engage in or to continue costly, unpredictable and time-consuming litigation and may be prevented from or experience substantial delays in our marketing efforts. If we, or our licensors, or any future strategic partners are found to infringe, misappropriate or violate a third-party patent or other intellectual property rights, we could be required to pay damages, including treble damages and attorney s fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed. In addition, we, or our licensors, or any future strategic partners may choose to seek, or be required to seek, a license from a third party, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Even if a license can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms, the rights may be non-exclusive, which could give our competitors access to the same technology or intellectual property rights licensed to us, and we could be required to make substantial licensing and royalty payments. We also could be forced, including by court order, to cease utilizing, developing, manufacturing and commercializing the Immunome discovery engine or programs or development candidates deemed to be infringing. We may be forced to redesign current or future technologies or products. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue or achieve profitability and possibly prevent us from generating revenue sufficient to sustain our operations. In addition, we or our licensors may find it necessary to pursue claims or to initiate lawsuits to protect or enforce our owned or in-licensed patent or other intellectual property rights. The cost to us in defending or initiating any litigation or other proceeding relating to our owned or in-licensed patent or other intellectual property rights, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial, and any litigation or other proceeding could divert our management s attention. Such litigation or proceedings could materially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. Some of our competitors may be able to more effectively sustain the costs of complex patent litigation because they may have substantially greater resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could delay our research and development efforts and materially limit our ability to continue our operations. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with certain such proceedings, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, such announcements could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. If we or our licensors were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our programs or development candidates or our technology, the defendant could counterclaim that such patent is invalid or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, for example, claiming patent-ineligible subject matter, lack of novelty, indefiniteness, lack of written description, non-enablement, anticipation or obviousness. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO or made a misleading statement during prosecution. The outcome of such invalidity and unenforceability claims is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art of which we or our licensors and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we could lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection for one or more of our programs or development candidates or certain aspects of our platform technology. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Patents and other intellectual property rights also will not protect our programs, development candidates and 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 technologies if competitors or third parties design around them without legally infringing, misappropriating or violating our owned or in-licensed patents or other intellectual property rights. Intellectual property rights of third parties could adversely affect our ability to commercialize our technologies, programs or development candidates, and we might be required to litigate or obtain licenses from third parties to engage in development or marketing efforts, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Because the antibody therapeutics landscape is still evolving, it is difficult to conclusively assess our freedom to operate without infringing, misappropriating or violating third-party rights. There are numerous companies that have pending patent applications and issued patents broadly covering antibodies generally or covering antibodies directed against the same targets as, or targets similar to, those we are pursuing. Our competitive position may materially suffer if patents issued to third parties or other third-party intellectual property rights cover our technologies programs and development candidates or elements thereof or our manufacture or uses relevant to our development plans. In such cases, we may not be in a position to develop or commercialize current or future technologies, programs and development candidates unless we successfully pursue litigation to nullify or invalidate the third-party intellectual property right concerned or enter into a license agreement with the intellectual property right holder, if available on commercially reasonable terms. There may be issued patents of which we are not aware, held by third parties that, if found to be valid and enforceable, could be alleged to be infringed by our current or future technologies or programs and development candidates. There also may be pending patent applications of which we are not aware that may result in issued patents, which could be alleged to be infringed by our current or future technologies or programs and development candidates. Additionally, claims in pending patent applications, subject to certain limitations, can be amended in a manner that could cover the Immunome discovery engine, our programs and development candidates, or the use of our technologies. If a third-party infringement claim should successfully be brought, we may be required to pay substantial damages or be forced to abandon our current or future technologies or programs and development candidates or to seek a license from any patent holders. No assurances can be given that a license will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Third party intellectual property right holders may also actively bring infringement, misappropriation or violation or other claims alleging violations of intellectual property rights against us. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully settle or otherwise resolve such claims. If we are unable to successfully settle future claims on terms acceptable to us, we may be required to engage in or to continue costly, unpredictable and time-consuming litigation and may be prevented from or experience substantial delays in marketing our programs and development candidates. If we fail in any such dispute, in addition to being forced to pay damages, we may be temporarily or permanently prohibited from commercializing any of our current or future technologies or programs and development candidates that are held to be infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating third-party intellectual property rights. We might, if possible, also be forced to redesign current or future technologies or programs and development candidates so that we no longer infringe, misappropriate or violate the third-party intellectual property rights. Any of these events, even if we were ultimately to prevail, could require us to divert substantial financial and management resources that we would otherwise be able to devote to our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. We consider trade secrets, including confidential and unpatented know-how, important to the maintenance of our competitive position. However, trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We protect and plan to protect trade secrets and confidential and unpatented know-how, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to such knowledge, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants under which they are obligated to maintain confidentiality and to assign their inventions to us. Despite these efforts, we may not obtain these agreements in all circumstances. Moreover, individuals with whom we have such agreements may breach such agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for any such breaches. We may also become involved in inventorship disputes relating to inventions 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 and patents developed by our employees or consultants under such agreements. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret or securing title to an employee- or consultant-developed invention if a dispute arises, is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions disfavor or are unwilling to protect trade secrets. Further, if any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent that competitor from using the technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position would be materially and adversely harmed. We may be subject to claims that we or our employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets or other proprietary information of our employees or consultants former employers or their clients. Many of our employees or consultants and our licensors employees or consultants were previously employed at universities or biotechnology or biopharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We may be subject to claims that one or more of these employees or consultants or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of former employers. Litigation or arbitration may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel or may be enjoined from using such intellectual property. Any such proceedings and possible aftermath would likely divert significant resources from our core business, including distracting our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. A loss of key research personnel or their work product could limit our ability to commercialize, or prevent us from commercializing, our current or future technologies or programs and development candidates, which could materially harm our business. Even if we are successful in defending against any such claims, litigation or arbitration could result in substantial costs and could be a distraction to management. Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by government patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other government fees on patents or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various government patent agencies outside of the United States over the lifetime of our owned and in-licensed patents or applications and any patent rights we may own or in-license in the future. The USPTO and various non-U.S. government patent agencies require compliance with several procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply with these requirements, and we are also dependent on our licensors to take the necessary action to comply with these requirements with respect to our in-licensed intellectual property. In many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. There are situations, however, in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the market with similar or identical products or platforms, which could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects and financial condition. If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. Our trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names or may be forced to stop using these names, which we use for name recognition by potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively, and our business may be materially adversely affected. Additionally, while we own trademark registrations for the IMMUNOME mark, if such mark were challenged and found to be generic or merely descriptive, we could lose the ability to enforce our name against other parties, including competitors. Furthermore, if a party challenges our trademark rights in the IMMUNOME mark, we would need to expend resources defending our rights. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our business. The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business. The following examples are illustrative: others may be able to make compounds or formulations that are similar to our programs and development candidates, but that are not covered by the claims of any patents that we own, license or control; we or any strategic partners might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patents or pending patent applications that we own, license or control; we or our licensors might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our owned and in-licensed inventions; others may independently develop the same, similar, or alternative technologies without infringing, misappropriating or violating our owned or in-licensed intellectual property rights; it is possible that our owned or in-licensed pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; issued patents that we own, in-license, or control may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be narrowed or held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges; our competitors might conduct research and development activities in the United States and other countries that provide a safe harbor from patent infringement claims for certain research and development activities, as well as in countries where we do not have patent rights, and may then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; we may choose not to file a patent in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent covering such trade secrets or know-how; and the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Should any of these events occur, they could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. Risks Related to Government Regulation Failure to comply with health and data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. We and our current and potential collaborators may be subject to federal, state and foreign data protection laws and regulations i.e. , laws and regulations that address privacy and data security). In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including federal health information privacy laws e.g. , the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH), state data breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws and federal and state consumer protection laws e.g. , Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), that govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information could apply to our operations or the operations of our collaborators. In addition, we may obtain health information from third parties (including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data) that are subject to privacy and security requirements under HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, or other privacy and data security laws. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to criminal penalties if we knowingly obtain, use, or disclose protected health information maintained by a HIPAA-covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA. However, determining whether protected health 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 information has been handled in compliance with applicable privacy standards and our contractual obligations can be complex and may be subject to changing interpretation. If we are unable to properly protect the privacy and security of protected health information or other personal, sensitive, or confidential information in our possession, we could be found to have breached our contracts. Further, if we fail to comply with applicable privacy laws, including applicable HIPAA privacy and security standards, we could face significant administrative, civil and criminal penalties. Enforcement activity can also result in financial liability and reputational harm, and responses to such enforcement activity can consume significant internal and outside resources. Furthermore, state attorneys general are authorized to bring civil actions seeking either injunctions or damages in response to violations that threaten the privacy of state residents. In addition to the risks associated with enforcement activities and potential contractual liabilities, our ongoing efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations at the federal and state level may be costly and require ongoing modifications to our policies, procedures and systems. Many state laws govern the privacy and security of personal information and data in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways, are often not pre-empted by HIPAA, and may have a more prohibitive effect than HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. For example, in 2018, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, which creates new individual privacy rights for California consumers (as defined in the law) and places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling personal data of consumers or households. The CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosure to consumers about such companies data collection, use and sharing practices, provide such consumers new ways to opt-out of certain sales or transfers of personal information, and provide consumers with additional causes of action. While there is currently an exception for protected health information that is subject to HIPAA and clinical trial regulations, as currently written, the CCPA may impact our business activities. In addition, the California Consumer Rights Act, or CPRA, was recently enacted to strengthen elements of the CCPA and became effective on January 1, 2023. A number of other states have considered similar privacy proposals, with states like Virginia and Colorado enacting their own privacy laws. The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act became effective on January 1, 2023, and the Colorado Privacy Act is scheduled to come into effect on July 1, 2023. These privacy laws may impact our business activities and exemplify the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data. In the EU, we may be subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which went into effect in May 2018, and which imposes obligations on companies that operate in our industry with respect to the processing of personal data and the cross-border transfer of such data. The GDPR applies to any company established in the European Economic Area, or EEA, (which includes the EU Member States plus Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway) and to companies established outside the EEA that process personal data in connection with the offering of goods or services to data subjects in the EEA or the monitoring of the behavior of data subjects in the EEA. The GDPR establishes stringent requirements applicable to the processing of personal data, including strict requirements relating to the validity of consent of data subjects, expanded disclosures about how personal data is used, requirements to conduct data protection impact assessments for high risk processing, limitations on retention of personal data, special provisions affording greater protection to and requiring additional compliance measures for special categories of personal data including health and genetic information of data subjects, mandatory data breach notification (in certain circumstances), privacy by design requirements, and direct obligations on service providers acting as processors. The GDPR also prohibits the international transfer of personal data from the EEA to countries outside of the EEA unless made to a country deemed to have adequate data privacy laws by the European Commission or a data transfer mechanism has been put in place. If our or our partners or service providers privacy or data security measures fail to comply with the GDPR requirements, we may be subject to litigation, regulatory investigations, enforcement notices requiring us to change the way we use personal data and/or fines of up to 20 million Euros or up to 4 of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, as well as compensation claims by affected individuals, negative publicity, reputational harm and a potential loss of business and goodwill. The GDPR may also impose additional compliance obligations relating to the transfer of data between us and our subsidiaries or other business partners. For example, on July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU), issued a landmark opinion in the case Maximilian Schrems vs. Facebook (Case C-311/18), called Schrems II. This decision (a) calls into question commonly relied upon data transfer mechanisms as between the EU Member States and the United States (such as the Standard Contractual Clauses) and (b) invalidates the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield on 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 which many companies had relied as an acceptable mechanism for transferring such data from the EU to the United States. The CJEU is the highest court in Europe and the Schrems II decision heightens the burden on data importers to assess U.S. national security laws on their business and future actions of EU data protection authorities are difficult to predict. Some customers or other service providers may respond to these evolving laws and regulations by asking us to make certain privacy or data-related contractual commitments that we are unable or unwilling to make. This could lead to the loss of current or prospective customers or other business relationships. Relatedly, following the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the EU (i.e., Brexit), and the expiry of the Brexit transition period, which ended on December 31, 2020, the EU GDPR has been implemented in the United Kingdom (as the UK GDPR). The UK GDPR sits alongside the UK Data Protection Act 2018 which implements certain derogations in the EU GDPR into UK law. Under the UK GDPR, companies not established in the UK but who process personal data in relation to the offering of goods or services to individuals in the UK, or to monitor their behavior will be subject to the UK GDPR the requirements of which are (at this time) largely aligned with those under the EU GDPR and as such, may lead to similar compliance and operational costs with potential fines of up to 17.5 million or 4 of global turnover. Compliance with U.S. and international data protection laws and regulations could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our ability to collect, use and disclose data, or in some cases, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. We must continue to monitor and devote significant resources to understanding and complying with this changing landscape. Failure to comply with U.S. and international data protection laws and regulations could result in government enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. Moreover, clinical trial subjects about whom we or our potential collaborators obtain information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, may contractually limit our ability to use and disclose the information. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights, failed to comply with data protection laws, or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. Health care legislative reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain health care costs. See our discussion of those initiatives under Health Care Reform section in the Government Regulation. Those new laws and initiatives may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other health care funding, which could have a material adverse effect on our future customers and accordingly, our financial operations. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we otherwise may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. We expect that additional state and federal health care reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for health care products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our programs and development candidates or additional pricing pressures. If we or potential future partners, manufacturers or service providers fail to comply with health care laws and regulations, we or they could be subject to enforcement actions, which could affect our ability to develop, market and sell our products and may harm our reputation. Health care providers, physicians and third-party payors, among others, will play a primary role in the prescription and recommendation of any programs or development candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our current and future arrangements with third-party payors, providers and customers, among others, may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other health care laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute our programs and development candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. These laws and regulations, include: the federal Anti-Kickback Statute; federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalties laws, including the federal False Claims Act; HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, including the Final Omnibus Rule; the federal transparency requirements known as the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created as part of the ACA; and analogous local, state and foreign laws and regulations. 
 See our discussion of these laws under Other U.S. Health Care Laws and Compliance Requirements in the Government Regulation section. Ensuring that our future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable health care laws and regulations could involve substantial costs. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance or reporting requirements increases the possibility that a health care company may run afoul of one or more of the requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any such requirements, we may be subject to penalties, including criminal and significant civil monetary penalties, damages, fines, individual imprisonment, disgorgement, contractual damages, reputational harm, exclusion from participation in government health care programs, integrity obligations, injunctions, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of pre-marketing product approvals, private qui tam actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government, refusal to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts, additional reporting requirements and oversight if subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. We intend to develop and implement a comprehensive corporate compliance program prior to the commercialization of our programs and development candidates. Although effective compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, these risks cannot be entirely eliminated. Any action against us for an alleged or suspected violation could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and could divert our management s attention from the operation of our business, even if our defense is successful. In addition, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be costly to us in terms of money, time and resources. Moreover, federal, state or foreign laws or regulations are subject to change, and while we, our collaborators, manufacturers and/or service providers currently may be compliant, that could change due to changes in interpretation, prevailing industry standards or other reasons. Any programs or development candidates for which we intend to seek approval as biologic products may face competition sooner than anticipated. Even if we are successful in achieving regulatory approval to commercialize a program or development candidate ahead of our competitors, our programs and development candidates may face competition from biosimilar products. In the United States, our antibody-based programs and development candidates are expected to be regulated by the FDA as biological products, and we intend to seek approval for these programs and development candidates pursuant to the BLA pathway. The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, created an abbreviated pathway for FDA approval of biosimilar and interchangeable biological products based on a previously licensed reference product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar biological product cannot be approved by the FDA until 12 years after the original reference biological product was approved under a BLA. The law is complex and is still being interpreted 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 and implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation, and meaning are subject to uncertainty. While it is uncertain when such processes intended to implement BPCIA may be fully adopted by the FDA, any such processes could have a material adverse effect on the future commercial prospects for our programs and development candidates. We believe that any of our programs and development candidates approved as a biological product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity available to reference biological products. However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider our programs and development candidates to be reference biological products pursuant to its interpretation of the exclusivity provisions of the BPCIA for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for generic follow-on biosimilar competition sooner than anticipated. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar product, once approved, will be substituted for any one of our reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing including whether a future competitor seeks an interchangeability designation for a biosimilar of one of our products. Under the BPCIA as well as state pharmacy laws, only interchangeable biosimilar products are considered substitutable for the reference biological product without the intervention of the health care provider who prescribed the original biological product. However, as with all prescribing decisions made in the context of a patient-provider relationship and a patient s specific medical needs, health care providers are not restricted from prescribing biosimilar products in an off-label manner. In addition, a competitor could decide to forego the abbreviated approval pathway available for biosimilar products and to submit a full BLA for product licensure after completing its own preclinical studies and clinical trials. In such a situation, any exclusivity for which our products candidates may be eligible under the BPCIA would not prevent the competitor from marketing its biological product as soon as it is approved. In Europe, the European Commission has granted marketing authorizations for several biosimilar products pursuant to a set of general and product class-specific guidelines for biosimilar approvals issued over the past few years. In addition, companies may be developing biosimilar products in other countries that could compete with our products, if approved. If competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for biosimilars referencing our programs and development candidates, if approved, our future products may become subject to competition from such biosimilars, whether or not they are designated as interchangeable, with the attendant competitive pressure and potential adverse consequences. Such competitive products may be able to immediately compete with us in each indication for which our programs and development candidates may have received approval. Disruptions at the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new or modified products from being developed, approved or commercialized in a timely manner or at all, or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes, and other events that may otherwise affect the FDA s ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, in recent years, including beginning on December 22, 2018, , the U.S. government shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, had to furlough critical employees and stop critical activities. Additionally, the FDA and regulatory authorities outside the United States imposed and may continue to impose various restrictions or other policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Although the FDA lifted restrictions relating to COVID- 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 19 and affecting its inspection and other compliance operations in July 2022, the agency currently faces a significant backlog on compliance monitoring and enforcement activities for both domestic and foreign manufacturers, which may affect the scheduling of necessary pre-approval inspections of manufacturing facilities for drug and biological programs and development candidates. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, in our operations as a public company, future government shutdowns or delays could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. Even if we receive regulatory approval of our programs and development candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements. If our programs and development candidates are approved, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post- marketing studies, and submission of safety, efficacy, and other post-market information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Manufacturers and manufacturers facilities must comply with extensive FDA, and comparable foreign regulatory authority, requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any BLA, other marketing applications, and previous responses to inspection observations. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money, and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production, and quality control. Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our programs and development candidates may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the program and development candidate. The FDA may also require a REMS program as a condition of approval of our programs and development candidates, which could entail requirements for long-term patient follow-up, a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves our programs and development candidates, we will have to comply with requirements including submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMP and GCP for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising, and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. Failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; fines, warning letters or other enforcement-related letters or clinical holds on post-approval clinical trials; refusal of the FDA to approve pending BLAs or supplements to approved BLAs, or suspension or revocation of product approvals; product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties; and consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment, or exclusion from federal health care programs; or mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information. The policies of the FDA and of other regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our programs and development candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. Even if we are able to commercialize any program or development candidate, the program and development candidate may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, which would harm our business. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for, or accurately estimate the potential revenue from, our programs and development candidates or assure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product that we may develop. The regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new drug and biological products vary widely from country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug or biologic before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or product approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. We are monitoring these regulations as several of our programs move into later stages of development; however, many of our programs are currently in the earlier stages of development and we will not be able to assess the impact of price regulations for a number of years. As a result, we might obtain regulatory approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that could delay our commercial launch of the product and negatively impact any potential revenues we may be able to generate from the sale of the product in that country and potentially in other countries due to reference pricing. Our ability to commercialize any products successfully will also depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement/payment for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private payors and other organizations. Even if we succeed in bringing one or more products to the market, these products may not be considered medically necessary and/or cost-effective, and the amount reimbursed for any products may be insufficient to allow us to sell our products on a competitive basis. At this time, we are unable to determine their cost effectiveness or the likely level or method of reimbursement for our programs and development candidates. Increasingly, third-party payors, such as government and private insurance plans, are requiring that biopharmaceutical companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are seeking to reduce the prices charged or the amounts paid for biopharmaceutical products. If the price we are able to charge for any products we develop, or the payments provided for such products, is inadequate in light of our development and other costs, our return on investment could be adversely affected. We currently expect that any drugs we develop may need to be administered under the supervision of a physician on an outpatient basis. Under currently applicable U.S. law, certain therapeutic products that are not usually self-administered (such as most injectable drugs and biologics) may be eligible for coverage under the Medicare Part B program if: they are incident to a physician s services; they are reasonable and necessary for the diagnosis or treatment of the illness or injury for which they are administered according to accepted standards of medical practice; and they have been approved by the FDA and meet other requirements of the statute. There may be significant delays in obtaining coverage for newly-approved biologics, and coverage may be more limited than the indications for which the biologic is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Patients who are prescribed medications for the treatment of their conditions, and their prescribing physicians, generally rely on third-party payors to pay all or part of the costs associated with their prescription medications. Patients are 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 unlikely to use our products unless coverage is provided, and payment is adequate to cover all or a significant portion of the cost of our products. Therefore, coverage and adequate payment is critical to new product acceptance. Coverage decisions may depend upon clinical and economic standards that disfavor new products when more established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or subsequently become available. Moreover, eligibility for coverage does not imply that any of our products, if approved, will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim payments for new drugs or biologics, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement may be based on payments allowed for lower-cost products that are already reimbursed, may be incorporated into existing payments for other services and may reflect budgetary constraints or imperfections in Medicare data. Net prices for drugs or biologics may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government health care programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of medicines from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates. However, no uniform policy requirement for coverage and reimbursement for drug or biologic products exists among third-party payors in the United States. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug and biologic products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement rates from both government-funded and private payors for new products we develop and for which we obtain regulatory approval could adversely affect our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products, and our overall financial condition. We believe that the efforts of governments and third-party payors to contain or reduce the cost of health care and legislative and regulatory proposals to broaden the availability of health care will continue to affect the business and financial condition of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies. A number of legislative and regulatory changes in the health care system in the United States and other major health care markets have been proposed and/or adopted in recent years, and such efforts have expanded substantially in recent years. In particular, in March 2010, the ACA was signed into law. This legislation changed the system of health care insurance and benefits and was intended to broaden access to health care coverage, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add transparency requirements for the health care and health insurance industries, impose taxes and fees on the health care industry, impose health policy reforms, and control costs. This law also contains provisions that would affect companies in the pharmaceutical industry and other health care related industries by imposing additional costs and changes to business practices. Since its enactment, there have been judicial and congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. The uncertainty around the future of the ACA, and in particular the impact to reimbursement levels, may lead to uncertainty or delay in the purchasing decisions of our customers, which may in turn negatively impact on our product sales. We continue to evaluate the effect that the ACA has or any potential changes to the ACA could have on our business. Additional federal and state legislative and regulatory developments are likely, and we expect ongoing initiatives in the United States to increase pressure on drug and biologic pricing and reimbursement. Such reforms could have an adverse effect on anticipated revenues from programs and development candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we may obtain regulatory approval and may affect our overall financial condition and ability to develop programs and development candidates. We are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws with respect to our operations and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal or civil liability and harm our business. We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, and possibly other state and national anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, third-party intermediaries, joint venture partners and collaborators from authorizing, promising, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. We interact with officials and employees of government agencies and government-affiliated hospitals, universities and other organizations. In addition, we may engage third-party intermediaries to promote our clinical research activities abroad or to obtain necessary permits, licenses and other 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 regulatory approvals. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors, partners and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. We adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and implemented training programs, policies and procedures to ensure compliance with such code. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics mandates compliance with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws applicable to our business throughout the world. However, we cannot assure you that our employees and third-party intermediaries will comply with this code or such anti-corruption laws. Noncompliance with anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, other enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension or debarment from contracting with certain persons, the loss of export privileges, reputational harm, adverse media coverage and other collateral consequences. If any subpoenas, investigations or other enforcement actions are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially harmed. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense and compliance costs and other professional fees. In certain cases, enforcement authorities may even cause us to appoint an independent compliance monitor which can result in added costs and administrative burdens. Risks Related to Our Common Stock Our stock price may be volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. The trading price of our common stock has been volatile, and it may continue to be volatile, with the trading price seeing significant increases and decreases from time to time. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including the other risks described in this section, titled Risk Factors. In addition, the stock markets in general, and the markets for pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology stocks in particular, have experienced extreme volatility that has been often unrelated to the operating performance of the issuer, including recently in connection with the ongoing COVID19 pandemic, which has resulted in decreased or increased stock prices for many companies notwithstanding the lack of a fundamental change in their underlying business models or prospects. These broad market and industry factors and other adverse effects may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities. This type of litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which would harm our business, operating results, or financial condition. Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. Based on the beneficial ownership of our capital stock as of December 31, 2022, our executive officers and directors, together with holders of 5 or more of our capital stock and their respective affiliates, beneficially owned approximately 29.7 of our common stock on an as-converted basis. As a result, these stockholders, if acting together, have significant influence over the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and any other significant corporate transaction. The interests of these stockholders may not be the same as, and may even conflict with, your interests. For example, these stockholders could delay or prevent a change of control of our company, even if such a change of control would benefit our other stockholders, which could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company or our assets and might affect the prevailing market price of our common stock. The concentration of stock ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock due to investors perception that conflicts of interest may exist or arise. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by our existing stockholders in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. If our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market after the lock-up and other legal restrictions on resale discussed in this Annual Report lapse, the trading price of our common stock could decline. At December 31, 2022, we have outstanding a total of 12,128,843 shares of common stock, assuming no exercise of any warrants to purchase shares of common stock. However, warrant holders have started to exercise their warrants and we expect this to continue in the future. Of these shares, only the shares of common stock sold in the IPO have been freely tradable without restriction in the public market. In addition, shares of common stock that are either subject to outstanding options or reserved for future issuance under our 2008 Plan, 2018 Plan and 2020 Plan will become eligible for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the provisions of various vesting schedules, the lock-up agreements and Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. If these additional shares of common stock are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline. Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock, including pursuant to our 2020 Plan, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. We expect that significant additional capital may be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including further development of the Immunome discovery engine, preparing IND filings, conducting clinical trials, commercialization efforts, expanded research and development activities and costs associated with operating a public company. To raise capital, we may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. In this regard, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which was declared effective by the SEC on October 14, 2021, pursuant to which we may issue from time to time securities with an aggregate value of up to 200.0 million in one or more offerings at prices and terms to be determined at the time of sale, including one or more at the market offerings pursuant to the ATM Agreement (as defined below) with Jefferies Group LLC (which provides that, upon the terms and subject to certain conditions and limitations therein, we may elect, from time to time, to offer and sell common shares under the registration statement having an aggregate offering price of up to 75.0 million through Jefferies Group LLC). If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to the holders of our common stock. Pursuant to our 2020 Plan, our management is authorized to grant stock options to our employees, directors and consultants. Initially, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock that may be issued pursuant to stock awards under our 2020 Plan is 2,000,000 shares. Additionally, the number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under our 2020 Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of each year, beginning on January 1, 2021 and continuing through and including January 1, 2030, by 4 of the total number of shares of our capital stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, or a lesser number of shares determined by our board of directors. Unless our board of directors elects not to increase the number of shares available for future grant each year, our stockholders may experience additional dilution, which could cause our stock price to fall. We are an emerging growth company and our election of reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in this Annual Report and our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, as an 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 emerging growth company, we are only required to provide two years of audited financial statements and two years of selected financial data in this Annual Report. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years following the completion of our IPO, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which occurs when the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30, or if we have total annual gross revenue of 1.07 billion or more during any fiscal year before that time, in which cases we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31, or if we issue more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during any three-year period before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company immediately. Even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we could still qualify as a smaller reporting company, which would allow us to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in this Annual Report and our other periodic reports and proxy statements. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our share price may be more volatile. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of an exemption that allows us to delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. As a result, we will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that comply with the public company effective dates, including but not limited to the new lease accounting standard. We have also elected to take advantage of certain of the reduced disclosure obligations in this Annual Report and may elect to take advantage of other reduced reporting requirements in future filings. As a result of these elections, the information that we provide to our stockholders may be different than you might receive from other public reporting companies. However, if we later decide to opt out of the extended period for adopting new accounting standards, we would need to disclose such decision and it would be irrevocable. We have incurred and will continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. As a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of Nasdaq and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, which in turn could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors. However, these rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain tax credit carryforwards may be subject to limitation. We have incurred substantial losses since our inception. Unused U.S. federal net operating losses, or NOLs, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018, may be carried forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused NOLs expire. Under legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or the Tax Act, as modified by legislation enacted on March 27, 2020, entitled the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or the CARES Act, U.S. federal NOLs incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, can be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such U.S. federal NOLs in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, is 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 limited to 80 of taxable income. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the Tax Act or the CARES Act. Our NOL carryforwards and R D credits are subject to review and possible adjustment by federal and state tax authorities. As of December 31, 2022, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of 81.0 million and 81.4 million, respectively, which are available to reduce future taxable income. If not utilized, the federal and state net operating loss carryforwards expire starting in 2027. Included in the federal net operating loss carryforwards are 64.0 million of net operating loss generated from 2018 to 2022 that will not expire and are limited to offset 80 of our taxable income for years beginning after December 31, 2020. Certain federal and state net operating loss carryforwards expire at various dates through 2042. As of December 31, 2022, we had cumulative federal R D tax credits of 2.7 million. These tax credit carryforwards will expire at various dates through 2042. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code, changes in our ownership may limit the amount of our net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards that could be utilized annually to offset our future taxable income, if any. This limitation would generally apply in the event of a cumulative change in ownership of our company of more than 50 within a three-year period. Any such limitation may significantly reduce our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards before they expire. Private placements, the IPO and other transactions that have occurred since our inception may trigger such an ownership change pursuant to Sections 382 and 383. Any such limitation, whether as the result of prior issuances of securities by us, sales of our common stock by our existing stockholders or additional sales of our common stock by us, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in future years. Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. We are subject to certain reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements or insufficient disclosures due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. If we experience future material weaknesses or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations. If, in the future, we identify material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis, and our financial statements may be materially misstated. We or our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, which could harm our operating results, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and cause the trading price of our stock to fall. In addition, as a public company, we will be required to file accurate and timely quarterly and annual reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act. Any failure to report our financial results on an accurate and timely basis could result in sanctions, lawsuits, delisting of our shares from The Nasdaq Global Select Market or other adverse consequences that would materially harm our business. In addition, we could become subject to investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC, and other regulatory authorities, and become subject to litigation from investors and stockholders, which could harm our reputation and our financial condition, or divert financial and management resources from our core business. An independent registered public accounting firm has not performed an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, because no such evaluation has been required. Had an independent registered public accounting firm 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 performed an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, material weaknesses may have been identified. Capital appreciation, if any, will be a stockholder s sole source of gain. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be an Immunome stockholder s sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws may delay or prevent an acquisition of our company or a change in our management. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt by our stockholders to replace current members of our management team. These provisions include: a prohibition on actions by our stockholders by written consent; a requirement that special meetings of stockholders, which our company is not obligated to call more than once per calendar year, be called only by the chairman of our board of directors, our chief executive officer, or our board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors; advance notice requirements for election to our board of directors and for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings; division of our board of directors into three classes, serving staggered terms of three years each; and the authority of the board of directors to issue preferred stock with such terms as the board of directors may determine. 
 Moreover, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended, or DGCL, which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with u-s for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. These provisions would apply even if the proposed merger or acquisition could be considered beneficial by some stockholders. The choice of forum provision in our certificate of incorporation limits our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 The choice of forum provision in our certificate of incorporation may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees and may discourage these types of lawsuits. Alternatively, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than that designated in the exclusive forum provision. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provision of our certificate of incorporation. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties We currently lease 11,000 square feet of office and laboratory space in Exton, Pennsylvania under a lease that expires on March 31, 2024. We believe the leased space is sufficient to meet our immediate facility needs, and that any additional space we may require will be available on commercially reasonable terms. Item 3. Legal Proceedings We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us due to defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative publicity, reputational harm and other factors. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our common stock has been publicly traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol IMNM since October 2, 2020. Holders As of March 13, 2023, the Company had approximately 62 record holders of its common stock. A substantially greater number of holders are beneficial owners whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other nominees. Dividends The Company has not declared or paid any dividends since its inception, nor does it expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans The information under the heading Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans will be filed in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities None. Item 6. Selected Financial Data Not required. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should carefully read the Risk Factors section of this Annual Reports to gain an understanding of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Please also see the section entitled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Overview Since our inception in 2006, we have devoted substantially all our resources to research and development, raising capital, building our management team and building our intellectual property portfolio. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through sales of our common stock, Series A convertible preferred stock and warrants, warrant exercises, the issuance of convertible promissory notes, the Paycheck Protection Program loan, or the PPP loan, that was forgiven in May 2021, and strategic partnerships with AbbVie and the Department of Defense, or the DoD. In January 2023, we received a 30.0 million upfront payment from AbbVie under the Collaboration Agreement. In addition, we received 17.6 million in expense reimbursement from the DoD under the OTA Agreement through December 31, 2022. To date, we have not generated any revenue from product sales and do not expect to generate revenue from the sale of products for the foreseeable future. Since inception we have incurred significant operating losses. Our net losses were 36.9 million and 24.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had a cash and cash equivalent balance of 20.3 million, which does not include the 30.0 million upfront payment that we received in January 2023 from AbbVie under the Collaboration Agreement. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses in connection with ongoing research and development activities related to our portfolio of programs as we continue advancement of our programs and development candidates. We also plan to perform research activities as we seek to discover and develop additional programs and development candidates; carry out maintenance, expansion, enforcement, defense, and protection of our intellectual property portfolio; and hire research and development, clinical and administrative personnel. If we cannot obtain the necessary funding to support these activities on favorable terms, if at all, we will need to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our research and development programs. We may also need to consider other various strategic alternatives, including a merger or sale of the Company; or reduce or cease operations. If we engage in collaborations, we may receive lower consideration upon commercialization of such products or technologies than if we had not entered into such arrangements or if we entered into such arrangements at later stages in the research and development process. Other than the current and potential future sources of funding under the Collaboration Agreement with AbbVie, we currently have no other sources of revenue, and our ability to continue to fund our future business plans is dependent on our ability to raise capital to fund our present and future business plans. Additionally, volatility in the capital markets, the competitive landscape and general economic conditions in the United States may be a significant obstacle to raising the required funds. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses in connection with ongoing activities, particularly if and as we: continue research and development activities; pursue regulatory approvals and implement other regulatory strategies for our programs and development candidates; take additional steps to advance our discovery engine and our existing and future pipeline; 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 obtain, maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; hire additional research and development, clinical and administrative personnel; scale up and expand our clinical and regulatory capabilities; and add operational, financial and management information systems and infrastructure to support our research and development programs, and any future commercialization efforts. 
 As a result of these anticipated expenditures and potential unanticipated expenditures, we will need substantial additional financing to support our continuing operations and pursue our growth strategy. Until such time as we generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of any stockholder will be or could be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our stockholders. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making acquisitions or capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or drug candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings or other arrangements when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our research, product development or future commercialization efforts, or grant rights to develop and market programs and development candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. We may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other agreements when needed on favorable terms or at all. The inability to raise capital as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. Through December 31, 2022, we raised an aggregate of 125.1 million in gross proceeds from sales of our common stock, Series A convertible preferred stock and warrants, warrant and stock option exercises, the issuance of convertible promissory notes, and the PPP loan. In addition, in July 2020, the Company entered into an Other Transaction Authority for Prototype Agreement, or the OTA Agreement, with the Department of Defense, or the DoD, to fund the Company s efforts in developing an antibody cocktail therapeutic to treat COVID-19. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has received 17.6 million in expense reimbursement from the DoD under the OTA Agreement. On October 1, 2021, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement, or the ATM Agreement, with Jefferies Group LLC, which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations in the ATM Agreement, we may elect, from time to time, to offer and sell shares of common stock under our existing shelf registration statement having an aggregate offering price of up to 75.0 million through Jefferies Group LLC acting as sales agent. The Company has not sold any shares under the ATM Agreement or the shelf registration statement as of December 31, 2022. In addition, on January 4, 2023, we entered into the Collaboration Agreement with AbbVie directed to the discovery of up to 10 novel target-antibody pairs leveraging our discovery engine. The Company is potentially eligible to receive up to 2.8 billion from AbbVie under the Collaboration Agreement from the sources described in Note 15 to the financial statements. We have received the 30.0 million upfront payment in January 2023. There are no assurances that we will receive additional payments from AbbVie beyond the 30.0 million upfront payment. We expect that our cash as of December 31, 2022, together with the 30.0 million upfront payment that we received in January 2023 from AbbVie under the Collaboration Agreement, will be sufficient to fund our operations at least 12 months from the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be imprecise, and we may exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. See Liquidity and capital resources. Due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the research and development of our programs, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenses associated with completing the research and development of our programs and development candidates. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Our current programs and strategic collaborations Oncology (IMM-ONC-01) Our lead oncology program targets IL-38, which we believe is a novel, negative regulator of inflammation capable of promoting tumor evasion of the immune system. IL-38 was identified as the target of an antibody isolated from a hybridoma library generated from the memory B cells of a patient with squamous head and neck cancer. Query of public and proprietary (Tempus) databases of cancer gene expression revealed over-expression of IL-38 in multiple solid tumors. Further, a correlation with low levels of tumor-infiltrating immune effector cells, a hallmark of immune suppression in some of these patients tumors, and high IL-38 expression was also observed, suggesting a role for IL-38 as an immune modulator. Data obtained from preclinical testing indicated that blocking IL-38 function using inhibitory antibodies increased the immune response to the tumor and resulted in anti-tumor activity in select animal models, suggesting that anti-IL-38 antibodies could have therapeutic utility as single agents or in combination with other therapeutic modalities. Our recent analysis further confirms IL-38 expression is frequently elevated in samples of select patient tumor subtypes, in cancers such as head and neck, lung and gastroesophageal. We believe that this information could potentially guide patient selection for early clinical testing and may improve the overall probability of demonstrating clinical utility, thereby improving the probability of clinical success. We plan to submit our IND application for the IMM-ONC-01 program by mid-2023. SARS-CoV-2 (IMM-BCP-01) We are developing an antibody cocktail derived from the B cells of COVID-19 patients who exhibited high neutralizing titers. IMM-BCP-01 targets non-overlapping regions of the Spike protein of SARS-CoV-2 which include highly conserved, subdominant epitopes. The cocktail promotes both ACE2 and non-ACE2 dependent neutralization and induces natural viral clearance mechanisms such as antibody dependent cellular cytotoxicity, complement activation and phagocytosis in pre-clinical testing. We are conducting this program in collaboration with the DoD. The IMM-BCP-01 program is broadly focused on the emerging variants of SARS-CoV-2. We submitted an IND application for the IMM-BCP-01 program to the U.S. FDA in November 2021 and initiated the Phase 1b study of IMM-BCP-01 in patients infected with SARS-CoV-2 in June 2022 . On January 6, 2023, the Company announced that it successfully completed dosing of the first cohort of patients in a Phase 1b study with no significant treatment-related adverse events. The Company has decided to seek a partner in order to continue the trial and for any further development activities. Other Programs and Platforms In addition to the already described current programs, we will continue to invest in our proprietary discovery engine to expand our pipeline. The high output of antibody-target pairs resulting from our discovery engine may provide us with additional insights into the immune response against cancer and other diseases. We intend to continue to invest in this platform, to evaluate novel antibody-target pairs and to develop a pipeline of antibody therapeutics as single agents or in combination with other therapeutics or technologies to yield programs and development candidates, such as Antibody-Drug Conjugates (ADCs). Additionally, we plan to expand our intellectual property estate and infrastructure needed to discover and advance our programs and development candidates. We may in-license or acquire complementary intellectual property as needed or required, and we may continue to build our know-how and trade secrets. We may pursue both therapeutic and diagnostic applications of our antibodies through composition of matter and/or method of use patents. While our initial focus areas are in oncology and other diseases, we may invest in intellectual property in other therapeutic areas as well. Collaboration with AbbVie On January 4, 2023, the Company and AbbVie entered into the Collaboration Agreement, pursuant to which the Company will use its proprietary discovery engine to discover and validate targets derived from patients with three specified tumor types, and antibodies that bind to such targets, which may be the subject of further development and commercialization by AbbVie. For a more comprehensive discussion regarding the Collaboration Agreement, please see Note 15 to the financial statements. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 COVID-19 pandemic The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect economies and businesses around the world. The extent and duration of such effects remain uncertain and difficult to predict, particularly as virus variants continue to spread. We are actively monitoring and managing our response and assessing actual and potential impacts to our operating results and financial condition, as well as developments in our business, which could further impact the developments, trends and expectations described below. See the risk factor related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, A pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial results and cause a disruption to our research, development and commercialization efforts, described in Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Components of our results of operations Research and development expenses Research and development expenses consist of costs incurred in performing research and development activities, which include: personnel-related expenses, including salaries, bonuses, benefits and share-based compensation for employees engaged in research and development functions; expenses incurred in connection with the advancement of our programs and development candidates, including under agreements with consultants, contractors, contract research organizations and other third-party vendors and suppliers; expenses to conduct clinical trials including regulatory and quality assurance; the cost of developing and validating our manufacturing process for use in our preclinical studies and clinical trials; laboratory supplies and research materials and other infrastructure-related expenses; and facilities, depreciation and amortization and other expenses which include direct and allocated expenses. 
 We expense research and development costs as incurred. Advance payments that we make for goods or services to be received in the future for use in research and development activities are recorded as prepaid expenses. The prepaid amounts are expensed as the benefits are consumed. Research and development activities are central to our business model. We expect that our research and development expenses will increase substantially in connection with the continuation of our activities. In July 2020, we entered into the OTA Agreement with the DoD to fund the development of IMM-BCP-01 to treat COVID-19. The OTA Agreement was modified in May 2021 to increase such funding. In connection with the OTA Agreement, we record expense reimbursements received from the DoD as contra-research and development expenses in the same period the underlying expenses are incurred. Under the provisions of the CARES Act signed into law on March 27, 2020 and the subsequent extension of the CARES Act, the Company was deemed eligible to receive the employee retention credit subject to certain criteria. The Company recognized the employee retention credit as contra-expense to personnel related costs in research and development expenses in the statements of operations. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 General and administrative expenses General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and other related costs, including share-based compensation for personnel in our executive, business development, and administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include legal fees relating to intellectual property and corporate matters, professional fees for accounting, auditing, tax and consulting services, insurance costs, travel, direct and allocated facility related expenses and other operating costs. We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future to support increased and progressed research and development activities. Under the provisions of the CARES Act signed into law on March 27, 2020 and the subsequent extension of the CARES Act, the Company was eligible for a refundable employee retention credit subject to certain criteria. The Company recognized the employee retention credit as contra-expense to personnel related costs in general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. Interest income (expense), net Interest expense consists of interest expense related to our equipment loan payable. Interest income consists of interest income earned on our cash. Other income In April 2020, the Company received a 0.5 million loan, or the PPP Loan, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program, or the PPP, under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act implemented by the U.S. Small Business Administration. The loan was forgiven on May 21, 2021 and recorded as other income in the statement of operations. Results of operations The ultimate extent of the impact of any epidemic, pandemic, outbreak, or other public health crisis on our results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and its variants or other public health crisis and actions taken to contain or prevent the further spread, among others. Accordingly, we cannot fully predict the extent to which our business and results of operations will be affected by the pandemic. Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Operating expenses: Research and development 23,272 14,110 9,162 General and administrative 13,629 11,094 2,535 Total operating expenses 36,901 25,204 11,697 Loss from operations (36,901) (25,204) (11,697) Other income (expense): Other income 503 (503) Interest income (expense), net 5 (10) 15 Total other income 5 493 (488) Net loss (36,896) (24,711) (12,185) 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Research and development expenses Research and development expenses were 23.3 million and 14.1 million, net of DoD reimbursement of 0.6 million and 15.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Research and development expenses increased by 9.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Of the 9.2 million increase in research and development expenses, BCP-01 program related expenses increased by 6.8 million as a result of receiving the maximum reimbursement amount of 17.6 million from the DoD under the OTA Agreement during 2022 and using our own funds to support our clinical activities. Prior to receiving the maximum reimbursement amount, contra-research and development expenses offset the expenses recognized for the period under the DoD agreement. ONC-01 program related expenses increased by 2.3 million in connection with the advancement of our program. Personnel-related costs increased by 0.7 million due to an increase of 0.5 million in share-based compensation and 0.2 million in personnel compensation. These increases were offset by 0.6 million decrease in general expenses and facility related costs. General and administrative expenses General and administrative expenses increased by 2.5 million from 11.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 13.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This increase is primarily as a result of a 2.5 million increase in personnel-related costs due to an increase of 1.4 million in share-based compensation and 1.1 million in personnel-related costs. Personnel-related costs increased as a result of an increase in wages and issuance of annual share-based awards. Other income Other income for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily consists of the forgiveness of the PPP Loan. Interest income (expense), net Interest expense, net consists of interest expense related to our equipment loan payable which were paid in full as of December 31, 2021. Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash balances held with financial institutions. Liquidity and capital resources Since our inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. We expect to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future as we continue advancement of our programs and development candidates. Through December 31, 2022, we raised an aggregate of 125.1 million in gross proceeds from sales of our common stock, Series A convertible preferred stock and warrants, warrant and stock option exercises, the issuance of convertible promissory notes, and the PPP loan that was forgiven in May 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had 20.3 million in cash and cash equivalents which does not include the 30.0 million that we received from AbbVie under the Collaboration Agreement. On October 1, 2021, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement, or the ATM Agreement, with Jefferies Group LLC, which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations in the ATM Agreement, we may elect, from time to time, to offer and sell common shares under the registration statement having an aggregate offering price of up to 75.0 million through Jefferies Group LLC acting as sales agent. We filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which was declared effective by the SEC on October 14, 2021, pursuant to which we may issue from time-to-time securities with an aggregate value of up to 200.0 million. The Company has not sold any shares under the ATM Agreement or the shelf registration statement as of December 31, 2022. In addition, on January 4, 2023, we entered into the Collaboration Agreement with AbbVie directed to the discovery of up to 10 novel target-antibody pairs leveraging our discovery engine. Under the terms of the Collaboration Agreement, Immunome will grant AbbVie the option to purchase worldwide rights for up to 10 novel target-antibody pairs arising from the selected tumors. AbbVie will pay the Company an option exercise fee in the low single digit 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 millions for each of the validated target pairs for which it exercises an option. We received an upfront payment of 30.0 million in January 2023 and will be eligible to receive additional platform access payments in the aggregate amount of up to 70.0 million based on AbbVie s election for us to continue research using our discovery engine. We are also eligible to receive development and first commercial sale milestones of up to 120.0 million per target with respect to certain products derived from target-antibody pairs that AbbVie elects to purchase, sales-based milestones based on achievement of specified levels of net sales of products up to 150.0 million in the aggregate per target, and tiered low single digit royalties on net sales of products. The Company is potentially eligible to receive up to 2.8 billion from AbbVie under the Collaboration Agreement from the sources described above. There are no assurances that we will receive additional payments from AbbVie beyond the 30.0 million upfront payment. We will need to raise additional capital before we exhaust our current cash to continue to fund our research and development, including our plans to continue advancement of our programs and product candidates and new product development, as well as to fund operations. As and if necessary, we will seek to raise additional funds through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. We can give no assurances that we will be able to secure such additional sources of funds to support our operations, or, if such funds are available to us, that such additional financing will be sufficient to meet our needs. Cash flows The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Cash used in operating activities (28,690) (18,226) Cash used in investing activities (248) (79) Cash provided by financing activities 32 27,768 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (28,906) 9,463 Operating activities Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 28.7 million, consisting primarily of our net loss of 36.9 million and decreases in accrued expenses and other liabilities, accounts payable, and other long-term liabilities of 2.8 million, offset by net noncash charges of 6.0 million for depreciation and amortization expense and share-based compensation expense and a 5.1 million decrease in prepaids expenses and other assets. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 18.2 million, consisting primarily of our net loss of 24.7 million and increases of prepaid expenses and other assets of 4.3 million, offset by net noncash charges of 3.7 million for depreciation and amortization expense, share-based compensation expense, and forgiveness of PPP loan, and an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities of 7.1 million due to our growth in expenditures. Investing activities During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we used 0.2 million and 0.1 million, respectively, for the purchase of property and equipment. Financing activities During the year ended December 31, 2022, financing activities provided 32,000 from exercise of stock options. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities was 27.8 million, consisting primarily of 26.7 million of net proceeds received from the private investment in public equity (PIPE) funding, 1.4 million of proceeds from the exercise of common stock warrants and stock options, offset by 0.2 million of offering costs in connection with the Company s shelf registration statement and 0.1 million for payments related to our equipment loan payable. Funding requirements Our operating expenses are expected to increase substantially as we continue to advance our discovery engine and programs. Specifically, our expenses will increase if and as we: further develop our discovery engine; continue our research and development programs for our programs and development candidates from our current programs; seek to identify additional programs and development candidates; maintain, expand, enforce, defend, and protect our intellectual property portfolio and provide reimbursement of third-party expenses related to our patent portfolio; seek marketing approvals for any of our programs and development candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; establish a sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any medicines for which we may obtain marketing approval; hire additional personnel including research and development, clinical and administrative personnel; add operational, financial, and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development; acquire or in-license products, intellectual property, and technologies; and continue to operate as a public company. 
 We expect that our existing cash at December 31, 2022, together with the 30.0 million upfront payment we received in January 2023 from AbbVie under the Collaboration Agreement, will enable us to fund our current and planned operating expenses and capital expenditures at least 12 months from the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company will need additional financing to support its continuing operations and pursue its research and development strategy. We have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be imprecise, and we may exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development of our programs, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenses associated with completing the research and development of our programs and development candidates. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors including: the costs of continuing to develop our discovery engine; the costs of acquiring licenses, should we choose to do so, for the expansion of product development; 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 the scope, progress, results, and costs of discovery, preclinical development, laboratory testing, manufacturing and clinical trials for programs and development candidates; the costs of preparing, filing, and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property and proprietary rights, and defending intellectual property-related claims and the success of our intellectual property portfolio; the costs, timing, and outcome of regulatory review of the programs and development candidates we may develop; the costs of future activities, including product sales, medical affairs, marketing, manufacturing, distribution, coverage and reimbursement for any programs or development candidates for which we receive regulatory approval; the success of our license agreements and our collaborations; our ability to establish and maintain additional collaborations on favorable terms, if at all; the achievement of milestones or occurrence of other developments that trigger payments under any additional collaboration agreements we obtain; the extent to which we acquire or in-license products, intellectual property, and technologies; and the costs of operating as a public company. 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, and licensing arrangements. We do not have any committed external source of funds. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of any purchaser will be or could be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing and equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making acquisitions or capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or drug candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings or other arrangements when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our research, product development or future commercialization efforts, or grant rights to develop and market programs and development candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. Critical accounting policies and significant judgments Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 to our audited financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report, we believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Share-based compensation We recognize the grant-date fair value of share-based awards issued as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the award. The fair value of stock options is estimated at the time of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires the use of inputs and assumptions such as the fair value of the underlying common stock, exercise price of the option, expected term, risk-free interest rate, expected volatility and dividend yield. The inputs and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. As a result, if factors change and management uses different inputs and assumptions, our share-based compensation expense could be materially different for future awards. Expected volatility is a subjective assumption based on the historical stock volatility of several of our comparable publicly traded companies over a period of time equal to the expected term. Accrued research and development expenses As part of the process of preparing our financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued research and development expenses. This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders and communicating with personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of actual costs. The majority of our service providers invoice us on a pre-determined schedule or when contractual milestones are met. We make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in the financial statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. We periodically confirm the accuracy of these estimates with the service providers and make adjustments, if necessary. Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, there have not been any material adjustments to our prior estimates of accrued research and development expenses. Recently adopted accounting standards ASC Topic 842, Leases On January 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASC 842, which supersedes the lease accounting guidance under ASC 840. The standard generally requires lessees to recognize operating and finance lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use (ROU) assets in the balance sheets and provide enhanced disclosures on the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from lease arrangements. The Company adopted ASC 842 using the modified retrospective approach. The Company elected the package of practical expedients available for existing contracts, which allowed the Company to carry forward its historical assessments of lease identification, lease classification, and initial direct costs. The Company also elected a policy to not apply the recognition requirements of ASC 842 for short-term leases with a term of 12 months or less. As of January 1, 2022, the effective date, the Company identified one operating lease arrangement relating to the Company s headquarters facility and one short-term lease relating to laboratory equipment. The adoption of ASC 842 resulted in a recognition of an ROU asset and lease liability of 0.5 million in the Company s balance sheets relating to the lease as of January 1, 2022. The adoption of the standard did not have a material effect on the Company s statements of operations and statements of cash flows. ASU Topic 832, Government Assistance In November 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-10, Government Assistance , or Topic 832, which requires enhanced disclosures of transactions with governments that are accounted for by applying a grant or contribution model. The new 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 pronouncement requires entities to provide information about the nature of the transaction, terms and conditions associated with the transaction and financial statement line items affected by the transaction. The Company adopted the standard for the annual period beginning January 1, 2022. The DoD expense reimbursement contract and the employee retention credit received under the CARES Act qualify as government assistance programs under Topic 832 and resulted in enhanced required disclosures, as described in Note 5. ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04 Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) , or ASU 2021-04, that requires the issuer to treat a modification of an equity-classified written call option (i.e., a warrant) that does not cause the option to become liability-classified as an exchange of the original option for a new option. An issuer should measure the effect of a modification or exchange as the difference between the fair value of the modified or exchanged warrant and the fair value of that warrant immediately before modification or exchange. The Company adopted the standard for interim periods beginning January 1, 2022. As described in Note 11, in September 2022, the Company modified its Series B Warrants which resulted in a reduction in exercise price from 45.00 per share to 10.00 per share. The Company recognized a deemed dividend of 0.6 million which was recorded in the Company s statement of operations as an increase to the net loss attributable to common stockholders for purposes of computing net loss per share, basic and diluted. The net impact to the statements of changes in stockholders equity was zero because the warrants were equity classified before and after the modification. JOBS Act We qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies, including reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements, exemption from the requirements to hold non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation and golden parachute payments and exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. We may take advantage of these exemptions until the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering or such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging growth company. We would cease to be an emerging growth company earlier if we have more than 1.07 billion in annual revenue, we have more than 700.0 million in market value of our stock held by non-affiliates (and we have been a public company for at least 12 months and have filed one annual report on Form 10-K) or we issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt securities over a three-year period. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we are permitted, and intend, to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. We may choose to take advantage of some, but not all, of the available exemptions. In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we will adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard and will do so until such time that we either (i) irrevocably elect to opt out of such extended transition period or (ii) no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. Therefore, the reported results of operations contained in our financial statements may not be directly comparable to those of other public companies. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Not required. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The information required by this Item is set forth on pages 85 through 108 hereto. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure On September 30, 2022, the Audit Committee, or the Committee, of the Board of Directors of the Company elected to terminate its engagement with Deloitte Touche LLP, or Deloitte, as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, effective immediately. The audit report of Deloitte on the financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and the subsequent interim periods through March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, there were no disagreements, as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions, between the Company and Deloitte, on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Deloitte, would have caused Deloitte to make reference in connection with their opinion to the subject matter of the disagreement. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and the subsequent interim periods through March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, there were no reportable events as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. On September 30, 2022, the Committee appointed Ernst Young LLP, or EY, as its independent registered public accounting firm, which became effective on October 4, 2022. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and the subsequent interim periods through March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, neither the Company, nor anyone on its behalf, has consulted EY with respect to: (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements, and neither a written report was provided to the Company nor oral advice was provided to the Company that EY concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) or a reportable event (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to ensure the timely disclosure of required information in our SEC filings. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for the assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is supported by written policies and procedures that: - Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; - Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and - Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 In connection with the preparation of the Company s annual financial statements, management of the Company has undertaken an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Management s assessment included an evaluation of the design of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements prepared for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting No changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections None. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance The information required by Item 10 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to the information contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by Item 11 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to the information contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by Item 12 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to the information contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by Item 13 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to the information contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. Item 14. Principal Accountant s Fees and Services The information required by Item 14 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to the information contained in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a)(1) Financial Statements See Index to the Financial Statements on page 85 of this Annual Report. (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules None, as all information required in these schedules is included in the Notes to the Financial Statements. (a)(3) Exhibits See Exhibit Index or Page 109 of this Annual Report. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Immunome, Inc. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 86 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 87 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 88 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 89 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 90 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 91 Notes to Financial Statements 92 4 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Report of independent registered public accounting firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Immunome, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Immunome, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, the related statement of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. March 16, 2023 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTER ED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Immunome, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Immunome, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related statement of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flow, for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ March 28, 2022 We began serving as the Company s auditor in 2019. In 2022 we became the predecessor auditor. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Immunome, Inc. Balance sheets (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating right-of-use asset, net - Restricted cash Deferred offering costs Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Immunome, Inc. Statements of operations (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Other income Interest income (expense), net ) Total other income Net loss ) ) Deemed dividend arising from warrant modification ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) Per share information: Net loss per common share, basic and diluted ) ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Immunome Inc. Statements of changes in stockholders equity (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Stockholders equity Common stock Additional paid-in Accumulated Shares Amount capital deficit Total Balance at January 1, 2021 ) Sale of common stock and common stock warrants, net of in offering costs Share-based compensation expense Exercise of common stock warrants Exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Share-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Immunome Inc. Statements of cash flows (in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of right-of-use asset Share-based compensation Deferred rent Forgiveness of PPP Loan ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Other long-term liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from exercise of common stock warrants Proceeds from sale of common stock and common stock warrants Payment of issuance costs related to the sale of common stock and common stock warrants ) Payment of equipment loan payable ) Payment of offering costs ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Operating lease right-of-use asset and lease liability recorded upon adoption of ASC 842 Offering costs included in accounts payable The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and it expects to generate losses from operations for the foreseeable future primarily due to research and development costs for its programs and development candidates. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million. The Company expects to generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. Through December 31, 2022, the Company raised an aggregate of million in gross proceeds from sales of our common stock, Series A convertible preferred stock and warrants, warrant and stock option exercises, the issuance of convertible promissory notes, and the Payment Protection, or PPP, loan that was forgiven in May 2021. In addition, in July 2020, the Company entered into an Other Transaction Authority for Prototype Agreement, or the OTA Agreement, with the Department of Defense, or the DoD, to fund the Company s efforts in developing an antibody cocktail therapeutic to treat COVID-19. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has received million in expense reimbursement from the DoD under the OTA Agreement. On October 1, 2021, the Company entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement, or the ATM Agreement, with Jefferies Group LLC, which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations in the ATM Agreement, the Company may elect, from time to time, to offer and sell shares of common stock under the registration statement having an aggregate offering price of up to million through Jefferies Group LLC acting as sales agent. The Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, on October 14, 2021, pursuant to which the Company may issue from time-to-time securities with an aggregate value of up to million. The Company has not sold any shares under the ATM Agreement or the shelf registration statement as of December 31, 2022. On January 4, 2023, the Company entered into a collaboration and option agreement, or the Collaboration Agreement, with AbbVie Global Enterprises Ltd, or AbbVie, directed to the discovery of up to 10 novel target-antibody pairs leveraging our discovery engine. Under the terms of the Collaboration Agreement, Immunome will grant AbbVie the option to purchase worldwide rights for up to 10 novel target-antibody pairs arising from the selected tumors. AbbVie will pay the Company an option exercise fee in the low single digit millions for each of the validated target pairs for which it exercises an option. The Company received a non-refundable upfront payment of million in January 2023 and will be eligible to receive additional platform access payments in the aggregate amount of up to million based on AbbVie s election for the Company to continue research using its discovery engine. The Company is also 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 million per target with respect to certain products derived from target-antibody pairs that AbbVie elects to purchase, sales-based milestones based on achievement of specified levels of net sales of products up to million in the aggregate per target, and tiered low single digit royalties on net sales of products. The Company is potentially eligible to receive up to billion from AbbVie under the Collaboration Agreement from the sources described above. However, there are no assurances that the Company will receive additional payments from AbbVie beyond the million upfront payment. The Company expects that its cash as of December 31, 2022, together with the million received in January 2023 from AbbVie under the Collaboration Agreement, will be sufficient to fund its operations for at least 12 months from the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Beyond that date, more funding will be necessary to fund additional research and development activities and operations in order to pursue the Company s growth strategy. If the Company cannot obtain the necessary funding, it will need to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of its research and development programs or enter into collaborations with third parties relative to potential programs, products or technologies that it might otherwise seek to progress independently (or enter into these collaborations sooner than it might otherwise have intended to); consider various other strategic alternatives, including a possible merger or sale of the Company; or reduce or cease operations. If the Company engages in collaborations under these circumstances, it may receive lower consideration than if it had not entered into such arrangements or if it entered into such arrangements at later stages in the research and development process. Additionally, volatility in the capital markets generally and the biotechnology sector specifically, as well as general economic conditions in the United States may be a significant obstacle to raising the required funds on satisfactory terms, if at all. Operations of the Company are subject to certain risks and uncertainties including various internal and external factors that will affect whether and when the Company s programs and development candidates become approved drugs and how significant their market share will be, many of which are outside of the Company s control. The length of time and cost of developing and commercializing these programs and development candidates and/or failure of them at any stage of the drug approval process will materially affect the Company s financial condition and future operations. The Company is also subject to risks and uncertainties as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Although there is uncertainty as to the extent of the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the continued impact to capital markets and economies worldwide in the form of economic slowdowns or recession, there has not been a significant impact to the Company s operations or financial statements to date. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 operating segment operating exclusively in the United States. at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table provides a reconciliation of the components of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash presented in the statements of cash flows: Restricted cash Concentration of credit risk losses were incurred by the Company on the Company s deposits that were held at SVB. Subsequent to this event the Company s deposits were transferred to a financial institution that management believes to be of high credit quality, therefore management believes that the Company currently is not exposed to significant credit risk. Property and equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense is recognized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of each asset as follows: Leasehold improvements Lesser of lease term or Computer equipment Office equipment Furniture and fixtures Expenditures for repairs and maintenance of assets are charged to expense as incurred, while major betterments are capitalized. Upon retirement or sale, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization of assets disposed of are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in the statements of operations. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 impairment losses recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. million as of each of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in the balance sheets. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 as the Company has never paid dividends and has no current plans to pay any dividends on its common stock. The exercise price is the fair value of the common stock as of the measurement date. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Common stock warrants (1) 

 (1) Represents common stock equivalents 
 In periods in which the Company reports a net loss per share of common stock, diluted net loss per share of common stock is the same as basic net loss per share of common stock since dilutive common shares are not assumed to have 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 million in the Company s balance sheets relating to the lease as of January 1, 2022. The adoption of the standard did not have a material effect on the Company s statements of operations and statements of cash flows. ASU Topic 832, Government Assistance In November 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-10, Government Assistance , or Topic 832, which requires enhanced disclosures of transactions with governments that are accounted for by applying a grant or contribution model. The new pronouncement requires entities to provide information about the nature of the transaction, terms and conditions associated with the transaction and financial statement line items affected by the transaction. The Company adopted the standard for the annual period beginning January 1, 2022. The DoD expense reimbursement contract and the employee retention credit received under the CARES Act qualify as government assistance programs under Topic 832 and resulted in enhanced required disclosures, as described in Note 5. ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04 Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) , or ASU 2021-04, that requires the issuer to treat a modification of an equity-classified written call option (i.e., a warrant) that does not cause the option to become liability-classified as an exchange of the original option for a new option. An issuer should measure the effect of a modification or exchange as the difference between the fair value of the modified or exchanged warrant and the fair value of that warrant immediately before modification or exchange. The Company adopted the standard for interim periods beginning January 1, 2022. As described in Note 11, in September 2022, the Company modified its Series B Warrants which resulted in a reduction in exercise price from per share to per share. The Company recognized a deemed dividend of million which was recorded in the Company s statement of operations as an increase to the net loss attributable to common stockholders for purposes of computing net loss per share, basic and diluted. The net impact to the statements of changes in stockholders equity was because the warrants were equity classified before and after the modification. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 CARES Act employee retention credit receivable Research and development advance payments Prepaid insurance Reimbursement receivable from the DoD Unbilled reimbursement receivable from the DoD Leasehold improvements Computer equipment Office equipment and furniture and fixtures Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net Depreciation and amortization expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were assets under capital leases as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. million. In May 2021, the Company and the DoD amended the OTA Agreement, pursuant to which the DoD award was increased from million to million. In January 2023, the Company and the DoD modified the OTA Agreement to extend the termination date of the agreement to July 2023, at additional cost to the government. All other terms and conditions remain the same and are in full force and effect. Under the OTA Agreement, the DoD is required to pay the Company, upon submission of invoices for approved budgeted supplies delivered and services rendered in carrying out the prototype project, within calendar days of receipt of request for payment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has received the maximum million in expense reimbursement from the DoD under the OTA Agreement. The Company recorded contra-research and development expense of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in the statements of operations. There was expense reimbursement receivable due from the DoD as of December 31, 2022. The Company had an expense reimbursement receivable balance 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 million due from the DoD in prepaid expenses and other current assets as of December 31, 2021 in the accompanying balance sheets. DoD reimbursable services that have been performed but not yet billed are recorded as an unbilled receivable in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying balance sheets. There was unbilled receivable from the DoD as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had an unbilled receivable of million from the DoD. Costs that have been reimbursed by the DoD but not yet expensed by the Company are recorded as a deferred research obligation liability for the period. The deferred research obligation liability is inconsequential for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the deferred research liability of million is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying balance sheets. CARES Act employee retention credit Under the CARES Act, the Company met eligibility criteria for a million refundable employee retention credit. The Company recorded contra-expense to personnel related costs within research and development expense of million and general and administrative expense of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. such amounts were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company had an employee retention credit receivable due from the U.S. Department of Treasury of million in prepaid expenses and other current assets as of December 31, 2022 in the accompanying balance sheets. There was employee retention credit receivable due from the U.S. Department of Treasury as of December 31, 2021. Compensation and related benefits Professional fees Short-term operating lease liability and other liabilities Deferred research obligations million pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program under the CARES Act and implemented by the U.S. Small Business Administration. The Company used the proceeds of the PPP Loan for payroll and other qualifying expenses. The entire PPP Loan was forgiven on May 21, 2021 and recognized as other income in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 million and million to the 401(k) Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Legal proceedings The Company is not a party to any material litigation and does not have contingency reserves established for any litigation liabilities. At each reporting date, the Company evaluates whether a potential loss amount or a potential range of loss is probable and reasonably estimable under the provisions of the authoritative guidance that addresses accounting for contingencies. million. In addition, the Company may need to pay royalty rates on net product sales, a portion of certain sublicense and collaboration payments, and certain commercial milestone payments of up to approximately million, if any. The Company recorded million in development and regulatory milestone payments during the year ended December 31, 2022 in research and development expenses in the statements of operations. There were development and regulatory milestone payments during the year ended December 31, 2021. 2022 Amendment to Exclusive License Agreement In December 2022, the Company and Arrayjet Limited, or Arrayjet, amended the Exclusive License Agreement, effective as of June 28, 2019 and amended July 10, 2020. The agreement was amended, among other things, to increase the recurring exclusivity annual fee and make certain adjustments to the termination rights. 2021 Patent License Agreement In June 2021, the Company entered into an exclusive worldwide patent license agreement with several Philadelphia based universities and hospitals (the Licensors) to further discover, develop and commercialize human antibodies, identified using Immunome s human hybridoma technology, for the treatment of diseases associated with the formation of bacterial biofilms. The Licensors are eligible to receive up to million in the aggregate for certain regulatory, developmental, and commercial milestone payments. In addition, the Licensors are eligible to receive low single digit royalty rates for net product sales, which are subject to adjustment in the event the Company sublicenses the approved technology. The Company recorded million in initiation and minimum annual payments related to this agreement for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in research and development expenses in the statement of operations. office and laboratory space lease commencing on July 1, 2017 for approximately square feet of space in Exton, Pennsylvania. The Company has an option to extend the lease for up to additional terms. In December 2021, the Company extended the lease for an additional term ending in March 2024. Beginning July 2021, the Company leased laboratory equipment on a month-to- 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Operating lease liability Operating lease liability, net of current portion Total operating lease liability Operating lease liability and operating lease liability, net of current portion is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities, respectively, in the accompanying balance sheets. Research and development Total lease expense Short term lease expense recorded as research and development expense in the statements of operations was million for year ended December 31, 2022. Under ASC 840, lease expense was million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Other information related to the operating lease where the Company is the lessee was as follows: Weighted-average discount rate 2024 Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Present value of lease liability 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 vote for each share of common stock. Subject to the approval of the majority of shareholders, the holders of common stock shall be entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, the holders of common stock shall be entitled to share ratably in the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution. On October 1, 2021, the Company entered into the ATM Agreement with Jefferies Group LLC, which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations in the ATM Agreement, the Company may elect, from time to time, to offer and sell shares of common stock under the registration statement having an aggregate offering price of up to million through Jefferies Group LLC acting as sales agent. The Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which was declared effective by the SEC on October 14, 2021, pursuant to which the Company may issue from time-to-time securities with an aggregate value of up to million. The company has not sold any shares under the ATM Agreement or the shelf registration statement as of December 31, 2022. On August 4, 2021, the Company sold shares of the Company s common stock for per share to a purchaser in accordance with the Stock Purchase Agreement, or Stock Purchase Agreement. On April 28, 2021, the Company sold units, each unit comprising share of the Company s common stock and Series B Warrant (each, a Series B Warrant to purchase one-half of a share of common stock. The units were issued in a private placement at a price of per unit for gross proceeds of million. The Series B Warrants are equity-classified, exercisable at any time, have an exercise price of per share and will terminate from the date of issuance. The fair value of the warrants on the date of issuance was million. The fair value of the warrants was estimated using a Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. The significant assumptions used in preparing the option pricing model for valuing the Company s warrants to purchase shares of common stock as of April 28, 2021 included (i) volatility of , (ii) risk free interest rate of , (iii) strike price of per share, (iv) fair value of common stock of per share, and (v) expected life of three years. As described below, in September 2022, the Series B Warrants were modified to reduce the strike price to per share and to remove the Company s call right. Warrants to acquire shares of common stock On September 2, 2022, the Company notified holders of the Company s Series B Warrants, or the Holders, of the Company s agreement to permit Holders to exercise the Series B Warrants at an exercise price of per share (reduced from the previous exercise price of per share) at any time prior to the expiration date of the Series B Warrants. The Company recognized a deemed dividend of million, which represents the incremental fair value of the outstanding warrants as a result of the modification. This deemed dividend is recorded in the Company s statement of operations as an increase to the net loss attributable to common stockholders for purposes of computing net loss per share, basic and diluted. The net impact to the statements of changes in stockholders equity was because the warrants were equity classified before and after the modification. At December 31, 2022 common stock warrants outstanding were as follows: June 2, 2023 Series B April 28, 2024 For the year ended December 31, 2022, warrants were exercised. For the year ended December 31, 2021, warrants exercisable for per share were exercised, and the Company received proceeds of million 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 shares of the Company s common stock were issued. Additionally, warrants exercisable for per share were exercised in cashless transactions during the year ended December 31, 2021 and shares of the Company s common stock were issued. of the total number of shares of the Company s capital stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, or a lesser number of shares determined by the Company s Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future issuance under the 2020 Plan. On January 1, 2023, the number of shares available for future issuance under the 2020 Plan increased by shares. The Company also adopted the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the ESPP, on September 18, 2020 which provides for the grant of purchase rights to purchase shares of the Company s common stock to eligible employees, as defined by the ESPP. The maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the ESPP will not exceed shares of common stock, plus the number of shares of common stock that are automatically added on January 1 of each calendar year for a period of up to , commencing on the first January 1 following the year in which an IPO occurs and ending on, and including, January 1, 2030, in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, and (ii) shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available under the ESPP. shares of common stock have been issued under the ESPP as of December 31, 2022. On January 1, 2023, the number of shares available for future issuance under the ESPP increased by shares. The 2020 Plan and the ESPP are administered by the Board of Directors subject to the Board s right to delegate to a committee. The exercise prices, vesting and other restrictions are determined at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Stock options awarded under the 2020 Plan generally expire after the grant date unless the Board of Directors sets a shorter term. Vesting periods for awards under the 2020 Plan are determined at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Stock options granted to employees, officers, members of the Board of Directors and consultants of the Company typically vest over one to . Certain options provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control, as defined in the 2020 Plan. Research and development Unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested options was million as of December 31, 2022 and will be recognized over an estimated weighted average period of years. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected term (in years) Expected dividend yield Fair value of common stock A summary of option activity under the 2020 Plan and prior Plans during the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: Granted Forfeited ) Expired ) Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. The aggregate intrinsic value for options exercisable at December 31, 2022 was million. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022 was million. Restricted Stock Awards During August 2021, the Company granted fully vested restricted stock awards. The Company recorded share-based compensation expense of million for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the restricted stock awards granted. such transaction occurred for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 State tax, net of federal benefit Effects of state tax legislation, net of federal benefit ) Research and development credits Permanent differences ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) The components of the Company s deferred taxes are as follows (in thousands): 

December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Deferred tax assets: Net operating loss carryforwards Research and development intangibles Research and development credits Share-based compensation Accrued bonus Other Gross deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax asset Deferred tax liability Depreciation ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities The Company had income tax expense due to the operating losses incurred for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Management has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of the Company s net deferred tax assets and has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not recognize the benefits of the net deferred tax assets. As a result, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The valuation allowance increased by million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to the increase in deferred tax assets, primarily due to net operating loss carryforwards, and research and development tax credits, and deductible accrued expenses. Realization of the future tax benefits is dependent on many factors, including the Company s ability to generate taxable income within the net operating loss carryforward period. Under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, certain substantial changes in the Company s ownership, including a sale of the Company or significant changes in ownership due to sales of equity, may have limited, or may limit in the future, the amount of net operating loss and other attributes including research and development credit carry forwards which could be used annually to offset future taxable income. Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 due to ownership changes that have occurred previously or that could occur in the future. These ownership changes may limit the amount of net operating loss and research and development credit carryforwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. The Company has not currently completed an evaluation of ownership changes through December 31, 2022 to assess whether utilization of the Company s net operating loss or research and development credit carryforwards would be subject to an annual limitation under 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 million of federal and million of state net operating loss carryforwards. If not utilized, the federal and state net operating loss carryforwards expire starting in 2027. Included in the federal net operating loss carryforwards are million of net operating loss generated from 2018 to 2022 that will not expire and are limited to offset of the Company s taxable income for years beginning after December 31, 2020. Certain federal and state net operating loss carryforwards expire at various dates through 2042. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cumulative federal R D tax credits of million. These tax credit carryforwards will expire at various dates through 2042. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had uncertain tax positions. The Company recognizes both interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. The Company has not recorded any interest or penalties for unrecognized tax benefits since its inception. The Company filed income tax returns in the United States and Pennsylvania in all tax years since inception. The tax years 2006 and beyond remain open to examination by these jurisdictions. Carryforward attributes generated in all years since inception remain subject to adjustment. The Company is not currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service or any other jurisdiction for these years. per month. The Broadband MSA was amended and/or restated in July 2016, January 2017, June 2018, March 2020 and August 2020. In June 2021, the Company extended the Broadband MSA to continue through June 2022. The Broadband MSA expired in June 2022. The Company recorded million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the Broadband MSA, which is included in general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. Amounts due to Broadband Capital were million and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. , subject to extension in certain circumstances by specified extension periods. Pursuant to the terms of the Collaboration Agreement, with respect to each novel target-antibody pair that the Company generates that meets certain mutually agreed criteria (each, a Validated Target Pair or VTP), the Company granted to AbbVie an exclusive option (up to a maximum of 10 in total) to purchase all rights in and to such Validated Target Pair, for all human and non-human diagnostic, prophylactic and therapeutic uses throughout the 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 million, plus certain additional platform access payments in the aggregate amount of up to million based on the Company s use of its discovery engine in connection with activities under each stage of the research plan, and delivery of VTPs to AbbVie. AbbVie will also pay an option exercise fee in the low single digit millions for each of the up to 10 VTPs for which it exercises an option. If AbbVie progresses development and commercialization of a Product, AbbVie will pay the Company development and first commercial sale milestones of up to million per target, and sales milestones based on achievement of specified levels of net sales of Products of up to million in the aggregate per target, in each case, subject to specified deductions in certain circumstances. On a Product-by-Product basis, AbbVie will pay the Company tiered royalties on net sales of Products at a percentage in the low single digits, subject to specified reductions and offsets in certain circumstances. AbbVie s royalty payment obligation will commence, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis, on the first commercial sale of such Product in such country and will expire on the earlier of (a) (i) the ten )-year anniversary of such first commercial sale for such Product in such country, or (ii) solely with respect to a Product that incorporates an antibody comprising a VTP (or certain other antibodies derived from such delivered antibody), the expiration of all valid claims of patent rights covering the composition of matter of any such antibody (whichever out of (i) or (ii) is later), and (b) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for such Product in such country. The Company is potentially eligible to receive up to billion from AbbVie under the Collaboration Agreement from the sources described above. The Collaboration Agreement will expire upon the expiration of the last to expire royalty payment obligation with respect to all Products in all countries, subject to earlier expiration if all option exercise periods for all Validated Target Pairs expire without AbbVie exercising any option. In addition, the research term will terminate if AbbVie does not elect to make certain platform access payments at specified points during the research term, in order for the Company to continue the target discovery activities under the collaboration. The Collaboration Agreement may be terminated by (a) either party upon the other party s uncured material breach, or upon any insolvency event of the other party, (b) AbbVie for convenience upon a specified period prior written notice, or (c) AbbVie for the Company s breach of representations and warranties with respect to debarment or compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. If AbbVie has the right to terminate the Collaboration Agreement for the Company s uncured material breach or a breach of representations and warranties with respect to debarment or compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, AbbVie may elect to continue the Collaboration Agreement, subject to certain specified reductions applicable to certain of AbbVie s payment obligations (with a specified floor on such reductions). Whitehead Letter Agreement On November 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Letter Agreement, or the Letter Agreement, with the Whitehead Institute of Biomedical Research, or Whitehead, which became effective on January 4, 2023 upon the satisfaction of the conditions described therein. The Letter Agreement supplements the Exclusive Patent License Agreement entered into between the Company and Whitehead on June 25, 2009 (as amended on December 17, 2009, March 21, 2013, August 21, 2017 and July 21, 2020, the License Agreement). Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, Whitehead and the Company agreed that certain payments received by the Company from the Collaborator (as defined in the Letter Agreement) (i.e., a corporate partner, as defined in the License Agreement) would be excluded from the Company s payment obligations to Whitehead. The Company and Whitehead further agreed, among other things, that the Company will make certain payments to Whitehead (i) as Net Sales (as defined in the License Agreement) as long as the Company receives those payments from the Collaborator on a specified number of products purchased by the Collaborator and (ii) upon the achievement of certain milestones whether by the Company or the Collaborator. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Immunome, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 6, 2020). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Immunome, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 6, 2020). 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on September 24, 2020). 4.2 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement by and among the registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated as of June 2, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 9, 2020). 4.3 Form of 2020 Series A Preferred Stock Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 9, 2020). 4.4 Form of Amendment to 2020 Series A Preferred Stock Warrants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on September 24, 2020). 4.5 Form of Series B Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2021). 4.6 Description of Securities . 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the registrant and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 9, 2020). 10.2# Amended and Restated 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 9, 2020). 10.3# Form of Incentive Stock Option and Option Agreement for the Amended and Restated 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 9, 2020). 10.4# Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 9, 2020). 10.5# Form of Incentive Stock Option and Option Agreement for the Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 9, 2020). 10.6# 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on September 24, 2020). 10.7# Forms of Stock Option Grant Notice, Option Agreement, RSU Award Grant Notice and Notice of Exercise for the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on September 24, 2020). 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 10.8# 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on September 24, 2020). 10.9 License Agreement by and between the registrant and Arrayjet Limited, dated June 28, 2019, as amended by the Amendment to the License Agreement dated July 10, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 9, 2020). 10.10 Amendment #2 to the License Agreement by and between the registrant and Arrayjet Limited, dated December 30, 2022. 10.11 Exclusive Patent License Agreement by and between the registrant and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology as licensing agent for Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research, dated June 25, 2009, as amended by the First Amendment to the Exclusive Patent License Agreement dated December 17, 2009, by the Second Amendment to the Exclusive Patent License Agreement Dated March 21, 2013, by the Third Amendment to the Exclusive Patent License Agreement dated August 21, 2017 and by the Fourth Amendment to the Exclusive Patent License Agreement dated July 21, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 9, 2020). 10.12 Letter Agreement by and between the registrant and the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research, dated November 17, 2022. 10.13 Exclusive License Agreement by and between the registrant and Thomas Jefferson University, dated June 1, 2012, as amended by the First Amendment to License Agreement dated October 19, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 9, 2020). 10.14 Second Amendment to License Agreement by and between the registrant and Thomas Jefferson University, dated July 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020 filed on November 16, 2020) . 10.15 Other Transaction Authority for Prototype Agreement by and between the registrant and the Department of Defense, United States of America, dated July 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 9, 2020). 10.16 Second Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement, by and among the registrant, BCM Advisory Partners LLC and Broadband Capital Partners LLC, dated as of January 17, 2017, as amended by the Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement dated June 12, 2018, the Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement dated March 3, 2020 and the Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement dated August 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 9, 2020). 10.17# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the registrant and Purnanand D. Sarma, dated September 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on September 24, 2020) 10.18# Employment Agreement between the Company and Sandra G. Stoneman effective October 19, 2020. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2021). 10.19# Employment Letter Agreement between the Company and Corleen M. Roche, effective April 19, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2021). 10.20 # Employment Agreement between the Company and Dennis Giesing effective April 7, 2021 . 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 10.21 # Amended and Restated Employment Agreement of Matthew Robinson effective June 16, 2022. 10.22 Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the Company and the Purchasers signatory thereto, dated April 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2021). 10.23 Modification of Contract between the Company and the Department of Defense, United States of America, dated May 19, 2021 (portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv)) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2021). 10.24 Modification of Contract between the Company and the Department of Defense, United States of America, dated January 4, 2023. 10.25 Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement, dated June 1, 2021, by and between the Company and Broadband Capital Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 16, 2021). 10.26# Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021). 10.27 Open Market Sale Agreement, dated October 1, 2021, by and between Immunome, Inc. and Jefferies LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on October 1, 2021). 10.28 Letter to Holders of Series B Warrants to Purchase Shares of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 2, 2022) . 10.29 Collaboration and Option Agreement by and between the Registrant and AbbVie Global Enterprises Ltd., dated January 4, 2023. 10.30 Master Services Agreement by and between the registrant and Arrayjet Limited, dated November 8, 2016. 10.31 Revision to Master Services Agreement by and between the registrant and Arrayjet Limited, dated February 15, 2021 . 10.32 Amendment #2 to Master Services Agreement by and between the registrant and Arrayjet Limited, dated January 1, 2022. 10.33 Amendment #3 to Master Services Agreement by and between the registrant and Arrayjet Limited, dated December 30, 2022. 10.34 Quotation and Contract of Sale by and between the registrant and Arrayjet Limited, dated December 30, 2022. 10.35# Immunome, Inc. Annual Employee Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2022). 16.1 Letter from Deloitte Touche LLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated October 6, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2022). 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 23.2 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following financial information from the Annual Report on Form 10 K of IMMUNOME, INC. for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (1) Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; (2) Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; (3) Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; (4) Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; and (5) Notes to Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL). 

 Filed or furnished herewith. # Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted because they are not material and would likely cause competitive harm to Immunome, Inc. if publicly disclosed. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 16, 2023. 

IMMUNOME, INC. By: /s/ Purnanand D. Sarma Name: Purnanand D. Sarma, Ph.D. Title: President and Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Purnanand D. Sarma, Ph.D. and Corleen M. Roche, and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this report, and file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated on behalf of the Registrant. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Purnanand D. Sarma President, Chief Executive Officer and Director March 16, 2023 Purnanand D. Sarma, Ph.D. Principal Executive Officer /s/ Corleen M. Roche Chief Financial Officer March 16, 2023 Corleen M. Roche (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Michael Rapp Director March 16, 2023 Michael Rapp /s/ Richard Baron Director March 16, 2023 Richard Baron /s/ John LaMattina Director March 16, 2023 John LaMattina, Ph.D. /s/ Michael Lefenfeld Director March 16, 2023 Michael Lefenfeld /s/ Philip Wagenheim Director March 16, 2023 Philip Wagenheim /s/ Frank Prendergast Director March 16, 2023 Frank Prendergast 
 113 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 tmb-20221231xex4d6.htm
 EX-4.6

Exhibit 4.6 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following description of our capital stock, certain provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), our Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws ), and certain provisions of Delaware law are summaries. The following is qualified in its entirety by (i) our Certificate of Incorporation, (ii) our Bylaws, (iii) forms of our warrants, and (iv) the Purchase Agreement (as defined below), each of which is filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, to which this exhibit is also appended. General Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share, all of which shares of preferred stock are undesignated. Our board of directors may establish the rights and preferences of the preferred stock from time to time. Common Stock Voting Rights Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Under our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, our stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights. Because of this, the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose. Dividends Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then-outstanding preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors out of legally available funds. Liquidation In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then-outstanding shares of preferred stock. Rights and Preferences Holders of common stock have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate in the future. Preferred Stock Our board of directors may, without further action by our stockholders, fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of up to an aggregate of shares of preferred stock in one or more series and authorize their issuance. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of our common stock. The issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of our common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control or other corporate action. No shares of preferred stock are outstanding, and we have no present plan to issue any shares of preferred stock. Warrants Series A Warrants As of December 31, 2022, warrants (each, a Series A Warrant to purchase an aggregate of 803,112 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of 9.00 per share of common stock were outstanding. The Series A Warrants are exercisable at any time and will terminate at the earlier of (i) three years from the date of issuance, (ii) upon liquidation of the Company and (iii) upon the Company s common stock trading at 27.00 per share for at least 10 days out of a consecutive 20 day trading period 

 beginning after the first anniversary of an initial public offering of the Company s common stock. The exercise price of the Series A Warrants is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock splits, subdivisions and combinations, stock dividends, asset or capital dividends, consolidations, mergers, sales of assets, reorganizations or reclassifications. Series B Warrants As of December 31, 2022, warrants (each, a Series B Warrant to purchase an aggregate of 500,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of 10.00 per share of common stock were outstanding. The Series B Warrants were issued to certain accredited investors pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 26, 2021 (the Purchase Agreement ), among the Company and such accredited investors. The Series B Warrants are exercisable at any time and will terminate at three years from the date of issuance. Adjustments in Exercise Price . The exercise price of the Series B Warrants is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications, capital reorganizations or changes in the capital stock, dividends or distributions of assets (including any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, subdivision, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction). Registration Rights. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to register the shares of common stock in the units and the shares of common stock underlying our Series B Warrants. The Company is required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement (a Resale Registration Statement for the resale of such securities within 45 days following the closing date (the Filing Date and to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Resale Registration Statement to be declared effective within 90 days of the Filing Date. The Company may be required to pay liquidated damages if it does not meet certain deadlines with respect to its registration obligations under the Purchase Agreement or if certain other events that impact the Resale Registration Statement or its effectiveness occur. The Company also agreed to other customary obligations regarding registration, including indemnification and maintenance of the effectiveness of the Resale Registration Statement. Registration Rights Certain holders of shares of our common stock, including those shares of our common stock that were issued upon conversion of our convertible preferred stock upon the closing of our initial public offering, will be entitled to certain rights with respect to registration of such shares under the Securities Act pursuant to the terms of an Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement by and among us and certain of our stockholders (the Investors Rights Agreement ). These shares are collectively referred to herein as registrable securities. The Investors Rights Agreement provides the holders of registrable securities with demand, piggyback and S-3 registration rights as described more fully below. Under the terms of the Investors Rights Agreement, holders of registrable securities will have equivalent registration rights with respect to any additional shares of our common stock acquired by these holders. Demand Registration Rights At any time beginning 180 days following the effective date of our registration statement in connection with our IPO, the holders of at least 40 of the registrable securities then outstanding have the right to make up to two demands that we file a registration statement under the Securities Act, subject to specified conditions and exceptions. Piggyback Registration Rights If we register any securities for public sale, the holders of our registrable securities then outstanding will each be entitled to notice of the registration and will have the right to include their shares in the registration statement, subject to specified exceptions. The underwriters of any underwritten offering will have the right to limit the number of shares having registration rights to be included in such registration statement, but not below 20 of the total amount of securities included in such registration. Registration on Form S-3 If we are eligible to file a registration statement on Form S-3, the holders of at least 20 of our registrable securities then outstanding have the right to demand that we file registration statements on Form S-3, provided that the aggregate amount of securities to be sold under the registration statement is at least 1.0 million, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and specified expenses. We are not obligated to effect a demand for registration on Form S-3 by holders of our registrable securities more than one time during any 12-month period. The right to have such shares registered on Form S-3 is further subject to other specified conditions and limitations. 

 Expenses of Registration We will pay all expenses relating to any demand, piggyback or Form S-3 registration, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, subject to specified conditions and limitations. Termination of Registration Rights The demand, piggyback and Form S-3 registration rights described above will terminate on the earliest to occur of (1) the closing of a deemed liquidation event, as defined in our Certificate of Incorporation, (2) the three-year anniversary of the closing of our IPO, and (3) with respect to each stockholder, at such time as Rule 144 under the Securities Act or another similar exemption is available for the sale of all of such holder s shares without limitation during a three-month period without registration. Anti-Takeover Provisions Anti-Takeover Statute We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions: before such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder, those shares owned (1) by persons who are directors and also officers and (2) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or on or after such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. In general, Section 203 defines a business combination to include the following: any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits by or through the corporation. In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as an entity or person who, together with the person s affiliates and associates, beneficially owns, or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws Our Certificate of Incorporation provides for our board of directors to be divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms. Only one class of directors will be elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders, with the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. Because our stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights, our stockholders holding a majority of the voting power of our shares of common stock outstanding will be able to elect all of our directors. The directors may be removed by the stockholders only for cause upon the vote of holders of 66 2/3 of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. Furthermore, the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of our board of directors, and vacancies and newly created directorships on our board of directors may, except as otherwise required by law or determined by our board, only be filled by a majority vote of the directors then serving on the board, even though less than a quorum. Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that all stockholder actions must be effected at a duly called meeting of stockholders and not by a consent in writing. A special meeting of stockholders may be called only by a majority of our whole board of directors, the chair of our board of directors or our chief executive officer. Our Bylaws also provide that 

 stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide timely advance notice in writing, and specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice. Our Certificate of Incorporation further provides that the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of voting stock, voting as a single class, will be required to amend certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, including provisions relating to the structure of our board of directors, the size of the board, removal of directors, special meetings of stockholders, actions by written consent and cumulative voting. The affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of voting stock, voting as a single class, will be required to amend or repeal our Bylaws, although our Bylaws may be amended by a simple majority vote of our whole board of directors. The foregoing provisions will make it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as for another party to obtain control of our company by replacing our board of directors. Since our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. In addition, the authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change the control of our company. These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and its policies and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened acquisition of our company. These provisions are also designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal and to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy rights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control of our company or our management. As a consequence, these provisions also may inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our stock that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. Choice of Forum Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for: (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (2) any action or proceeding asserting a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers or employees to us or our stockholders; (3) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees, arising out of or pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws; (4) any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws; (5) any claim or cause of action as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and (6) any claim or cause of action against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees, governed by the internal-affairs doctrine. This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our Certificate of Incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions, and a court could find that either of the exclusive forum provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation is inapplicable or unenforceable. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. The transfer agent s address is 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 11219. Listing Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol IMNM. 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 tmb-20221231xex10d10.htm
 EX-10.10

Exhibit 10.10 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IMMUNOME, INC. HAS DETERMINED THE INFORMATION (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO IMMUNOME, INC. IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 AMENDMENT #2 TO EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT AMENDMENT #2 TO EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT (this Amendment #3 dated as of December 30, 2022 between Immunome, Inc. (the Company and Arrayjet Limited (the Arrayjet ). The parties entered into an Exclusive License Agreement effective as of June 28, 2019 (as amended, the Agreement ). The parties wish to amend the Agreement as specified in this Amendment #3. Capitalized terms used but not herein defined have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and covenants set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Development Report . Arrayjet hereby confirms that it will permit Immunome to provide a summary report pursuant to clause 3C and clause 3D of the Agreement for calendar years 2020-2022 to Arrayjet within [ ] after the date of this Amendment #3. Immunome confirms that it will provide the reports required by clause 3C and clause 3D of the Agreement starting with the reports due with respect to calendar year 2023. 
 2. Exclusivity Fee . Clause 4A(iv) of the Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
 (a) The Exclusivity Fee shall hereafter run on a calendar-year basis (each, a Year ), with the next such Recurring Exclusivity Fee applying to the Year from January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023. 
 (b) The Recurring Exclusivity Fee for the 2023 Year shall be [ ] and the Recurring Exclusivity Fee for each Year thereafter shall be [ ] unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties. The parties shall meet (including remotely) to discuss the Recurring Exclusivity Fee each Year prior to the start of the last quarter of that Year; provided, that this does not impose an obligation on the part of either party to agree to any adjustment in such Recurring Exclusivity Fee. 
 (c) Payment of the Exclusivity Fee for the 2023 Year shall be paid within [ ] of the date of this Amendment #3. It is hereby acknowledged that, given the foregoing change in the Recurring Exclusivity Fee so that it applies on a calendar-year basis, a credit in Immunome s favor in the amount of [ ] (in respect of the previously paid Recurring Exclusivity Fee running from July 1, 2022 June 30, 2023) shall be applied to the Recurring Exclusivity Fee for the 2023 Year. Accordingly, the payment from Immunome to Arrayjet pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph will be in the amount of [ ] [ ] less the [ ] credit). 
 (d) Payment of the Exclusivity Fee for the 2024 Year and each subsequent Year shall be paid quarterly in arrears, commencing with the calendar quarter ended March 31, 2024. 
 (e) For payments from and after the date of this Amendment #3, Appendix F shall no longer be applicable. 

3. Termination . Clause 7B of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated to provide as follows: 
 B. Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving at least [ ] days written and unambiguous notice of such termination to ARRAYJET, which will include a statement of the reasons for termination. ARRAYJET may terminate this Agreement upon [ ] days written notice to Licensee if Licensee, either directly or through a sublicensee or collaborator, fails to achieve [ ]. 4. Reimbursement on Certain Terminations . If the License Agreement is terminated by Immunome pursuant to clause 7B in connection with a termination of the Master Services Agreement dated as of November 8, 2016 between the parties, as amended, due to a breach of the Master Services Agreement by Arrayjet or if the License Agreement is terminated by Immunome under clause 7C on or prior to June 30, 2023, Arrayjet shall reimburse Immunome, within [ ] of termination, a pro rata portion of the Recurring Exclusivity Fee paid by Immunome to Arrayjet pursuant to Section 2(c) above based on the portion of the 2023 Year the License Agreement remained in effect. 
 5. Appendix B . Appendix B to the License Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Amended Appendix B attached hereto. 
 6. Precedence . The parties acknowledge and agree that all the terms, provisions, covenants and conditions of the Agreement shall hereafter continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms thereof, except to the extent herein amended. 
 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed by the parties on separate counterparts, both of which shall be an original and both of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date first written above. IMMUNOME, INC. ARRAYJET LIMITED By: /s/ Purnanand D. Sarma, Ph.D. By: [ ] Name. Purnanand Sarma, Ph.D. Name: [ ] Title: [ ] 

Amended Appendix B [ ] 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.12>
 4
 tmb-20221231xex10d12.htm
 EX-10.12

Exhibit 10.12 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IMMUNOME, INC. HAS DETERMINED THE INFORMATION (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO IMMUNOME, INC. IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 November 17, 2022 Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research 455 Main Street Cambridge, MA 02142 Attn: Intellectual Property Office Re: Amendment to the Exclusive Patent License Agreement between Immunome, Inc. Immunome and Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research Whitehead To Whom it May Concern: Reference is made to the Exclusive Patent License Agreement entered into between Immunome and Whitehead (the Parties on June 25, 2009 (as amended on December 17, 2009, March 21, 2013, August 21, 2017 and July 21, 2020, the License Agreement ). Capitalized terms set forth and not otherwise defined in this letter agreement (this Letter Agreement shall have the respective meanings given to them in the License Agreement, unless otherwise specified in this Letter Agreement. Immunome intends to enter into a Collaboration and Option Agreement (the Collaboration Agreement with a biopharmaceutical company (the Collaborator ), pursuant to which Immunome would receive an upfront payment and certain other payments from the Collaborator [ ], with the goal of generating antibody/target pairs Products ). [ ]. The Products constitute Discovered Products under the terms of the License Agreement. The License Agreement is due to expire on [ ]. This Letter Agreement is being executed by the Parties to set forth certain agreements between them in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Collaboration Agreement. This Letter Agreement becomes effective if and only if the Collaboration Agreement is executed and delivered by Immunome and the Collaborator, whereupon this Letter Agreement automatically becomes effective on the date of such execution and delivery of the Collaboration Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, this Letter Agreement will apply to the first Collaboration Agreement to be announced by Immunome in a Form 8-K filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission after the date of this Letter Agreement. The Parties hereby agree as follows: 1. The Collaborator is a Corporate Partner under the terms of the License Agreement because no sublicenses under the Patent Rights will be granted to the Collaborator pursuant to the terms of the Collaboration Agreement. 
 2. Pursuant to Section 4.1(h) of the License Agreement, Whitehead is entitled to [ ] during the Term of the License Agreement, provided that [ ] received by Immunome during the term of the License Agreement [ ]. Whitehead and Immunome agree that [ ] received by Immunome during the term of the License Agreement are excluded from [ ] under the terms of the License Agreement. 

Exhibit 10.12 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IMMUNOME, INC. HAS DETERMINED THE INFORMATION (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO IMMUNOME, INC. IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 3. Solely for the purpose of this Letter Agreement, [ ] for the purposes of payments to Whitehead under this Section 3. Immunome will pay to Whitehead [ ]. [ ]. Importantly, Immunome agrees to make these payments to Whitehead [ ]. This Section will survive termination or expiration of the License Agreement and Letter Agreement. 
 4. In addition to payments due under Section 3 above, Immunome agrees to pay Whitehead the following payments [ ]: 
 
 [ ] [ ] Immunome will also pay [ ]. Each party will be responsible for and bear all of its own costs and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation of this Letter Agreement. This Letter shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, excluding its conflicts of laws principles. This Letter Agreement, together with the License Agreement, constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. This Letter Agreement may not be modified except by a written instrument signed by both parties. No failure or delay of one of the parties to insist upon strict performance of any of its rights or powers under this Letter Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any other single or partial exercise of such right or power preclude any other further exercise of any rights or remedies provided by law. This Letter Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (including by email or facsimile), each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Letter Agreement constitutes an amendment to the License Agreement. Accordingly, to the extent that there is any conflict between any provision of the License Agreement and any provision of this Letter Agreement, this Letter Agreement shall control. [Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

If this Letter Agreement is acceptable to Whitehead, please indicate Whitehead s acceptance by countersigning this Letter Agreement below and returning a copy to Immunome at the above address. Yours sincerely, IMMUNOME, INC. By: /s/Purnanand Sarma, PhD Name: Purnanand Sarma, PhD Title: Chief Executive Officer ACCEPTED AND AGREED: WHITEHED INSTITUTE FOR BIOMEDICAL RESEARCH By: [ ] Name: [ ] Title: [ ] Date: _ [ ]_ _________________________________ 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.20>
 5
 tmb-20221231xex10d20.htm
 EX-10.20

Exhibit 10.20 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IMMUNOME, INC. HAS DETERMINED THE INFORMATION (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO IMMUNOME, INC. IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 March 4, 2021 Dennis Giesing, Ph.D. [ ] [ ] Re: Immunome, Inc. Employment Offer Dear Dennis: On behalf of Immunome, Inc. (the Company ), I am pleased to offer you employment as Chief Development Officer of the Company. The purpose of this letter agreement is to set forth the terms of the offer and your employment should you accept the offer. Certain capitalized terms are defined in Section 11 below. 1. Position; Duties . 
 (a) Your position will be as Chief Development Officer of the Company, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. You will render such services to the Company as are customary for your position as Chief Development Officer, subject to the oversight and direction of the Chief Executive Officer. We anticipate that the start date of your employment (the Commencement Date will be April 7, 2021, although we may mutually agree to a sooner date subject to any existing contractual obligation to which you are subject. (b) Although your employment will be based in the Company s headquarters, currently in Exton, Pennsylvania, you may perform your duties and responsibilities from your home (or other remote location approved by the Company), as long as you work from the Company s offices up to 50 of the time, as and when the Company requests. You also recognize that your position may from time to time require travel on Company business. (c) You will be a regular full-time employee of the Company and agree that, to the best of your ability and experience, you will at all times loyally and conscientiously perform all of the duties and obligations required of and from you consistent with your position and to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company. You further agree that you will devote substantially all your business time and attention to the business of the Company. You will not render business or professional services of any nature to any other person or organization, whether or not for compensation, without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer in his sole discretion; provided, we have agreed that, for a period not to exceed 90 days after the Commencement Date (extendable as mutually agreed between you and the Company), you may perform post-termination consulting services for your former employer as necessary to transition your role and responsibilities, on terms reasonably acceptable to the Company. These transition services do not alter your full-time status with the Company, and accordingly you are required to devote a 

minimum of 40 hours per week to your work for the Company. 
 (d) You will be subject to and expected to abide by the Company s policies and procedures, as these may be changed by the Company from time to time in its sole discretion. 2. Base Salary . Your annual base salary will be 375,000, prorated for any partial calendar year of your employment. Your salary will be paid in accordance with the Company s standard payroll policies. Your salary will be subject to periodic review at the Board s sole discretion, which currently takes place in conjunction with the Company s annual performance reviews. 3. Bonuses . 
 (a) Each calendar year during your employment, you will be eligible for a discretionary bonus targeted at 40 of your annual base salary. For 2021, you will be eligible for a prorated bonus based upon the fraction of the calendar year remaining from the Commencement Date. Bonus payments pursuant to this Section 3 are discretionary and will be based on achievement of Company and individual performance objectives, as determined by the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), in its sole discretion. If based on meeting the Company and individual performance objectives it is determined that you are eligible for a bonus pursuant to this Section 3, payment would be made in a single lump sum payment no later than March 15 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year to which the bonus relates, as long as you remain continuously employed by the Company through the date of payment. (b) If you accept this letter agreement, upon commencement of your employment with the Company, you will be eligible for a one-time signing bonus of 50,000. In addition, you will be eligible for a one-time retention bonus of 100,000 contingent upon you remaining employed by the Company through the one-year anniversary of the Commencement Date. Each of the bonuses in this Section 3(b), if earned, would be paid to you in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices on the payroll date immediately following the relevant even. To be eligible to receive, and to be deemed to have earned, the bonuses in this Section 3(b) (in addition to the other criteria specified above) you must remain continuously employed by the Company through the scheduled date of the bonus payment. 4. Stock Options . 
 (a) Subject to Board approval, you will be granted a stock option exercisable for up to 125,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company. Vesting will be over four years, with a one-year cliff for 25 and the remaining 75 vesting in equal monthly installments over the next 36 months; provided, that you remain employed by the Company at the time of each such vesting event. The strike price of the stock option will be the fair market value per share on the date of grant. 

All stock options will be subject to the terms of the Plan and a stock option agreement to be executed by you as a condition to the grant. The stock option agreement will provide that vesting is conditioned upon your continued employment with the Company at each applicable vesting date, subject to acceleration to the extent specified in Section 7. 5. Employee Benefits . You will be eligible for paid time off as generally applicable to other employees of similar status and service in accordance with the policies established by the Company from time to time (and the treatment of any accrued paid time off upon termination of employment will be governed by these policies). You will also be eligible to participate in the Company s other employee benefit plans as they are generally made available to other employees of similar status and service. All paid time off, insurance, retirement and other benefits are subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable plan or policy, and the Company reserves the right to change, alter or terminate at any time any plan, policy, benefit or coverage, in whole or in part, in its sole discretion. 6. Employee Covenants . As a condition of employment, you will be required to sign on or before the Commencement Date, without changing, the Company s form of Employee Confidential Information, Inventions, Non-Solicitation and Non-Competition Agreement (the Confidential Disclosure Agreement ). By accepting the offer set forth in this letter agreement, you agree that you will not bring with you to the Company, or use in any way during your employment with the Company, any confidential information, trade secrets or proprietary materials or processes of any former employer, entity or individual for which you have performed services. You further confirm that by accepting the offer set forth in this letter agreement and performing your job duties with the Company, you will not breach any contract, agreement or other instrument to which you are a party or are bound. 7. At-Will Employment; Employment Termination Benefits . 
 (a) This letter agreement does not create a contract or promise of employment for a definite period of time. Therefore, your employment will be on an at-will basis, meaning it may be terminated by either the Company or you at any time, with or without cause and with or without prior notice. We do require, however, that you give 30 days notice if you decide to terminate your employment with the Company (although the Company can elect in its sole discretion for your employment to terminate before the expiration of this 30-day period if you give such notice, and this election by the Company shall not constitute a termination without Cause for purposes of this letter agreement); you also may not resign for Good Reason if the Company has already informed you that your employment is being terminated (without limitation of any other limitations on Good Reason termination in this letter agreement). Additionally, your employment will terminate automatically upon your death or Disability. Upon termination of your employment for any reason, you will automatically be deemed to have resigned from all positions that you hold as an officer or member of the Board (or any committee thereof) of the Company or any of its affiliates and in any event you will at the Company s request execute a resignation letter to document this letter agreement. Other than as set 

forth in Sections 7(b) and 7(c) (if applicable), upon termination of your employment with the Company, you will not be entitled to any payments or benefits from the Company other than (i) payment of your base salary earned for services rendered through the date of termination, (ii) any unpaid expense reimbursement owed to you in accordance with the Company s policies, and (iii) any amount earned, accrued and arising from your participation in, or benefits accrued under, any Company employee benefit plan or policy, which amounts shall be payable in accordance with the terms and conditions of such employee benefit plans and policies. (b) In the event that you become an employee of the Company pursuant to this letter agreement and your employment thereafter is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than in the circumstances specified in Section 7(c)), then, subject to Section 7(d), the Company will continue to pay your then-applicable base salary for nine months after the date of your termination in accordance with the Company s standard payroll practices and periods. (c) In the event that you become an employee of the Company pursuant to this letter agreement and (i) a Change of Control occurs and (ii) at the time of, or within 12 months after the date of, the Change of Control your employment is terminated without Cause by the Company or the acquiring company or you resign for Good Reason then, subject to Section 7(d), the Company will (A) continue to pay your then-applicable base salary for 12 months after the date of your termination in accordance with the Company s standard payroll practices and periods; (B) accelerate any unvested portion of your then-outstanding stock options in full; (C) pay you your full bonus under Section 3 as and when the same would otherwise be payable by the Company (assuming for this purpose that all of the Company s and your individual goals were met, but subject to pro ration as described in Section 3 if termination is in calendar year 2021); and (D) provided you timely elect, and remain eligible for, continued group health plan benefits to the extent authorized by and consistent with 29 U.S.C. 1161 et seq. (commonly known as COBRA ), reimburse you for COBRA premiums in an amount such that your net cost (after tax) for continued health insurance coverage is the same as your cost for such benefits as in effect on the date of termination. The Company would make the contribution pursuant to clause (D) of the preceding sentence on a monthly basis upon receipt of your monthly COBRA premium payment; however, this reimbursement is subject to early termination if, and on the date, you become eligible for health benefits through another employer or otherwise become ineligible for COBRA. (d) You will not be eligible to receive the payments and other benefits specified in Section 7(b) or Section 7(c), as applicable, unless you (i) have returned all Company property in your possession; and (ii) have executed (and, if applicable, not revoked) a separation agreement, including a general release of all claims that you may have against the Company or persons affiliated with the Company, in the Company s standard form (the Separation Agreement ). Any such payments would, subject to the foregoing, commence within 60 days after the date of your 

separation, provided you have timely executed and returned the Separation Agreement and, if a revocation period is applicable, you have not revoked the Separation Agreement; once the payments commence, they will include any unpaid amounts accrued from the termination date. In addition, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 7, the continuation of each of the payments and other benefits pursuant to Section 7(b) or Section 7(c), as applicable, is further conditioned on: (i) the Company being financially solvent at the time that each such payment becomes due, and the Company not being rendered insolvent by virtue of making any such payment; and (ii) your continued compliance with your post- termination obligations, including those under the Confidential Disclosure Agreement, (and, if you do not so comply, (A) the Company shall no longer be obligated to make any payments or provide any other benefits pursuant to Section 7(b) or Section 7(c), as applicable, and (B) you will be required immediately to reimburse any and all payments and benefits made by the Company pursuant to either such Section, in addition to any other remedies available to the Company). For purposes of this letter agreement, the Company shall be considered solvent if it is able to pay its debts as they become due. 8. Parachute Provisions . 
 (a) If any payment or benefit you will or may receive from the Company or otherwise (a 280G Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this Section, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then any such 280G Payment provided pursuant to this letter agreement (a Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment (after reduction) being subject to the Excise Tax, or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount (i.e., the amount determined by clause (x) or by clause (y)). after taking into account all applicable federal, state, and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in your receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater economic benefit notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in a Payment is required pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause (x) of the preceding sentence, the reduction shall occur in the manner (the Reduction Method that results in the greatest economic benefit for you. If more than one method of reduction will result in the same economic benefit, the items so reduced will be reduced pro rata (the Pro Rata Reduction Method ). 
 (b) Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 8 to the contrary, if the Reduction Method or the Pro Rata Reduction Method would result in any portion of the Payment being subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A (defined below) that would not otherwise be subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A, then the Reduction Method and/or the Pro Rata Reduction Method, as the case may be, shall be modified so as to avoid the imposition of taxes pursuant to Section 409A as follows: (A) as a first priority, the modification shall preserve to the greatest extent possible, the greatest economic benefit for you as determined on an after-tax basis; (B) as a 

second priority, Payments that are contingent on future events (e.g., being terminated without Cause), shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not contingent on future events; and (C) as a third priority, Payments that are deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A. (c) Unless you and the Company agree on an alternative accounting firm or law firm, the accounting firm engaged by the Company for general tax compliance purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the Change in Control transaction shall perform the foregoing calculations. If the accounting firm so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity, or group effecting the Change in Control transaction, the Company shall appoint a nationally- recognized accounting or law firm to make the determinations required by this Section 8. The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting or law firm required to be made hereunder. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the accounting or law firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder to provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to you and the Company within 15 calendar days after the date on which your right to a 280G Payment becomes reasonably likely to occur (if requested at that time by you or the Company) or such other time as requested by you or the Company. (d) If you receive a Payment for which the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (x) of Section 8(a) and the Internal Revenue Service determines thereafter that some portion of the Payment is subject to the Excise Tax, you agree to promptly return to the Company a sufficient amount of the Payment (after reduction pursuant to clause (x) of Section 8(a)) so that no portion of the remaining Payment is subject to the Excise Tax. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (y) of Section 8(a), you shall have no obligation to return any portion of the Payment pursuant to the preceding sentence. 
 9. Section 409A . This Section is intended to help ensure that compensation paid or delivered to you pursuant to this letter agreement either is paid in compliance with, or is exempt from, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, Section 409A ): 
 (a) Any taxable reimbursement of business or other expenses, or any provision of taxable in-kind benefits to you, as specified under this letter agreement, shall be subject to the following conditions: (i) the expenses eligible for reimbursement or the amount of in-kind benefits provided in one taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or the amount of in- kind benefits provided in any other taxable year; (ii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be made no later than the end of the year after the year in which such expense was incurred; and (iii) the right to reimbursement or in- kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another 

benefit. Any reimbursement of taxes, as specified under this letter agreement, shall be paid in any event not later than the end of your taxable year next following the taxable year in which you remit the applicable taxes to the appropriate taxing authority. (b) The payment of any amounts otherwise payable to you on account of termination of employment under this letter agreement that constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and that are subject (among other conditions, if any) to a release of claims may be delayed at the discretion of the Company for up to 90 days following your termination of employment (without regard to when your release is delivered and becomes irrevocable (an Effective Release if reasonably determined by the Company to be necessary to avoid penalties under Section 409A). Regardless of any payment, however, all such amounts remain conditioned on an Effective Release such that if you fail to deliver (or revoke) your release you will forfeit and must immediately return such amounts on the Company s demand. (I) If you are deemed on the date of termination of your employment to be a specified employee , within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code and using the identification methodology selected by the Company from time to time, or if none, the default methodology, then: (x) with regard to any payment, the providing of any benefit or any distribution of equity upon your separation from service that constitutes deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, such payment, benefit or distribution shall not be made or provided prior to the earlier of the expiration of the six- month period measured from the date of your separation from service or (II) the date of your death; and (y) on the first day of the seventh month following the date of your separation from service or, if earlier, on the date of your death, all payments delayed pursuant to this Section 9(c) (whether they would otherwise have been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to you in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this letter agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal dates specified from them herein. 
 (c) In applying Section 409A to compensation paid pursuant to this letter agreement, any right to a series of installment payments under this letter agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. 10. Additional Agreements . 
 (a) You will be subject to and required to fully comply with the Company s policies and procedures, as these may be changed from time to time, and this letter agreement is subject to those policies and procedures. (b) During the term of your employment and thereafter, you shall reasonably cooperate with the Company in any internal investigation or administrative, regulatory or judicial proceeding as reasonably requested by the Company (including, without limitation, your being reasonably available to the Company 

upon reasonable notice for interviews and factual investigations, appearing at the Company s reasonable request to give testimony without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process, volunteering to the Company all pertinent information and turning over to the Company all relevant documents which are or may come into your possession, all at times and on schedules that are reasonably consistent with your other permitted activities and commitments) at reasonable times. (c) All compensation and other payments to you under this letter agreement or otherwise related to your employment are subject to applicable required tax withholding and deductions. (d) This offer expires at 7:00 p.m. (Philadelphia time) on March 5, 2021, if not accepted by then. (e) Your employment by the Company will be subject to successful completion of a pre-employment background check and documentation of eligibility to work in the United States, to be completed no later than three business days following the Commencement Date. 
 (f) This letter agreement, including the Confidential Disclosure Agreement and your stock option agreement, constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company, contain all of the terms of your employment with the Company and supersede any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written, oral or implied) between you and the Company relating to the subject matter herein. (g) The terms of this letter agreement and the resolution of any disputes as to the meaning, effect, performance or validity of this letter agreement or arising out of, related to, or in any way connected with, this letter agreement, your employment with the Company or any other relationship between you and the Company (the Disputes will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, excluding laws relating to conflicts or choice of law. You and the Company submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in connection with any Dispute or any claim related to any Dispute. 
 (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Company may terminate this offer at any time prior to the Commencement Date. 11. Defined Terms . For purposes of this letter agreement: 
 (a) Cause means that you engaged in any of the following: (i) your material breach of any provision of this letter agreement, the Confidential Disclosure Agreement or any other material agreement between you and the Company after the expiration of 10 days without cure after written notice of such breach; (ii) any act constituting dishonesty, fraud, immoral or disreputable conduct, (iii) any conduct 

which constitutes a felony under applicable law; (iv) any material violation of any Company policy or procedure; (v) refusal to follow or implement a clear, lawful and reasonable directive of the Company; (vi) gross negligence or incompetence in the performance of your duties after the expiration of 10 days without cure after written notice of such failure; or (vii) breach of fiduciary duty to the Company. (b) Change of Control has the meaning set forth in the Equity Incentive Plan. (c) Disability means (i) a condition that entitles you to receive long-term disability benefits under Company s long-term disability plan, or (ii) if there is no such plan, your inability, due to physical or mental incapacity, to perform your duties and responsibilities under this letter agreement for a total of 90 days out of any 365-day period or for 60 consecutive days. (d) Equity Incentive Plan means the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, or any future equity incentive plan adopted by the Board and then in effect. (e) Good Reason means the occurrence of one of the following events without your written consent: (i) reduction of your base salary below the amount as initially set forth herein, unless such reduction is part of a reduction of base salaries of Company executive management generally; (ii) material change or reduction in your authority, duties or responsibilities, provided, however, that: (A) a change in job title shall not be deemed a material reduction unless your new authority, duties or responsibilities are substantially changed or reduced from the prior authority, duties or responsibilities and (B) following a business combination transaction involving the Company (including, but not limited to, a Change of Control), Good Reason shall not include a reduction in authority, duties or responsibilities solely by virtue of the Company being made part of, or operating as a subsidiary or division of, a larger company or organization, as long as your new duties and responsibilities are reasonably commensurate with your experience; or (iii) your direct reporting to someone other than the Chief Executive Officer or the then-most senior officer in charge of the Company s business if at any time there is no Chief Executive Officer of the Company). In order to resign for Good Reason, you must provide written notice of the condition giving rise to Good Reason to the Board within 30 days after the initial occurrence of the condition, allow the Company 30 days to cure such condition, and if the Company fails to cure the condition within such period, your resignation must be effective not later than 10 days after the end of the Company s cure period. For purposes of this letter agreement, if the requirements of the immediately preceding sentence are not fully satisfied on a timely basis, then your resignation from the employ of the Company shall not be deemed to have been for Good Reason, you shall not be entitled to any of the benefits to which you would have been entitled if you had resigned from the employ of the Company for Good Reason, and the Company shall not be required to pay any amount or provide any benefit that would otherwise have been due to you had you resigned for Good Reason. 12. Assignment . The Company may assign this letter agreement to any person or entity, 

including, but not limited to, any successor, parent, subsidiary or affiliated entity of the Company. The Company also may assign this letter agreement in connection with any sale, reorganization, consolidation, or merger (whether of stock or assets or otherwise) of the Company or the business of the Company. You expressly consent to the assignment of the restrictions and requirements set forth in the Confidential Disclosure Agreement to any new owner of the Company s business or purchaser of the Company. You may not assign, pledge, or encumber your interest in this letter agreement, or any part thereof, without the written consent of the Company, and any attempt do so without such consent is null and void. This letter agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon you and the Company, and each of its respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs and permitted assigns. 13. Counterparts . This letter agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, both of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, and shall become a binding agreement when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. Any executed counterpart of this letter agreement may be delivered by facsimile or electronic transmission with the same effect as if delivered personally. (Signature page follows.) 

To indicate your acceptance of this letter agreement, please sign and date this letter agreement in the spaces provided below. Again, let me indicate how pleased we all are to extend this offer and how much we look forward to working with you. Sincerely, IMMUNOME, INC. By: /s/ Purnanand D Sarma Name: Purnanand D Sarma Title: President and CEO Accepted and agreed: /s/ Dennis Giesing Dennis Giesing, Ph.D. Date: 3/5/21 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 6
 tmb-20221231xex10d21.htm
 EX-10.21

Exhibit 10.21 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IMMUNOME, INC. HAS DETERMINED THE INFORMATION (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO IMMUNOME, INC. IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 June 23, 2022 Matt Robinson, PhD . [ ] [ ] Re: Dear Matt: 
 lmmunome, Inc. Employment Offer 

 On behalf of Immunome, Inc. (the Company ), I am pleased to offer you a promotion to Chief Technology Officer of the Company. The purpose of this letter agreement is to set forth the terms of your promotion should you accept the offer. Certain capitalized terms are defined in Section 11 below. 1. Position; Duties. 
 (a) Your position will be as Chief Technology Officer of the Company, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. You will render such services to the Company as are customary for your position as Chief Technology Officer, subject to the oversight and direction of the Chief Executive Officer. The start date of your promotion (the Commencement Date is June 16, 2022. (b) Your employment will be based in the Company s headquarters, currently in Exton, Pennsylvania. You also recognize that your position may from time to time require travel on Company business. (c) You will be a regular full-time employee of the Company and agree that, to the best of your ability and experience, you will at all times loyally and conscientiously perform all of the duties and obligations required of and from you consistent with your position and to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company. You further agree that you will devote substantially all your business time and attention to the business of the Company. You will not render business or professional services of any nature to any other person or organization, whether or not for compensation, without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer in his sole discretion. You will be subject to and expected to abide by the Company s policies and procedures, as these may be changed by the Company from time to time in its sole discretion. 
 2. Base Salary. Effective on the Commencement Date, your promotion will provide you with a change of annual base salary to 300,000, prorated for any partial 

calendar year of your employment. Your salary will be paid in accordance with the Company s standard payroll policies. Your salary will be subject to periodic review at the Board s sole discretion, which currently takes place in conjunction with the Company s annual performance reviews. 3. Bonuses. 
 (a) Each calendar year during your employment, you will be eligible for a discretionary bonus determined as at a percentage of your annual base salary. Effective on the Commencement Date, your promotion will provide you with a target percentage of 40 of your annual base salary. For the portion of 2022 prior to the Commencement Date, any bonus would be calculated based on your pre-promotion role. Bonus payments pursuant to this Section 3 are discretionary and will be based on achievement of Company and individual performance objectives, as determined by the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board , in its sole discretion. If based on meeting the Company and individual performance objectives it is determined that you are eligible for a bonus pursuant to this Section 3, payment would be made in a single lump sum payment no later than March 15 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year to which the bonus relates, as long as you remain continuously employed by the Company through the date of payment. 4. Stock Options. (a) The Board will consider stock option grants on an annual basis, but there is no obligation for the Board to make any grants. Your grant in 2022, if any, would take into account your promotion. All stock options will be subject to the terms of the Plan and a stock option agreement to be executed by you as a condition to the grant. The stock option agreement will provide that vesting is conditioned upon your continued employment with the Company at each applicable vesting date, subject to acceleration to the extent specified in Section 7. 5. Employee Benefits. You will continue to be eligible for paid time off as generally applicable to other employees of similar status and service in accordance with the policies established by the Company from time to time (and the treatment of any accrued paid time off upon termination of employment will be governed by these policies). You will also be eligible to participate in the Company s other employee benefit plans as they are generally made available to other employees of similar status and service. All paid time off insurance, retirement and other benefits are subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable plan or policy, and the Company reserves the right to change, alter or terminate at any time any plan, policy, benefit or coverage, in whole or in part, in its sole discretion. 

6. Employee Covenants. You are reminded that The Company s form of Employee Confidential Information, Inventions, Non-Solicitation and Non-Competition Agreement (the Confidential Disclosure Agreement previously signed by you remains in effect and will continue to govern in accordance with its terms. You also confirm your agreement that you will not bring with you to the Company or use in any way during your employment with the Company, any confidential information, trade secrets or proprietary materials or processes of any former employer, entity or individual for which you have performed services. You further confirm that by accepting the promotion set forth in this letter agreement and performing your job duties with the Company, you will not breach any contract, agreement, or other instrument to which you are a party or are bound. 
 7. At-Will Employment . (a) This letter agreement does not create a contract or promise of employment for a definite period of time. Therefore, your employment will be on an at-will basis, meaning it may be terminated by either the Company or you at any time, with or without cause and with or without prior notice. We do require, however, that you give 30 days notice if you decide to terminate your employment with the Company (although the Company can elect in its sole discretion for your employment to terminate before the expiration of this 30-day period if you give such notice, and this election by the Company shall not constitute a termination without Cause for purposes of this letter agreement); you also may not resign for Good Reason if the Company has already informed you that your employment is being terminated (without limitation of any other limitations on Good Reason termination in this letter agreement). Additionally, your employment will terminate automatically upon your death or Disability. Upon termination of your employment for any reason, you will automatically be deemed to have resigned from all positions that you hold as an officer or member of the Board (or any committee thereof) of the Company or any of its affiliates and in any event you will at the Company s request execute a resignation letter to document this letter agreement. Other than as set forth in Sections 7(b) and 7(c) (if applicable), upon termination of your employment with the Company, you will not be entitled to any payments or benefits from the Company other than (i) payment of your base salary earned for services rendered through the date of termination, (ii) any unpaid expense reimbursement owed to you in accordance with the Company s policies, and (iii) any amount earned, accrued and arising from your participation in, or benefits accrued under, any Company employee benefit plan or policy, which amounts shall be payable in accordance with the terms and conditions of such employee benefit plans and policies. (b) In the event that your employment hereafter is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than in the circumstances specified in Section 7(c)), then, subject to Section 7(d), the Company will continue to pay your then-applicable base salary for nine months after the date of your termination in 

accordance with the Company s standard payroll practices and periods. (c) In the event that (i) a Change of Control occurs and (ii) at the time of, or within 12 months after the date of, the Change of Control your employment is terminated without Cause by the Company or the acquiring company or you resign for Good Reason then, subject to Section 7(d), the Company will (A) continue to pay your then-applicable base salary for 12 months after the date of your termination in accordance with the Company s standard payroll practices and periods; (B) accelerate any unvested portion of your then-outstanding stock options in full; (C) pay you your full bonus under Section 3 as and when the same would otherwise be payable by the Company (assuming for this purpose that all of the Company s and your individual goals were met, but subject to pro ration as described in Section 3 if termination is in calendar year 2022); and (D) provided you timely elect, and remain eligible for, continued group health plan benefits to the extent authorized by and consistent with 29 U.S.C. 1161 et seq. (commonly known as COBRA ), reimburse you for COBRA premiums in an amount such that your net cost (after tax) for continued health insurance coverage is the same as your cost for such benefits as in effect on the date of termination. The Company would make the contribution pursuant to clause (D) of the preceding sentence on a monthly basis upon receipt of your monthly COBRA premium payment; however, this reimbursement is subject to early termination if, and on the date, you become eligible for health benefits through another employer or otherwise become ineligible for COBRA. (d) You will not be eligible to receive the payments and other benefits specified in Section 7(b) or Section 7(c), as applicable, unless you (i) have returned all Company property in your possession; and (ii) have executed (and, if applicable, not revoked) a separation agreement, including a general release of all claims that you may have against the Company or persons affiliated with the Company, in the Company s standard form (the Separation Agreement ). Any such payments would, subject to the foregoing, commence within 60 days after the date of your separation, provided you have timely executed and returned the Separation Agreement and, if a revocation period is applicable, you have not revoked the Separation Agreement; once the payments commence, they will include any unpaid amounts accrued from the termination date. In addition, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 7, the continuation of each of the payments and other benefits pursuant to Section 7(b) or Section 7(c), as applicable, is further conditioned on: (i) the Company being financially solvent at the time that each such payment becomes due, and the Company not being rendered insolvent by virtue of making any such payment; and (ii) your continued compliance with your post- termination obligations, including those under the Confidential Disclosure Agreement, (and, if you do not so comply, (A) the Company shall no longer be obligated to make any payments or provide any other benefits pursuant to Section 7(b) or Section 7(c), as applicable, and (B) you will be required 

immediately to reimburse any and all payments and benefits made by the Company pursuant to either such Section, in addition to any other remedies available to the Company). For purposes of this letter agreement, the Company shall be considered solvent if it is able to pay its debts as they become due. 8. Parachute Provisions. 
 (a) If any payment or benefit you will or may receive from the Company or otherwise (a 280G Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this Section, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then any such 280G Payment provided pursuant to this letter agreement (a Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment (after reduction) being subject to the Excise Tax, or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount (i.e., the amount determined by clause (x) or by clause (y)). after taking into account all applicable federal, state, and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in your receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater economic benefit notwithstanding that all or some p011ion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in a Payment is required pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause (x) of the preceding sentence, the reduction shall occur in the manner (the Reduction Method that results in the greatest economic benefit for you. If more than one method of reduction will result in the same economic benefit, the items so reduced will be reduced pro rata (the Pro Rata Reduction Method ). (b) Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 8 to the contrary, if the Reduction Method or the Pro Rata Reduction Method would result in any portion of the Payment being subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A (defined below) that would not otherwise be subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A, then the Reduction Method and/or the Pro Rata Reduction Method, as the case may be, shall be modified so as to avoid the imposition of taxes pursuant to Section 409A as follows: (A) as a first priority, the modification shall preserve to the greatest extent possible, the greatest economic benefit for you as determined on an after-tax basis; (B) as a second priority, Payments that are contingent on future events (e.g., being terminated without Cause), shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not contingent on future events; and (C) as a third priority, Payments that are defined compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A. (c) Unless you and the Company agree on an alternative accounting firm or law firm, the accounting firm engaged by the Company for general tax compliance purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the Change in 

Control transaction shall perform the foregoing calculations. If the accounting firm so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity, or group effecting the Change in Control transaction, the Company shall appoint a nationally recognized accounting or law firm to make the determinations required by this Section 8. The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting or law firm required to be made hereunder. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the accounting or law firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder to provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to you and the Company within 15 calendar days after the date on which your right to a 280G Payment becomes reasonably likely to occur (if requested at that time by you or the Company) or such other time as requested by you or the Company. (d) If you receive a Payment for which the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (x) of Section 8(a) and the Internal Revenue Service determines thereafter that some portion of the Payment is subject to the Excise Tax, you agree to promptly return to the Company a sufficient amount of the Payment (after reduction pursuant to clause (x) of Section 8(a)) so that no portion of the remaining Payment is subject to the Excise Tax. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (y) of Section 8(a), you shall have no obligation to return any portion of the Payment pursuant to the preceding sentence. 
 9. Section 409A. This Section is intended to help ensure that compensation paid or delivered to you pursuant to this letter agreement either is paid in compliance with, or is exempt from, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, Section 409A ): 
 (a) Any taxable reimbursement of business or other expenses, or any provision of taxable in-kind benefits to you, as specified under this letter agreement, shall be subject to the following conditions: (i) the expenses eligible for reimbursement or the amount of in-kind benefits provided in one taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or the amount of in kind benefits provided in any other taxable year; (ii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be made no later than the end of the year after the year in which such expense was incurred; and (iii) the right to reimbursement or in kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. Any reimbursement of taxes, as specified under this letter agreement, shall be paid in any event not later than the end of your taxable year next following the taxable year in which you remit the applicable taxes to the appropriate taxing authority. (b) The payment of any amounts otherwise payable to you on account of termination of employment under this letter agreement that constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and that are 

subject (among other conditions, if any) to a release of claims may be delayed at the discretion of the Company for up to 90 days following your termination of employment (without regard to when your release is delivered and becomes irrevocable (an Effective Release if reasonably determined by the Company to be necessary to avoid penalties under Section 409A). Regardless of any payment, however, all such amounts remain conditioned on an Effective Release such that if you fail to deliver (or revoke) your release you will forfeit and must immediately return such amounts on the Company s demand. 
 (I) If you are deemed on the date of termination of your employment to be a specified employee , within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code and using the identification methodology selected by the Company from time to time, or if none, the default methodology, then: (x) with regard to any payment, the providing of any benefit or any distribution of equity upon your separation from service that constitutes deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, such payment, benefit or distribution shall not be made or provided prior to the earlier of the expiration of the six month period measured from the date of your separation from service or (II) the date of your death; and (y) on the first day of the seventh month following the date of your separation from service or, if earlier, on the date of your death, all payments delayed pursuant to this Section 9(c) (whether they would otherwise have been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to you in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this letter agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal dates specified from them herein. 
 
 (c) In applying Section 409A to compensation paid pursuant to this letter agreement, any right to a series of installment payments under this letter agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. 
 10. Additional Agreements. 
 (a) You will be subject to and required to fully comply with the Company s policies and procedures, as these may be changed from time to time, and this letter agreement is subject to those policies and procedures. (b) During the term of your employment and thereafter, you shall reasonably cooperate with the Company in any internal investigation or administrative, regulatory or judicial proceeding as reasonably requested by the Company (including, without limitation, your being reasonably available to the Company upon reasonable notice for interviews and factual investigations, appearing at the Company s reasonable request to give testimony without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process, volunteering to the Company all pertinent information and turning over to the 

Company all relevant documents which are or may come into your possession, all at times and on schedules that are reasonably consistent with your other permitted activities and commitments) at reasonable times . (c) All compensation and other payments to you under this letter agreement or otherwise related to your employment are subject to applicable required tax withholding and deductions. (d) This offer expires at 7:00 p.m. (Philadelphia time) on June 30th, if not accepted by then. (e) This letter agreement, including the Confidential Disclosure Agreement and your stock option agreement, constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company, contain all of the terms of your employment with the Company and supersede any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written, oral or implied) between you and the Company relating to the subject matter herein. Without limitation of the foregoing, all prior offer letters, promotion letters and other terms of your employment (except the Confidential Disclosure Agreement) are superseded by this letter agreement. 
 
 (f) The terms of this letter agreement and the resolution of any disputes as to the meaning, effect, performance or validity of this letter agreement or arising out of, related to, or in any way connected with, this letter agreement, your employment with the Company or any other relationship between you and the Company (the Disputes will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, excluding laws relating to conflicts or choice of law. You and the Company submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in connection with any Dispute or any claim related to any Dispute. 

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Company may terminate this offer at any time prior to the Commencement Date. 11. Defined Terms. For purposes of this letter agreement: (a) Cause means that you engaged in any of the following: (i) your material breach of any provision of this letter agreement, the Confidential Disclosure Agreement or any other material agreement between you and the Company after the expiration of 10 days without cure after written notice of such breach; (ii) any act constituting dishonesty, fraud, immoral or disreputable conduct, (iii) any conduct 
 which constitutes a felony under applicable law; (iv) any material violation of any Company policy or procedure; (v) refusal to follow or implement a clear, lawful and reasonable directive of the Company; (vi) gross 

negligence or incompetence in the performance of your duties after the expiration of 10 days without cure after written notice of such failure; or (vii) breach of fiduciary duty to the Company. (b) Change of Control has the meaning set forth in the Equity Incentive Plan. (c) Disability means (i) a condition that entitles you to receive long-term disability benefits under Company s long-term disability plan, or (ii) if there is no such plan, your inability, due to physical or mental incapacity, to perform your duties and responsibilities under this letter agreement for a total of 90 days out of any 365-day period or for 60 consecutive days. 
 (d) Equity Incentive Plan means the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, or any future equity incentive plan adopted by the Board and then in effect. 
 (e) Good Reason means the occurrence of one of the following events without your written consent: (i) reduction of your base salary below the amount as initially set forth herein, unless such reduction is part of a reduction of base salaries of Company executive management generally; (ii) material change or reduction in your authority, duties or responsibilities, provided, however, that: (A) a change in job title shall not be deemed a material reduction unless your new authority, duties or responsibilities are substantially changed or reduced from the prior authority, duties or responsibilities and (B) following a business combination transaction involving the Company (including, but not limited to, a Change of Control), Good Reason shall not include a reduction in authority, duties or responsibilities solely by virtue of the Company being made part of, or operating as a subsidiary or division of, a larger company or organization, as long as your new duties and responsibilities are reasonably commensurate with your experience; or (iii) your direct reporting to someone other than the Chief Executive Officer or the then-most senior officer in charge of the Company s business if at any time there is no Chief Executive Officer of the Company). In order to resign for Good Reason, you must provide written notice of the condition giving rise to Good Reason to the Board within 30 days after the initial occurrence of the condition, allow the Company 30 days to cure such condition, and if the Company fails to cure the condition within such period, your resignation must be effective not later than 10 days after the end of the Company s cure period. For purposes of this letter agreement, if the requirements of the immediately preceding sentence are not fully satisfied on a timely basis, then your resignation from the employ of the Company shall not be deemed to have been for Good Reason, you shall not be entitled to any of the benefits to which you would have been entitled if you had resigned from the employ of the Company for Good Reason, and the Company shall not be required to pay any amount or provide any benefit that would otherwise have been due to you had you resigned for Good Reason. 

12. Assignment. The Company may assign this letter agreement to any person or entity, including, but not limited to, any successor, parent, subsidiary or affiliated entity of the Company. The Company also may assign this letter agreement in connection with any sale, reorganization, consolidation, or merger (whether of stock or assets or otherwise) of the Company or the business of the Company. You expressly consent to the assignment of the restrictions and requirements set forth in the Confidential Disclosure Agreement to any new owner of the Company s business or purchaser of the Company. You may not assign, pledge, or encumber your interest in this letter agreement, or any part thereof, without the written consent of the Company, and any attempt do so without such consent is null and void. This letter agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon you and the Company, and each of its respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs and permitted assigns. 
 13. Counterparts. This letter agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, both of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become a binding agreement when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. Any executed counterpart of this letter agreement may be delivered by facsimile or electronic transmission with the same effect as if delivered personally. (Signature page follows.) 

To indicate your acceptance of this letter agreement, please sign and date this letter agreement in the spaces provided below. Again, let me indicate how pleased we all are to extend this offer and how much we look forward to working with you. Sincerely, By: /s/ Purnanand Sarma Name: Purnanand Sarma, PhD Title: President Chief Executive Officer Date: 6/29/2022 Signature: /s/ Matt Robinson Matt Robinson, PhD Date: 29 June 2022 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.24>
 7
 tmb-20221231xex10d24.htm
 EX-10.24

Exhibit 10.24 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IMMUNOME, INC. HAS DETERMINED THE INFORMATION (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO IMMUNOME, INC. IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT 1. CONTRACT ID CODE PAGE OF PAGES 1 2 2. AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION NO. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE 4. REQUISITION/PURCHASE REQ. NO. 5. PROJECT NO. (if applicable) P00004 27-Dec-2022 SEE SCHEDULE 6. ISSUED BY CODE W911SR 7. ADMINISTERED BY (If other than item 6) CODE W911SR ACC-APG EDGEWOOD ACC-APG EDGEWOOD 110 THOMAS JOHNSON DR 8456 BRIGADE STREET FREDERICK MD 21702 APG MD 21010 8. NAME AND ADDRESS OF CONTRACTOR (No., Street, County, State and Zip Code) IMMUNOME, INC. 665 STOCKTON DR STE 300 EXTON PA 19341-1139 9A. AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION NO. 9B. DATED (SEE ITEM 11) X 10A. MOD. OF CONTRACT/ORDER NO. W911QY2090019 X 10B. DATED (SEE ITEM 13) 03-Jul-2020 CODE 4U3X6 FACILITY CODE 11. THIS ITEM ONLY APPLIES TO AMENDMENTS OF SOLICITATIONS The above numbered solicitation is amended as set forth in Item 14. The hour and date specified for receipt of Offer is extended is not extended Offer must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended by one of the following methods: (a) By completing Items 8 and 15, and returning copies of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer submitted; or (c) By separate letter or telegram which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment numbers. FAILURE OF YOUR ACKNOWLEDGMENT TO BE RECEIVED AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED MAY RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted, such change may be made by telegram or letter, provided each telegram or letter makes reference to the solicitation and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified. 12. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA (If required) 13. THIS ITEM APPLIES ONLY TO MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS. IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NO. AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14. A.THIS CHANGE ORDER IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO: (Specify authority) THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A. B.THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONT RACT /ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES (such as changes in paying office, appropriation date, etc.) SET FORTH IN ITEM 14, PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF FAR 43.103(B). C.THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO AUTHORITY OF: X D.OTHER (Specify type of modification and authority) In accordance w ith Article 5 of the agreement. E. IMPORTANT : Contractor is not, is required to sign this document and return 1 copies to the issuing office. 14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT /MODIFICATION (Organized by UCF section headings, including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.) Modification Control Number: bbatista23309 The purpose of this modification is to extend the completion date under CLIN 0001 from 30 December 2022 to 31 July 2023, at no additional cost to Government. All other terms and conditions remain the same and in full force and effect. Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item 9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force and effect. 15A. NAME AND TITLE OF SIGNER (Type or print) 16A. NAME AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER (Type or print) Purnanand Sarma CEO TEL [ ] EMAIL [ ] 15B 15C. DATE SIGNED 16B. 16C. DATE SIGNED /s/ Purnanand Sarma 1/3/2023 BY [ ] (Signature of person authorized to sign) (Signature of Contracting Officer) 4 Jan 2023 

EXCEPTION TO SF 30 30-105-04 STANDARD FORM 30 (Rev. 10-83) APPROVED BY OIRM 11-84 Prescribed by GSA FAR (48 CFR) 53.243 

W911QY2090019 (bbatista23309) Page 2 of 2 SECTION SF 30 BLOCK 14 CONTINUATION PAGE SUMMARY OF CHANGES SECTION SF 30 - BLOCK 14 CONTINUATION PAGE The following have been added by full text: P00004 A. The purpose of this modification is to extend the completion date under CLIN 0001 from [ ] to [ ], at no additional cost to Government. B. The parties hereby agree that changes effected by this modification constitute both the consideration and the equitable adjustment due under any clause of this agreement resulting from the incorporation of the changes denoted in paragraph A of this modification. C. All other terms and conditions remain the same and in full force and effect. 
 SECTION F - DELIVERIES OR PERFORMANCE The following Delivery Schedule item for CLIN 0001 has been changed from: 

DELIVERY DATE QUANTITY SHIP TO ADDRESS DODAAC / CAGE [ ] N/A FOB: Destination To: DELIVERY DATE QUANTITY SHIP TO ADDRESS DODAAC / CAGE [ ] N/A FOB: Destination 
 (End of Summary of Changes) 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.29>
 8
 tmb-20221231xex10d29.htm
 EX-10.29

Exhibit 10.29 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IMMUNOME, INC. HAS DETERMINED THE INFORMATION (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO IMMUNOME, INC. IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 COLLABORATION AND OPTION AGREEMENT by and between IMMUNOME, INC. AND ABBVIE GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LTD. Dated as of January 4, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS 1 
 ARTICLE 2 DEVELOPMENT; OPTION 22 
 2.1 Research Plan 22 
 2.2 Stages of the Research Plan. 22 
 2.3 VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs 26 
 2.4 Conduct of Research Activities. 26 
 2.5 IP Assignment Obligation 28 
 2.6 Options. 28 
 2.7 Activities under Research Plan after Option Effective Date 29 
 2.8 HSR. 29 
 2.9 No Exercise of Option. 30 
 2.10 Substitution Rights. 30 
 2.11 Target Disclosures 31 
 ARTICLE 3 MANAGEMENT OF THE RESEARCH 33 
 3.1 Joint Research Committee 33 
 3.2 Responsibilities 33 
 3.3 Meetings and Minutes 34 
 3.4 Procedural Rules 34 
 3.5 Decision-Making 35 
 3.6 Alliance Managers 35 
 3.7 Discontinuation of the JRC. 35 
 3.8 Interactions Between the JRC and Internal Teams 35 
 3.9 Working Groups 36 
 3.10 Expenses 36 
 3.11 Authority 36 
 ARTICLE 4 ASSIGNMENT OF OPTION PACKAGE ASSETS; LICENSE GRANTS 36 
 4.1 Assignment and License Grants to AbbVie. 36 
 4.2 Substituted VTPs. 37 
 4.3 Sublicensing Rights 38 
 4.4 No Other Rights 38 
 ARTICLE 5 ABBVIE ACTIVITIES 38 
 5.1 AbbVie Development and Commercialization 38 
 ARTICLE 6 GENERAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO ACTIVITIES 38 
 6.1 Compliance 38 
 6.2 Subcontracting. 38 
 6.3 Records and Reports. 39 

ARTICLE 7 UPFRONT FEE; MILESTONES AND ROYALTIES; PAYMENTS 39 
 7.1 Upfront Fee 39 
 7.2 One-Time Platform Access Payments. 39 
 7.3 Option Exercise Fee 40 
 7.4 Development Milestone Payments. 40 
 7.5 Commercial Milestone Payments 41 
 7.6 Sales-Based Milestone Payments 42 
 7.7 Royalties. 43 
 7.8 Estimated Sales Levels 44 
 7.9 Third Party Licenses 44 
 7.10 Floor on Royalty Reductions 44 
 7.11 Reports; Royalty Payments 44 
 7.12 Financial Records 45 
 7.13 Audit; Audit Dispute. 45 
 7.14 Methods of Payments 45 
 7.15 Taxes. 46 
 7.16 In-License Agreements. 47 
 ARTICLE 8 EXCLUSIVITY 47 
 8.1 Immunome Exclusivity Obligation. 47 
 8.2 Limitations to Exclusivity 48 
 ARTICLE 9 BUY-BACK OPTION; RIGHT OF FIRST NEGOTIATION 48 
 9.1 General 48 
 9.2 Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option. 49 
 9.3 ROFN Transaction Notice 50 
 9.4 Exercise of ROFN 50 
 9.5 ROFN Transaction 50 
 ARTICLE 10 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 50 
 10.1 Ownership of Intellectual Property; Disclosure. 50 
 10.2 Patent Prosecution and Maintenance. 51 
 10.3 Patent Enforcement. 52 
 10.4 Invalidity or Unenforceability Defenses or Actions. 53 
 10.5 Cooperation 53 
 10.6 Infringement Claims by Third Parties 54 
 10.7 Product Trademarks 54 
 10.8 Inventor s Remuneration 55 
 10.9 International Nonproprietary Name 55 
 ARTICLE 11 CONFIDENTIALITY 55 
 11.1 Product Information. 55 
 11.2 Confidentiality Obligations; Exceptions 55 
 11.3 Permitted Disclosures. 56 
 11.4 Use of Name 57 
 11.5 Public Announcements 57 

11.6 Publications 58 
 11.7 Return of Confidential Information 58 
 11.8 Survival 58 
 ARTICLE 12 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 58 
 12.1 Representations and Warranties of Both Parties 58 
 12.2 Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Immunome 59 
 12.3 Covenants of Immunome 64 
 12.4 Disclaimer 64 
 12.5 Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Compliance 64 
 12.6 Bring Down Limitations 64 
 ARTICLE 13 INDEMNIFICATION; INSURANCE 64 
 13.1 Indemnification by AbbVie 64 
 13.2 Indemnification by Immunome 65 
 13.3 Procedure. 66 
 13.4 Insurance 67 
 13.5 Limitation of Liability 68 
 ARTICLE 14 TERM AND TERMINATION 68 
 14.1 Term 68 
 14.2 Termination. 68 
 14.3 Modification in Lieu of Termination 70 
 14.4 Effects of Termination of Agreement. 70 
 14.5 Accrued Rights; Surviving Provisions of the Agreement. 71 
 ARTICLE 15 MISCELLANEOUS 72 
 15.1 Governing Law; Service. 72 
 15.2 Dispute Resolution 72 
 15.3 Assignment. 73 
 15.4 Force Majeure 74 
 15.5 Notices 74 
 15.6 Export Clause 75 
 15.7 Waiver; Non-Exclusion of Remedies 75 
 15.8 Further Assurance 76 
 15.9 Severability 76 
 15.10 Equitable Relief. 76 
 15.11 Entire Agreement; Amendments 77 
 15.12 Relationship of the Parties 77 
 15.13 Headings; Construction; Interpretation 77 
 15.14 Books and Records 78 
 15.15 English Language 78 
 15.16 Parties in Interest 78 
 15.17 Counterparts 78 

EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES Exhibit A Research Plan Schedule 1.105 Existing Immunome Background Patents Schedule 11.5 Form of Press Release Schedule 12.2 Immunome Disclosure Schedule Schedule 12.2.5 Existing Patent Rights Schedule 12.2.6 Existing Platform In-License Agreements Schedule 12.2.7 Existing Product In-License Agreements Schedule 15.2.2 ADR Procedures 

COLLABORATION AND OPTION AGREEMENT This COLLABORATION AND OPTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into and made effective as of January 4, 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between Immunome, Inc. , a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, having a place of business at 665 Stockton Drive, Suite 300, Exton, PA 19341 Immunome ), and AbbVie Global Enterprises Ltd. , a limited company organized under the laws of Bermuda, having its principal place of business at Thistle House, 4 Burnaby Street, Hamilton Pembroke HM 11, Bermuda AbbVie ). Immunome and AbbVie shall be referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties . RECITALS WHEREAS, Immunome has developed a proprietary discovery platform technology for identifying Antibodies and corresponding Novel Targets (each as defined below); WHEREAS, AbbVie possesses expertise in the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of human pharmaceuticals; and WHEREAS, Immunome and AbbVie desire to engage in a collaborative effort pursuant to which Immunome will carry out certain research activities set forth in a Research Plan (as defined below) and pursuant to which AbbVie will have an option to purchase certain Option Package Assets (as defined below) and license certain other intellectual property rights arising from Immunome s research activities under the Research Plan, in each case, as set forth in, and subject to the terms of, this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS
 As used in this Agreement, the following terms will have the meanings set forth in this ARTICLE 1 (Definitions) unless context dictates otherwise: 1.1 Abandoned VTP has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs).
 1.2 Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Notice has the meaning set forth Section 9.2.1 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option).
 1.3 Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Period has the meaning set forth Section 9.2.1 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option).
 1.4 Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Fee has the meaning set forth Section 9.2.1 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option).
 1.5 Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option has the meaning set forth Section 9.2.1 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option).
 1.6 Abandoned VTP Development Costs has the meaning set forth Section 9.2.1 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option).

1.7 Abandoned VTP Lead Generation Completion Date has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.1 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option). 
 1.8 Abandoned VTP Package has the meaning set forth Section 9.2.1 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option). 
 1.9 Abandoned VTP Research Program IP has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.1 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option).
 1.10 AbbVie has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.
 1.11 AbbVie Background IP means AbbVie Background Know-How and AbbVie Background Patents.
 1.12 AbbVie Background Know-How means all information (including regulatory data, files, approvals and other documentation) and Know-How, other than Research Know-How, that is (a) Controlled by AbbVie or any of its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or at any time during the Term, (b) is not generally known, and (c) is necessary for Immunome to perform the allocated activities under the Research Plan.
 1.13 AbbVie Background Patents means all of the Patent Rights other than Research Patents that (a) are Controlled by AbbVie or any of its Affiliates during the Term and (b) are necessary or useful (or, with respect to patent applications, would be necessary or useful if such patent applications were to issue as patents) for the conduct of the Research Plan or Exploitation of the Option Package Assets, Identified Antibody or Product.
 1.14 AbbVie Improvement Patents has the meaning set forth in Section 1.14 (AbbVie Improvements).
 1.15 AbbVie Improvements means (a) all Research Know-How that (i) constitutes an improvement to the AbbVie Background IP, (ii) is conceived, reduced to practice, generated, discovered, developed or otherwise made [ ] , and (iii) does not include, or rely upon the use of, any Confidential Information of Immunome, and (b) all Patent Rights that claim such Research Know-How described in the foregoing subclause (a) (such Patent Rights, the AbbVie Improvement Patents ). 
 1.16 AbbVie Prosecuted Patents has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.4(a) (Research Patents).
 1.17 AbbVie Supplies has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.5 (AbbVie Supplies). 
 1.18 Academic Research Disclosure has the meaning set forth in Section 1.96 (High Impact Disclosure).
 1.19 Accounting Standards means, with respect to a Party or its Affiliates or its or their (sub)licensees/Licensees/Sublicensees, United States generally accepted accounting principles or International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, as applicable, in each case, which are currently used at the relevant time and consistently applied by the applicable Party or its Affiliates or its or their (sub)licensees/Licensees/Sublicensees.
 1.20 Additional Proposed VTP means any Proposed VTP presented by Immunome following delivery to AbbVie of the minimum number of VTPs for a given Stage.

1.21 ADR has the meaning set forth in Section 15.2.1 (General).
 1.22 Adverse Ruling has the meaning set forth in Section 14.2.1(b) (Disagreement as to Material Breach).
 1.23 Affiliate means, with respect to a Person, any Person that, directly or indirectly through one (1) or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such first Person for so long as such Person controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such first Person, regardless of whether such Affiliate is or becomes an Affiliate on or after the Effective Date. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if it (a) owns, directly or indirectly, beneficially or legally, more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding voting securities or capital stock of such other Person, or has other comparable ownership interests with respect to any Person other than a corporation; or (b) has the power, whether pursuant to Contract, ownership of securities or otherwise, to direct the management and policies of such other Person.
 1.24 Aggregate Minimum VTP Obligation means the delivery by Immunome (taken in the aggregate across Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3) of complete Data Packages for (a) [ ] Validated Target Pairs [ ] . 
 1.25 Agreement has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.
 1.26 Alliance Manager has the meaning set forth in Section 3.6 (Alliance Managers).
 1.27 Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 7.15.2 (Withholding Taxes).
 1.28 Annual Net Sales means, with respect to a Product, the total Net Sales of such Product in the Territory in a particular Calendar Year.
 1.29 Annual Net Sales Milestone Threshold has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6 (Sales-Based Milestone Payments).
 1.30 Annual Net Sales-Based Milestone Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6 (Sales-Based Milestone Payments).
 1.31 Annual Net Sales-Based Milestone Table has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6 (Sales-Based Milestone Payments).
 1.32 Antibody means any polypeptide, including full immunoglobulin molecules (such as IgG, IgM, IgE, IgA, and IgD molecules), single chain immunoglobulin molecules (such as VHH, VHH-Fc, or engineered single cell IgG molecules), and immunoglobulin fragments (such as ScFv, Fv, and Fab molecules), that has a paratope by virtue of which the polypeptide specifically binds to an antigen, molecule, immunogen, or hapten, and wherein the paratope contains a functionally operating region of an antibody variable region (such as a heavy chain complementarity determining region or a light chain complementarity determining region), and includes any naturally-occurring, engineered, or recombinant form of any such polypeptide (including, without limitation, any chimeric, humanized, human, non-human, monovalent, divalent, polyvalent, monospecific, bispecific, and multispecific), polynucleotides and/or amino acids encoding such polypeptide, and mutations to relevant backbones.
 1.33 Audit Expert has the meaning set forth in Section 7.13.2 (Audit Dispute).

1.34 Available Substitute VTP has the meaning set forth in Section 2.9.1 (No Exercise of Option). 
 1.35 Bankruptcy Code has the meaning set forth in Section 15.3.3 (Applicability of 11 U.S.C. 365(n)).
 1.36 Bayh-Dole Act means the Patent and Trademark Law Amendments Act of 1980, as amended, codified at 35 U.S.C. 200-212, as amended, as well as any regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, including in 37 C.F.R. Part 401.
 1.37 Biosimilar Product means, with respect to a Product in a Country, any biological product sold by a Third Party (other than a Party or its licensee/Licensee, sublicensee/Sublicensee or a Person authorized by such Party or any of its Affiliates, licensee/Licensees, or sublicensee/Sublicensees) that (a) has been granted a Regulatory Approval as a biosimilar or interchangeable product by the FDA pursuant to Section 351(a) or 351(k) of the Public Health Service Act (PHSA), as may be amended, or any subsequent or superseding law, statute, or regulation, with such Product being the reference product for the grant of such Regulatory Approval; (b) has been granted a Regulatory Approval in the EU or any member state thereof as a generic medicinal product or a similar biological medicinal product with such Product as the reference medicinal product pursuant to Directive 2001/83/EC, as may be amended, or any subsequent or superseding law, statute, or regulation; or (c) has otherwise received Regulatory Approval as a biosimilar or interchangeable product from any applicable Regulatory Authority in such Country, with such Product being the reference product for the grant of such Regulatory Approval.
 1.38 BLA means a Biologics License Application (as more fully defined in 42 U.S.C. 262, 21 C.F.R. 601.2(a), as amended from time to time) submitted to the FDA, or any foreign counterpart to the foregoing filed with any Regulatory Authority outside of the United States, in each case, including all amendments and supplements thereto.
 1.39 Board of Directors has the meaning set forth in Section 1.45 (Change of Control).
 1.40 Breaching Party has the meaning set forth in Section 14.2.1(a) (Material Breach).
 1.41 Business Day means a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which banking institutions in New York, New York, United States are open for business.
 1.42 Calendar Quarter means a period of three (3) consecutive months ending on the last day of March, June, September, or December, respectively, except that the first Calendar Quarter of the Term shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the day immediately prior to the first to occur of January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 after the Effective Date and the last Calendar Quarter shall end on the last day of the Term.
 1.43 Calendar Year means a period of twelve (12) consecutive months beginning on January 1 and ending on December 31, except that the first Calendar Year of the Term shall commence on the Effective Date and end on December 31 of the year in which the Effective Date occurs and the last Calendar Year of the Term shall commence on January 1 of the year in which the Term ends and end on the last day of the Term.
 1.44 CDA has the meaning set forth in Section 15.11 (Entire Agreement; Amendments).
 1.45 Change of Control with respect to a Party, shall be deemed to have occurred if any of the following occurs after the Effective Date:

1.45.1 any person or group (as such terms are defined below) (a) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined below), directly or indirectly, of shares of capital stock or other interests (including partnership interests) of such Party then outstanding and normally entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the directors, managers or similar supervisory positions Voting Stock of such Party representing more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of all outstanding classes of Voting Stock of such Party or (b) has the power, directly or indirectly, to elect a majority of the members of the Party s board of directors, or similar governing body Board of Directors the Parties acknowledge that in the case of certain entities organized under the Laws of certain countries outside of the United States, the maximum percentage ownership permitted by Law for a foreign investor may be less than fifty percent (50 ), and that in such case such lower percentage shall be substituted in the preceding sentence, provided that such foreign investor has the power to direct the management or policies of such entity; or
 1.45.2 such Party enters into a merger, consolidation or similar transaction with another Person (whether or not such Party is the surviving entity) and as a result of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction (a) the members of the Board of Directors of such Party immediately prior to such transaction constitute less than a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of such Party or such surviving Person immediately following such transaction or (b) the Persons that beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, the shares of Voting Stock of such Party immediately prior to such transaction cease to beneficially own, directly or indirectly, shares of Voting Stock of such Party representing at least a majority of the total voting power of all outstanding classes of Voting Stock of the surviving Person immediately prior to such transaction.
 
 For the purpose of this definition of Change of Control, (a) person and group have the meanings given such terms under Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the term group includes any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of securities within the meaning of Rule 13d 5(b)(1) under the said Act; (b) a beneficial owner shall be determined in accordance with Rule 13d 3 under the aforesaid Act; and (c) the terms beneficially owned and beneficially own shall have meanings corresponding to that of beneficial owner. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following will not constitute a Change of Control: (i) a sale of capital stock to underwriters in an underwritten public offering of a Party s capital stock solely for the purpose of financing, or (ii) the acquisition of securities of a Party by any Person or group of Persons in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for such Party through the issuance of equity securities. 1.46 Clinical Data means all information made, collected, or otherwise generated under or in connection with Clinical Trials (including Phase 4 Clinical Trials) for any Product, including any data (including raw data), reports, and results with respect thereto.
 1.47 Clinical Trial means any study in which human subjects or patients are dosed with a Product, whether approved or investigational.
 1.48 Collaboration Tumor Types means [ ] .
 1.49 Combination Product means a Product that contains an Identified Antibody as an active ingredient, together with one (1) or more other active ingredients that are not Identified Antibodies, which is sold either as a fixed dose/unit or as separate doses/units in a single package . [ ] .
 1.50 Commercial Milestone Event has the meaning set forth in Section 7.5 (Commercial Milestone Payments).

1.51 Commercial Milestone Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 7.5 (Commercial Milestone Payments).
 1.52 Commercialization and Commercialize means any and all activities related to the preparation for sale of, offering for sale of, or sale of a Product, including activities related to marketing, promoting, distributing, importing and exporting such Product, and, for purposes of setting forth the rights and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement, shall be deemed to include interacting with Regulatory Authorities or other Governmental Authorities regarding any of the foregoing. When used as a verb, to Commercialize and Commercializing means to engage in Commercialization, and Commercialized has a corresponding meaning.
 1.53 Commercially Reasonable Efforts means, with respect to the efforts and resources to be expended by Immunome with respect to any objective, activity or decision to be undertaken, [ ] that would be comparable with the efforts and resources normally used in the biotechnology industry for research and development of novel biopharmaceutical products. Without limiting the foregoing, Commercially Reasonable Efforts includes, with respect to an obligation, that [ ] . 
 1.54 Competing Program means, individually or collectively (as the context requires), a Tumor Type Competing Program or Target Pair Competing Program.
 1.55 Confidential Information means any information or data that is made available and accessed or provided, whether orally, visually, in writing, or in any other form, by or on behalf of one (1) Party (or an Affiliate or Representative of such Party) to the other Party (or to an Affiliate or Representative of such Party) in connection with this Agreement, whether prior to, on, or after the Effective Date, including information or data provided by or on behalf of a Party as set forth in the Research Plan, or generated under the Research Plan, information relating to the terms of this Agreement, an Identified Antibody, or a Product, or any Exploitation of a Product, any Know-How with respect thereto developed by or on behalf of the disclosing Party or its Affiliates, or the scientific, regulatory or business affairs or other activities of either Party . In addition, each Party s confidential information under the CDA will be deemed to be such Party s Confidential Information under this Agreement . Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) the existence and terms of this Agreement, will be deemed to be the Confidential Information of both Parties, and both Parties shall be deemed to be the receiving Party and the disclosing Party with respect thereto [ ] .
 1.56 Contract means any written legally binding contract, agreement, instrument, commitment or undertaking (including leases, licenses, mortgages, notes, guarantees, sublicenses, subcontracts and purchase orders).
 1.57 Control means, subject to Section 15.3.2 (Assignment) and Section 7.16 (In-License Agreements), with respect to a Person and any material (including Materials), Know-How, Patent Right or other Intellectual Property Right, the possession by such Person or any of its Affiliates of the right, whether through ownership or license (other than by a license under this Agreement), to grant the licenses, sublicenses or other rights as provided herein without violating the terms of any agreement or other arrangement with any Third Party. Controlled will have a corresponding meaning.
 1.58 Convicted Individual or Convicted Entity means an individual or entity, as applicable, who has been convicted of a criminal offense that falls within the ambit of 21 U.S.C. 335a (a) or 42 U.S.C. 1320a 7(a), but has not yet been excluded, debarred, suspended or otherwise declared ineligible.
 1.59 Country means a country or other jurisdiction, as applicable, in the Territory.

1.60 Data Package means, with respect to a given Proposed VTP or Validated Target Pair (including, for clarity, any Abandoned VTP for which AbbVie has exercised its Option pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs) or the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option), a data package containing: (a) all [ ] that (i) comprises any deliverables set forth in the Research Plan and applicable to such Proposed VTP, Abandoned VTP (or VTP), or (ii) relates to (A) the applicable Validated Target Pair, Proposed VTP or Abandoned VTP, or (B) [ ] ; and (c) [ ] , as identified in the Research Plan (in such amounts set forth under the Research Plan) and required to be included in the Data Package. For clarity, a Data Package shall not include (x) any Immunome Platform Technology, (y) [ ] , or (z) [ ] . 
 1.61 Data Security and Privacy Laws means all applicable Laws relating to the privacy, Processing and security of Personal Data, including, but not limited to, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 1.62 Debarred Entity means a corporation, partnership or association that has been debarred by the FDA pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 335a (a) or (b) from submitting or assisting in the submission of any abbreviated drug application, or a subsidiary or Affiliate of a Debarred Entity.
 1.63 Debarred Individual means an individual who has been debarred by the FDA pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 335a (a) or (b) from providing services in any capacity to a Person that has an approved or pending drug or biological product application.
 1.64 Default Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 14.2.1(a) (Material Breach).
 1.65 Delivery Site as the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.1 (Option Package Assets).
 1.66 Development means all activities related to research, pre-clinical and other non-clinical testing, research or discovery, including IND-enabling studies, test method development and stability testing, toxicology, formulation, process development, manufacturing scale up, qualification and validation, quality assurance/quality control, pre-clinical studies (including safety studies, toxicology studies and drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics (DMPK) studies), biomarker-translational studies, Clinical Trials, including Manufacturing in support thereof, statistical analysis and report writing, the preparation and submission of INDs and Regulatory Approval Applications, regulatory affairs with respect to the foregoing, all other activities necessary or useful or otherwise requested or required by a Regulatory Authority as a condition or in support of obtaining or maintaining a Regulatory Approval, and, for purposes of setting forth the rights and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement, [ ] . When used as a verb, Develop means to engage in Development. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Development does not include any Commercialization activities. Developed will have a corresponding meaning.
 1.67 Development Milestone Event has the meaning set forth in Section 7.4.1 (Development Milestone Payments).
 1.68 Development Milestone Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 7.4.1 (Development Milestone Payments).
 1.69 Dispute has the meaning set forth in Section 15.2 (Dispute Resolution).
 1.70 Dispute Settlement Licensee means any Licensee or Sublicensee that is granted a license or sublicense, as applicable, under the rights granted to AbbVie under Section 4.1 (Assignment and License Grants to AbbVie) (a) in order to settle a litigation or dispute related to any Patent Rights in connection 

with a Product or a Biosimilar Product thereof, including any such litigation or dispute with any Third Party that has submitted an application to a Regulatory Authority to market a Biosimilar Product with respect to a Product, or (b) pursuant to a compulsory license or otherwise as a result of the actions of any Governmental Authority.
 1.71 Distributor means any Person appointed by AbbVie or any of its Affiliates or its or their Licensees and/or Sublicensees (other than Dispute Settlement Licensees) to distribute, market and sell a Product with or without packaging rights, in one (1) or more Countries, in circumstances where such Person purchases its requirements of such Product from AbbVie or its Affiliates or its or their Licensees and/or Sublicensees (other than Dispute Settlement Licensees); provided that [ ] .
 1.72 DOJ means the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice, and any successor entity thereto.
 1.73 Dollars or means the legal tender of the United States. 
 1.74 Drug Development Entity means any Person, whether academic, commercial, governmental or otherwise, that is engaged in the conduct of research, discovery and/or development of pharmaceutical products.
 1.75 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.
 1.76 EMA means the European Medicines Agency, and any successor entity thereto.
 1.77 Encumbrance means any lien, pledge, charge, mortgage, owner s mortgage, easement, encroachment, imperfection of title, title exception, title defect, right of possession, right of negotiation or refusal, leasehold interest, security interest, encumbrance, adverse claim, interference, or other restriction on transfer, ownership or use. 
 1.78 End of Stage 1 Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.1 (End of Stage 1 Payment).
 1.79 European Market means [ ] the major European markets of United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy and Spain.
 1.80 Excluded Individual or Excluded Entity means (a) an individual or entity, as applicable, who has been excluded, debarred, suspended or is otherwise ineligible to participate in federal health care programs such as Medicare or Medicaid by the Office of the Inspector General (OIG/HHS) of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or (b) is an individual or entity, as applicable, who has been excluded, debarred, suspended or is otherwise ineligible to participate in federal procurement and non-procurement programs, including those produced by the U.S. General Services Administration (GSA).
 1.81 Excluded Liabilities has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.2 (Excluded Liabilities).
 1.82 Exclusivity Period means with respect to the conduct of (a) a Tumor Type Competing Program, the exclusivity period set forth in Section 8.1.1 (Tumor Type Exclusivity), and (b) a Target Pair Competing Program, the exclusivity period described in Section 8.1.2 (Target Pair Exclusivity).
 1.83 Executive Officers means the Chief Executive Officer, or his or her designee, in the case of Immunome, and the Vice President, Head of Oncology Discovery Research, or his or her designee, in the case of AbbVie.

1.84 Exercise Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.2(a) (Exercise of Option).
 1.85 Exercise Period has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4 (Exercise of ROFN).
 1.86 Existing Patent Rights has the meaning set forth in Section 12.2.5 (Representations, Warranties, and Covenants of Immunome). 
 1.87 Existing Platform In-License Agreements has the meaning set forth in Section 1.160 (Platform In-License Agreements).
 1.88 Exploit or Exploitation means to make, have made, import, export, use, have used, sell, have sold, or offer for sale, including to research, Develop, Commercialize, register, modify, enhance, improve, Manufacture, have Manufactured, hold, or keep (whether for disposal or otherwise), formulate, optimize, have used, export, transport, distribute, promote, market, have sold, or otherwise dispose of.
 1.89 FDA means the United States Food and Drug Administration, and any successor entity thereto.
 1.90 FDA s Disqualified/Restricted List means the list of clinical investigators restricted from receiving investigational drugs, biologics, or devices if the FDA has determined that the investigators have repeatedly or deliberately failed to comply with regulatory requirements for studies or have submitted false information to the study sponsor or the FDA.
 1.91 FFDCA means the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, 21 U.S.C. 301 et seq. , as amended from time to time, together with any rules, regulations and requirements promulgated thereunder (including all additions, supplements, extensions, and modifications thereto).
 1.92 Field means all human and non-human diagnostic, prophylactic, and therapeutic uses.
 1.93 First Commercial Sale means, with respect to a Product and a Country, the first sale for monetary value for use or consumption by the end user of such Product in such Country after all Regulatory Approvals for the sale of such Product in such Country have been granted by the applicable Regulatory Authority or Governmental Authority of such Country. [ ] .
 1.94 FTC means the United States Federal Trade Commission, and any successor entity thereto.
 1.95 Governmental Authority means any multinational, federal, national, state, provincial, local or other entity, office, commission, bureau, agency, political subdivision, instrumentality, branch, department, authority, board, court, arbitral or other tribunal exercising executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory, administrative or taxing authority or functions of any nature pertaining to government. 
 1.96 High Impact Disclosure means, with respect to an Included Target, any of the following occurring within [ ] following the date that Immunome delivers such Included Target as part of a Data Package for a Validated Target Pair (a) a public disclosure (whether orally, written, electronically, or through any other medium) [ ] , of such Included Target as [ ] for an Antibody; provided that if such disclosure relates to [ ] , such public disclosure [ ]; provided , further, that a High Impact Disclosure shall exclude any [ ] , (b) any public disclosure of information that [ ] , whether orally, written, electronically, or through any other medium, to the effect that [ ] , or (c) any public disclosure of information referencing or including [ ] , other than by AbbVie or its Affiliates.

1.97 HSR Act means the Hart Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.
 1.98 HSR Clearance means (a) the earlier of (i) notification to the Parties from the FTC or DOJ of early termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act with respect to the HSR Filings, or (ii) expiration of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act, or any voluntary agreement not to consummate the transaction, with respect to the HSR Filings and (b) that there is no Order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction that remains in effect that prevents the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 1.99 HSR Extension Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8.1 (HSR).
 1.100 HSR Filings means any filings by Immunome and AbbVie with the FTC and the DOJ of a Notification and Report Form for Certain Mergers and Acquisitions (as that term is defined in the HSR Act) with respect to the matters set forth in this Agreement, together with all required documentary attachments thereto.
 1.101 Identified Antibody means an Antibody (a) that is specifically identified and included in the applicable Option Package Asset or (b) that is [ ] may develop an Antibody that [ ] [through activities outside of this Agreement, and without any use of or benefit from [ ] . For purposes of this Section 1.101 (Identified Antibody) only, [ ] . 
 1.102 Immunome has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.
 1.103 Immunome Background IP means the Immunome Background Know-How and Immunome Background Patents.
 1.104 Immunome Background Know-How means all information (including regulatory data, files, approvals and other documentation) and Know-How, other than Research Know-How, that (a) is Controlled by Immunome or any of its Affiliates (subject to Section 15.3.2 (Assignment)) as of the Effective Date or at any time during the Term, (b) is not generally known, and (c) is necessary or useful for (i) the conduct of activities allocated to either Party under the Research Plan or (ii) the use of any Option Package Assets; but, excluding: [ ] ; provided that , with respect to an Abandoned VTP for which AbbVie exercises an Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option or for which AbbVie has exercised its Option pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs), Immunome Background Know-How shall additionally include all Know-How that is (x) is Controlled by Immunome or any of its Affiliates (subject to Section 15.3.2 (Assignment)) as of the Effective Date or at any time during the Term, (y) is not generally known, and (z) is necessary or useful for the conduct of Development or other Exploitation activities performed by Immunome with respect to such Abandoned VTP prior to the exercise of the applicable Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option or Option pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs), excluding, for clarity, [ ] .
 1.105 Immunome Background Patents means all Patent Rights, other than Research Patents, that (a) are Controlled by Immunome or any of its Affiliates (subject to Section 15.3.2 (Assignment)) as of the Effective Date, or at any time during the Term, and (b) (i) are necessary or useful for the Exploitation of the Option Package Assets and (ii) claim any Immunome Background Know-How . The Immunome Background Patents existing as of the Effective Date are listed on Schedule 1.105 (Existing Immunome Background Patents). For the avoidance of doubt, Immunome Background Patents exclude any Patent Rights that claim any Immunome Platform Technology. 
 1.106 Immunome Improvement Patents has the meaning set forth in Section 1.107 (Immunome Improvements).

1.107 Immunome Improvements means (a) all Research Know-How that (i) constitutes an improvement to the Immunome Background IP, (ii) is conceived, reduced to practice, generated, discovered, developed or otherwise made [ ] and (b) all Patent Rights that claim such Research Know-How described in the foregoing subclause (a) (such Patent Rights, the Immunome Improvement Patents ). For the avoidance of doubt, Immunome Improvements exclude Immunome Platform Improvements.
 1.108 Immunome Platform Improvement Patents has the meaning set forth in Section 1.109 (Immunome Platform Improvements).
 1.109 Immunome Platform Improvements means (a) all Research Know-How that (i) constitutes an improvement to the Immunome Platform Technology, (ii) is conceived, reduced to practice, generated, discovered, developed or otherwise made [ ] and (b) all Patent Rights that claim such Research Know-How described in the foregoing subclause (a) (such Patent Rights, the Immunome Platform Improvement Patents ).
 1.110 Immunome Platform Technology means: (a) Immunome s discovery platform that identifies Antibodies and corresponding targets, including all Patent Rights, Know-How and Materials Controlled by Immunome as of the Effective Date, or at any time during the Term, that relate to (i) [ ] (ii) [ ], or (iii) methods, processes or algorithms related to [ ] and (b) all Intellectual Property Rights licensed to Immunome from the relevant Third Parties under the Platform In-License Agreements . For clarity, all Immunome Platform Improvements will be included within Immunome Platform Technology upon their creation.
 1.111 Immunome Prosecuted Patents has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.4(b) (Research Patents).
 1.112 Included Target means (a) a target that is included in a Validated Target Pair that is the subject of an Option Package Asset, or (b) [ ] .
 1.113 IND means an application filed with a Regulatory Authority for authorization to commence Clinical Trials, including (a) an Investigational New Drug Application as defined in the FFDCA, 21 C.F.R. Part 312, or any successor application or procedure filed with the FDA, (b) any equivalent of a United States IND in other countries or regulatory jurisdictions, i.e. , Clinical Trial application (CTA)), and (c) all supplements, amendments, variations, extensions and renewals thereof that may be filed with respect to the foregoing.
 1.114 Indemnification Claim Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 13.3.1 (Notice). 
 1.115 Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 13.3.1 (Notice). 
 1.116 Indemnifying Party has the meaning set forth in Section 13.3.1 (Notice). 
 1.117 Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 13.3.1 (Notice). 
 1.118 Independent Affiliate means, in connection with a Change of Control of Immunome, any Affiliate of Immunome following such Change of Control that was not an Affiliate of Immunome prior to such Change of Control.
 1.119 Indirect Taxes has the meaning set forth in Section 7.15.3 (Indirect Taxes).
 1.120 Infringement has the meaning set forth in Section 10.3.1 (Notice).

1.121 Initial Disclosure Schedule has the meaning set forth in Section 12.6 (Bring Down Limitations).
 1.122 Initial Target Disclosure has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11.2 (Initial Target Disclosure Prior to Option Effective Date).
 1.123 Initiation of First GLP Toxicology Study means, with respect to a Product, the commencement, [ ] conducted in accordance with current good laboratory practices to characterize the toxicity profile of the Product by identifying its pharmacologic activity and safety profile through non-human testing, with the intent to support the filing of an IND.
 1.124 Intellectual Property Rights means any and all proprietary rights provided under (a) patent law, including any Patent Rights; (b) trademark law; (c) copyright law; (d) design patent or industrial design law; mask work law; or (f) any other applicable statutory provision or common law principle, including trade secret law, that may provide a right in ideas, formulae, algorithms, concepts, inventions, or Know-How, or the expression or use thereof.
 1.125 JRC has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 (Joint Research Committee).
 1.126 Know-How means all knowledge, data, and information of a technical, scientific, business, and other nature, including inventions, discoveries, know-how, technology, means, methods, processes, practices, formulae, instructions, skills, techniques, procedures, experiences, ideas, technical assistance, designs, drawings, assembly procedures, computer programs, apparatuses, specifications, data (including raw data), results and other biological, chemical, pharmacological, toxicological, pharmaceutical, physical and analytical, pre-clinical, clinical, safety, manufacturing, and quality control data and information, including study designs, and protocols, and biological methodology; in each case, in written, electronic or any other form now known or hereafter developed.
 1.127 Knowledge means, with respect to Immunome or any of its Affiliates, the knowledge of the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief legal officer, chief scientific officer, chief technology officer and chief operating officer of Immunome, or such Affiliate, as applicable or any equivalent positions [ ] .
 1.128 Law means federal, state, local, national and supra national laws, statutes, rules, and regulations, including any rules, regulations, regulatory guidelines, or other requirements of the Regulatory Authorities, major national securities exchanges or major securities listing organizations, that may be in effect from time to time during the Term and applicable to a particular activity or Country hereunder.
 1.129 Lead Generation means the pre-clinical stage of Development performed for each Validated Target Pair, with the goal to initially identify Identified Antibodies suitable for Product candidates, completion of which shall be determined by [ ] ; provided that [ ] . 
 1.130 Lead Generation Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.2 (Lead Generation Payment).
 1.131 Lead Optimization means the pre-clinical stage of Development following Lead Generation, aimed at enhancing the identified Product candidate to improve effectiveness, diminish toxicity or increase absorption, completion of which shall be determined by [ ] ; provided that [ ] .
 1.132 Lead Optimization Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.3 (Lead Optimization Payment).

1.133 Liabilities means all debts, liabilities and obligations, whether presently in existence or arising hereafter, accrued or fixed, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, determined or determinable, asserted or unasserted, known or unknown, including those arising under any Law, action or governmental order and those arising under any Contract.
 1.134 Licensee means any Third Party to which AbbVie has granted a license to Develop, Manufacture, and/or Commercialize in any manner in the Field any Product.
 1.135 Losses has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1 (Indemnification by AbbVie). 
 1.136 Low Impact Disclosure means, with respect to an Included Target, a disclosure occurring within [ ] following the date that Immunome delivers such Included Target as part of a Data Package for a Validated Target Pair that is a public disclosure (whether orally, written, electronically, or through any other medium) by any Third Party of [ ] , as of the Option Effective Date, [ ] , in each case that is not [ ]. For clarity, if the Parties agree to conduct activities under the Research Plan on a target that the Parties agree in writing is already in the public domain, but the activities under the Research Plan will be conducted with respect to [ ] , then for the purposes of Section 2.11 (Target Disclosures), (a) such initial known disclosure shall be deemed [ ] , (b) any subsequent disclosure of such target generally, or [ ] shall also be deemed [ ] , and (c) any subsequent disclosure of [ ] that the Parties are pursuing under the Research Plan shall be deemed [ ] . 
 1.137 Manufacture and Manufacturing means all activities related to the synthesis, making, production, processing, purifying, formulating, filling, finishing, packaging, labeling, shipping, and holding of the Identified Antibody, any Product, or any intermediate thereof, including process development, process qualification and validation, scale up, pre-clinical, clinical and commercial production and analytic development, product characterization, stability testing, quality assurance, and quality control. Manufactured will have a corresponding meaning.
 1.138 Materials means all physical materials of a technical and scientific nature, including reagents, plasmids, proteins, cells, cell lines, assays, compounds, patient-derived Antibodies, and such other materials specified in the Research Plan.
 1.139 Medical Affairs Activities means, with respect to any Country, the coordination of medical information requests and Field based medical scientific liaisons with respect to Identified Antibodies or Products, including activities of medical scientific liaisons and the provision of medical information services with respect to a Product.
 1.140 Mono Product has the meaning set forth in Section 1.142 (Net Sales).
 1.141 Negotiation Period has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4 (Exercise of ROFN).
 1.142 Net Sales means, with respect to any Product for a particular period, the total amount invoiced on sales of such Product during such period by AbbVie, any of its Affiliates, Licensees, and/or Sublicensees (other than a Dispute Settlement Licensee) (each, a Selling Party in the Territory to a Third Party (including wholesalers or Distributors) in bona fide arm s length transactions, less the following deductions, in each case related specifically to the Product and actually allowed and taken by such Third Parties and not otherwise recovered by or reimbursed to the Selling Party: 
 1.142.1 trade, cash and quantity discounts;

1.142.2 price reductions or rebates, retroactive or otherwise, imposed by, negotiated with or otherwise paid to Governmental Authorities or other payees;
 1.142.3 taxes on sales (such as sales, value added, or use taxes) to the extent added to the sale price and set forth separately as such in the total amount invoiced;
 1.142.4 amounts repaid or credited by reason of rejections, defects, return goods allowance, recalls or returns, or because of retroactive price reductions, including rebates or wholesaler charge backs;
 1.142.5 the portion of administrative fees paid during the relevant time period to group purchasing organizations, pharmaceutical benefit managers or Medicare Prescription Drug Plans relating to such Product;
 1.142.6 any consideration actually paid or payable for any Delivery System related to a billed or invoiced sale of such Product, where for purposes of this Net Sales definition, a Delivery System means any delivery system designed to assist in the administration of such Product;
 1.142.7 any invoiced amounts from a prior period which are not collected and are written off by AbbVie or any of its Affiliates, Licensees and/or Sublicensees, including bad debts;
 1.142.8 that portion of the annual fee on prescription drug manufacturers imposed by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. No. 111-148 (as amended) and reasonably allocable to sales of the Products;
 1.142.9 freight, insurance, import/export, and other transportation charges to the extent added to the sale price and set forth separately as such in the total amount invoiced, as well as any fees for services provided by wholesalers and warehousing chains related to the distribution of such Product; and
 1.142.10 any other similar and customary deductions that are consistent with Accounting Standards, but which may not be duplicative of the deductions specified in Sections 1.142.1 - 1.142.9 above. 
 
 Net Sales shall not include transfers or dispositions for charitable, promotional, pre-clinical, clinical, regulatory, or governmental purposes. Net Sales shall not include sales between or among AbbVie, its Affiliates, Licensees and/or Sublicensees. Subject to the above, Net Sales shall be calculated in accordance with the standard internal policies and procedures of AbbVie, its Affiliates, or applicable Licensees and/or Sublicensees, which must be in accordance with Accounting Standards. For purposes of calculating Net Sales, all Net Sales shall be converted into Dollars in accordance with Section 7.14 (Methods of Payments). In the event a Product is a Combination Product, the Net Sales for such Combination Product shall be calculated as follows: (a) If a Selling Party separately sells in such Country, (i) a product containing as its sole active ingredient the Identified Antibody contained in such Combination Product (the Mono Product and (ii) products containing as their sole active ingredients the other active ingredients in such Combination Product, the Net Sales attributable to such Combination Product shall be calculated by multiplying actual Net Sales of such Combination Product by the fraction A/(A+B) where: A is such 

Selling Party s average Net Sales price during the period to which the Net Sales calculation applies for the Mono Product in such Country and B is the Selling Party s average Net Sales price during the period to which the Net Sales calculation applies in such Country, for products that contain as their sole active ingredients the other active ingredients in such Combination Product. 
 (b) If a Selling Party separately sells in such Country the Mono Product but does not separately sell in such Country products containing as their sole active ingredients the other active ingredients in such Combination Product, the Net Sales attributable to such Combination Product shall be calculated by multiplying the Net Sales of such Combination Product by the fraction A/C where: A is such Selling Party s average Net Sales price during the period to which the Net Sales calculation applies for the Mono Product in such Country, and C is the Selling Party s average Net Sales price in such Country during the period to which the Net Sales calculation applies for such Combination Product.
 (c) If a Selling Party does not separately sell in such Country both the Mono Product and the other active ingredient or ingredients in such Combination Product, and subclause (b) above does not apply, the Net Sales attributable to such Combination Product shall be determined by the Parties in good faith based on the relative fair market value of such Mono Product and such other active ingredient or ingredients. If the Parties cannot agree on such relative value, the dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 15.2 (Dispute Resolution).
 1.143 Non-Breaching Party has the meaning set forth in Section 14.2.1(a) (Material Breach).
 1.144 Novel Target means any target that is not the subject of a High Impact Disclosure or Low Impact Disclosure.
 1.145 Option has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.1 (Grant of Option).
 1.146 Option Effective Date means, with respect to each Option (including, for clarity, the Option as described in Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs) and the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option), the date upon which AbbVie delivers to Immunome an Exercise Notice or an Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Notice, as applicable, in accordance with Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs) or Section 15.5 (Notices); provided that, if AbbVie determines in its sole discretion prior to the delivery of any Exercise Notice or Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Notice, as applicable that the transactions to be consummated upon the exercise of the applicable Option require HSR Filings, the applicable Option Effective Date or Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Notice, as applicable, shall mean the Business Day following the date on which the applicable HSR Clearance occurs.
 1.147 Option Exercise Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 7.3 (Option Exercise Fee).
 1.148 Option Package Assets means, on a VTP-by-VTP (including for clarity, on an Abandoned VTP-by-Abandoned VTP for which AbbVie has exercised its Option pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs) or the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option) basis, (a) all of Immunome s or its Affiliates right, title and interest in and to, for all uses in all territories and fields, (i) the Validated Target Pair, or Abandoned VTP, for which AbbVie has exercised its Option, the Option set forth in Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs) or Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option and (ii) the corresponding Data Package and, as applicable, the Abandoned VTP Package, and (b) [ ] but for clarity excluding [ ] . 
 1.149 Option Package License has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.3 (Option Package License).

1.150 Order means a temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction, law, regulation, executive order, judgment, ruling or other order issued, promulgated, enforced or entered into by any Governmental Authority with authority to enforce the HSR Act or applicable antitrust Laws.
 1.151 Party and Parties has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.
 1.152 Patent Right means (a) all national, regional and international patents and patent applications, including provisional patent applications and rights to claim priority from any of these patents or patent applications, (b) all patent applications filed either from such patents, patent applications or provisional patent applications or from an application claiming priority from either of these, including divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, provisionals, converted provisionals and continued prosecution applications, (c) any and all patents that have issued or in the future issue from the foregoing patent applications ((a) and (b)), including utility models, petty patents and design patents and certificates of invention, (d) any and all extensions or restorations by existing or future extension or restoration mechanisms, including revalidations, reissues, re-examinations and extensions (including any patent term extensions, supplementary protection certificates, pediatric exclusivity periods and the like) of the foregoing patents or patent applications ((a), (b), and (c)), a (e) any similar rights, including so-called pipeline protection or any importation, revalidation, confirmation or introduction patent or registration patent or patent of additions to any of such foregoing patent applications and patents.
 1.153 Person means any individual, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, corporation, firm, trust, association, unincorporated organization, Governmental Authority, or any other entity not specifically listed in this Section 1.153 (Person).
 1.154 Personal Data means (a) all information identifying, or in combination with other information, identifiable to an individual, including pseudonymized (key-coded) Clinical Data containing such information; and (b) any other information that is governed, regulated or protected by one (1) or more Data Security and Privacy Laws.
 1.155 Phase 1 Clinical Trial means a human Clinical Trial of a Product, the principal purpose of which is a preliminary determination of safety, tolerability, pharmacological activity or pharmacokinetics in healthy individuals or patients or similar clinical study prescribed by the applicable Regulatory Authority, including the trials referred to in 21 C.F.R. 312.21(a), as amended.
 1.156 Phase 2 Clinical Trial means a human Clinical Trial of a Product, the principal purpose of which is a determination of safety and efficacy in the target patient population, which is prospectively designed to generate sufficient data that may permit commencement of a Phase 3 Clinical Trial, or a similar clinical study prescribed by the Regulatory Authorities, from time to time, pursuant to applicable Law or otherwise, including the trials referred to in 21 C.F.R. 312.21(b), as amended.
 1.157 Phase 3 Clinical Trial means a human Clinical Trial of a Product on a sufficient number of subjects in an indicated patient population that is designed to establish that a Product is safe and efficacious for its intended use and to determine the benefit/risk relationship, warnings, precautions, and adverse reactions that are associated with such product in the dosage range to be prescribed, which trial is intended to support marketing approval of such Product, including all tests and studies that are required by the FDA (or any Regulatory Authority outside of the United States) from time to time, pursuant to applicable Law or otherwise, including the trials referred to in 21 C.F.R. 312.21(c), as amended, or comparable Clinical Trials required by the relevant Regulatory Authority in a country other than the United States.

1.158 Phase 4 Clinical Trial means a post-marketing human clinical study for a Product with respect to any indication as to which Regulatory Approval has been received or for a use that is the subject of an investigator-initiated study program.
 1.159 Platform Access Payments means the End of Stage 1 Payment, Lead Generation Payment, Lead Optimization Payment and Stage 3 Payment.
 1.160 Platform In-License Agreements means, collectively: (a) (i) the Exclusive Patent License Agreement dated [ ] , by and between Immunome and [ ] , (ii) the Exclusive License Agreement dated [ ] , by and between Immunome and [ ] , and (iii) the Exclusive License Agreement dated [ ] by and between Immunome and [ ] (the Existing Platform In-License Agreements ), and (b) any other Contract between Immunome or its Affiliate, on one hand, and a Third Party on the other hand under which Immunome or its Affiliates is granted a license, sublicense or other right under the Intellectual Property Rights of such Third Party to be used or practiced in connection with the Immunome Platform Technology, or the conduct of activities allocated to Immunome under this Agreement, but where such Intellectual Property Right is not necessary for the Exploitation of any VTP included in any Option Package Asset for which AbbVie exercises the Option.
 1.161 Pricing Approval means such approval, agreement, determination or decision establishing prices for a Product that can be charged to consumers or will be reimbursed by Governmental Authorities in a Country in the Territory where Governmental Authorities of such Country approve or determine pricing for pharmaceutical or biological products for reimbursement or otherwise.
 1.162 Processing (or its conjugates) means any operation or set of operations that is performed upon Personal Data, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alternation, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction.
 1.163 Product means, upon and following the Option Effective Date, (a) any product or compound that [ ] that is [ ] , and/or (b) any other product or compound that [ ] . 
 1.164 Product In-License Agreement means any Contract between Immunome or i ts Affiliate, on one hand, and a Third Party on the other hand under which (a) Immunome or its Affiliates is granted a (sub)license or other right under Intellectual Property Rights necessary or reasonably useful for AbbVie to Exploit a Validated Target Pair (or the Included Target or Antibody that is comprised therein) included in any Option Package Asset for which AbbVie exercises an Option, and (b) AbbVie is granted a sublicense or other right under this Agreement as provided in Section 4.1.5 (Unblocking License).
 1.165 Product Information has the meaning set forth in Section 11.1 (Product Information).
 1.166 Proposed Upstream Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 7.16.2 (In-License Agreements).
 1.167 Proposed VTP means a Qualified Target Pair for which Immunome has completed all activities in the Research Plan related thereto that is [ ] .
 1.168 Proposed VTP Commitment Point means, with respect to each Included Target, the completion by Immunome of the activities set forth in the Research Plan in Table 2 Step 1 and Step 2(A) that includes both [ ] , in connection with such Included Target.

1.169 Prosecution and Maintenance or Prosecute and Maintain, with respect to a particular Patent Right, means all activities associated with the preparation, filing (including any election under the Unitary Patent Convention), prosecution and maintenance of such Patent Right (and patent application(s) derived from such Patent Right), as well as re-examinations, reissues, applications for patent term adjustments and extensions, supplementary protection certificates and the like with respect to that Patent Right, together with the conduct of interferences, derivation proceedings, the defense of oppositions, defense of inter partes review and other similar proceedings with respect to that Patent Right.
 1.170 Qualified Target Pair or QTP means a patient-derived Antibody, isolated from a Collaboration Tumor Type sample, and a Novel Target, identified using the Immunome Platform Technology, to which such patient-derived Antibody is directed.
 1.171 Registrational Clinical Trial means a human Clinical Trial of a Product for which the applicable Regulatory Authority has provided guidance that the design of such Clinical Trial and results of such Clinical Trial, together with prior data and information concerning such Product, (a) [ ] and (b) [ ] , regardless of whether such Clinical Trial is referred to as a Phase 2 Clinical Trial or Phase 3 Clinical Trial; provided that any human Clinical Trial that is classified as a Phase 2 Clinical Trial when it is initiated, but later meets the foregoing criteria for a Phase 3 Clinical Trial, shall constitute, for purposes of this Agreement, a Phase 3 Clinical Trial [ ] ; and provided , further , that [ ] .
 1.172 Regulatory Approval means, with respect to a Country, all approvals, licenses, registrations, or authorizations of any Regulatory Authority necessary to Commercialize a Product in such Country, including, where applicable, (a) Pricing Approvals, (b) pre- and post-approval marketing authorizations (including any prerequisite Manufacturing approval or authorization related thereto), and (c) approval of the expansion or modification of the label for additional indications or uses.
 1.173 Regulatory Approval Application means (a) a BLA, or (b) any other corresponding foreign application in the Territory to seek Regulatory Approval of a product in any country or multinational jurisdiction, as defined in applicable Laws and filed with the relevant Regulatory Authorities of such country or jurisdiction.
 1.174 Regulatory Authority means any applicable supra national, federal, national, regional, state, provincial, or local governmental or regulatory authority, agency, department, bureau, commission, council, or other entities e.g. , the FDA and EMA) regulating or otherwise exercising authority with respect to activities contemplated in this Agreement, including the Exploitation of the Products in the Territory.
 1.175 Regulatory Exclusivity means, with respect to a Product and any Country, an additional market protection, other than Patent Right protection or Patent Right-related exclusivity, granted by a Regulatory Authority in such Country which confers an exclusive Commercialization period during which AbbVie or its Affiliates or Sublicensees have the exclusive right to market and sell, and any other Third Party is prevented from marketing or selling, the Product in such Country.
 1.176 Rejected VTP has the meaning set forth in Section 2.9.2 (No Exercise of Option).
 1.177 Representatives has the meaning set forth in Section 11.2 (Confidentiality Obligations; Exceptions).
 1.178 Research Know-How means all Know-How that is conceived, reduced to practice, generated, discovered, developed or otherwise made (a) [ ] , or (b) [ ] and that specifically pertains to a Qualified Target Pair; provided that , with respect to an Abandoned VTP for which AbbVie exercises an Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option or an Option pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; 

Abandoned VTPs), Research Know-How shall additionally include all Know-How that is conceived, reduced to practice, generated, discovered, developed or otherwise made [ ] and that specifically pertains to such Abandoned VTP commencing upon the date of [ ] determination that the relevant Proposed VTP has failed to achieve VTP Verification and ending upon the date of AbbVie s exercise of the applicable Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option or Option pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs). 
 1.179 Research Patent means any Patent Right that claims Research Know-How.
 1.180 Research Plan means a detailed research plan that is mutually agreed by the Parties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, that sets forth in reasonable detail (a) (i) all Development activities to be conducted by Immunome to identify and discover Validated Target Pairs and (ii) the limited activities that the Parties mutually agree that AbbVie will perform in support of the generation of the Data Package, (b) all information and Materials required to be in the Data Package, and (c) the Target Criteria and Selection Criteria.
 1.181 Research Program IP means collectively, the Research Patents and the Research Know-How.
 1.182 Research Term means the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the earliest to occur of (a) the date that Immunome has met the Aggregate Minimum VTP Obligation, provided that it shall not be less than sixty-six (66) months, or (b) the failure by AbbVie to pay the End of Stage 1 Payment pursuant to Section 7.2.1 (End of Stage 1 Payment) or the Lead Optimization Payment pursuant to Section 7.2.3 (Lead Optimization Payment).
 1.183 Residual Reserved Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2.9.1 (No Exercise of Option).
 1.184 Return Site has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2.1 (Substituted VTPs).
 1.185 ROFN Exercise Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4 (Exercise of ROFN). 1.186 ROFN Exercise Period has the meaning set forth in Section 9.3 (ROFN Transaction Notice). 

 1.187 ROFN Transaction Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 9.5 (ROFN Transaction).
 1.188 Rollover VTP has the meaning set forth in Section 2.9.1 (No Exercise of Option).
 1.189 Royalty Term has the meaning set forth in Section 7.7.2 (Royalty Term).
 1.190 Second Request means a request for additional information or documentary material, as described in 16 C.F.R. 803.20.
 1.191 Segregation has the meaning set forth in Section 15.3.2 (Assignment). The words Segregate and Segregates shall have the correlative meaning.
 1.192 Selection Activities has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.1(c) (Stage 1).
 1.193 Selection Criteria has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.1(c) (Stage 1).

1.194 Selling Party has the meaning set forth in Section 1.142 (Net Sales).
 1.195 Stage has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 (Research Plan).
 1.196 Stage 1 has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.1(a) (Stage 1).
 1.197 Stage 1 End Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.1(b) (Stage 1).
 1.198 Stage 1 Minimum VTPs has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.1(c) (Stage 1).
 1.199 Stage 1 Shortfall has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.2(b) (Stage 2).
 1.200 Stage 2 has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.2(a) (Stage 2).
 1.201 Stage 2 End Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.2(b) (Stage 2).
 1.202 Stage 2 Minimum VTPs has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.2(b) (Stage 2).
 1.203 Stage 2 Shortfall has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.3(b) (Stage 3).
 1.204 Stage 3 has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.3(a) (Stage 3).
 1.205 Stage 3 End Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.3(b) (Stage 3).
 1.206 Stage 3 Minimum VTPs has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.3(b) (Stage 3).
 1.207 Stage 3 Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.4 (Stage 3 Payment).
 1.208 Sublicense Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3 (Sublicensing Rights).
 1.209 Sublicensee has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3 (Sublicensing Rights).
 1.210 Substituted VTP has the meaning set forth in Section 2.9.3 (No Exercise of Option).
 1.211 Substitution Right has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(b) (Substitution Rights).
 1.212 Target Criteria means the success criteria that a Qualified Target Pair must meet in order to be a Validated Target Pair, as agreed to by the Parties and set forth in the Research Plan. For clarity, the Target Criteria includes the Selection Criteria. 
 1.213 Target Disclosure means, individually or collectively, a High Impact Disclosure and/or a Low Impact Disclosure, as applicable.
 1.214 Target Expression Data has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.1 (Responsibility).
 1.215 Target Pair Competing Program has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.2 (Target Pair Exclusivity).
 1.216 Target Pair Review Group has the meaning set forth in Section 3.9 (Working Groups).
 1.217 Term has the meaning set forth in Section 14.1 (Term).

1.218 Territory means worldwide.
 1.219 Third Party means any Person that is neither a Party nor an Affiliate of a Party.
 1.220 Third Party Claims has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1 (Indemnification by AbbVie). 
 1.221 Third Party Infringement Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6 (Infringement Claims by Third Parties).
 1.222 Third Party Patent Right has the meaning set forth in Section 7.9.1 (General Third Party IP Offsets).
 1.223 Third Party Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 7.9.1 (General Third Party IP Offsets).
 1.224 Third Party Right means any Patent Right, trade secret or other Intellectual Property Right of a Third Party in any Country.
 1.225 Trademark means any trademark, service mark, trade name, brand name, sub-brand name, trade dress, product configuration, program name, delivery form name, certification mark, collective mark, logo, tagline, slogan, design or business symbol, that functions as an identifier of source or origin, whether or not registered, and all statutory and common law rights therein, and all registrations and applications therefor, together with all goodwill associated with, or symbolized by, any of the foregoing.
 1.226 Transaction Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.3 (ROFN Transaction Notice).
 1.227 Tumor Type Competing Program has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.1 (Tumor Type Exclusivity).
 1.228 Tumor Type Exclusivity has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.1 (Tumor Type Exclusivity).
 1.229 Unblocking IP has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.5 (Unblocking License).
 1.230 Unblocking License has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.5 (Unblocking License).
 1.231 United States or U.S. means the United States of America and all of its territories and possessions.
 1.232 Updated Disclosure Schedule has the meaning set forth in Section 12.6 (Bring Down Limitation).
 1.233 Valid Claim means (a) a claim of any issued and unexpired Patent Right whose validity, enforceability, or patentability has not been affected by any of the following: (i) irretrievable lapse, abandonment, revocation, cancellation, dedication to the public, or disclaimer; or (ii) a holding, finding, or decision of invalidity, unenforceability, or non-patentability by a court, governmental agency, national or regional patent office, or other appropriate body that has competent jurisdiction, such holding, finding, or decision being final and unappealable or unappealed within the time allowed for appeal; and (b) a claim of a pending patent application only if such claim is filed and prosecuted in good faith and no more than [ ] have elapsed from the earliest priority filing date to which such claim entitles. For clarity, a holding, finding 

or decision being final and unappealable or unappealed means a holding, finding or decision from which no appeal (other than a petition to the United States Supreme Court for a writ of certiorari or a similar appeal the consideration of which is subject to the discretion of the higher court) can be or has been taken.
 1.234 Validated Target Pair or VTP means a Proposed VTP (or, for clarity, an Additional Proposed VTP) with respect to which (a) [ ] confirmed the achievement of VTP Verification, or (b) AbbVie has waived its right in writing to conduct the Selection Activities and apply the Selection Criteria. For clarity, [ ] . If [ ] , shall be deemed to be a VTP (or, if applicable, Rollover VTP). For clarity, a VTP shall also include any Abandoned VTP for which AbbVie has exercised an Option pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs) or the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option pursuant to Section 9.2 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option), as applicable.
 1.235 Voting Stock has the meaning set forth in Section 1.45 (Change of Control).
 1.236 VTP Selection Period means (a) with respect to each Validated Target Pair other than a Rollover VTP, the time period of [ ] commencing on the date of Immunome s delivery of the complete, corresponding Data Package for the applicable Validated Target Pair under Section 2.4.3 (Diligence; Data Package Submission; Information Requests), and (b) with respect to each Rollover VTP, the time period commencing on the date of delivery of the complete, corresponding Data Package for the applicable Rollover VTP and expiring [ ] , in each case ((a) and (b)), subject to extension under Section 2.4.3(b) (Diligence; Data Package Submission; Information Requests). 
 1.237 VTP Verification has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.1(c) (Stage 1).
 1.238 Withholding Party has the meaning set forth in Section 7.15.2 (Withholding Taxes).
 1.239 Withholding Tax Action has the meaning set forth in Section 7.15.2 (Withholding Taxes). 
 1.240 Working Group has the meaning set forth in Section 3.9 (Working Groups).
 
 ARTICLE 2 DEVELOPMENT; OPTION 
 2.1 Research Plan 
. The initial Research Plan is attached as Exhibit A hereto. During the Research Term, each Party will perform and complete certain Development activities allocated to such Party under the Research Plan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Research Plan. During the Research Term, either Party may propose an amendment to the Research Plan by submitting such proposed amendment in writing to the JRC for review and approval, subject to Section 3.5 (Decision-Making). Upon approval of such proposed amendment in writing by the JRC, the Research Plan will be deemed to be amended by such amendment. The Research Term and the activities conducted under the Research Plan shall be divided into three (3) stages, as described in Section 2.2 (Stages of the Research Plan) (each, a Stage ).
 2.2 Stages of the Research Plan .
 2.2.1 Stage 1 .
 (a) Stage 1 of the Research Plan Stage 1 shall focus on the Development and characterization of the Stage 1 Minimum VTPs.

(b) Stage 1 shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end [ ] thereafter, provided that at least [ ] Validated Target Pairs and corresponding Data Packages have been delivered by Immunome to AbbVie (the Stage 1 Minimum VTPs . If Immunome has not delivered to AbbVie at least the Stage 1 Minimum VTPs by the date that is [ ] following the start of Stage 1 , then Stage 1 shall continue until the earlier of (i) the date that Immunome delivers the Stage 1 Minimum VTPs or (ii) the date that is [ ] thereafter (the initial [ ] period and the extension period, if any, the Stage 1 End Date . [ ] .
 (c) During Stage 1, Immunome will identify Qualified Target Pairs and shall promptly present to AbbVie Proposed VTPs along with corresponding Data Packages as and when such Proposed VTP becomes available, as set forth in more detail in Section 2.4.3 (Diligence; Data Package Submission; Information Requests) . [ ] , after receipt of the Proposed VTP and the corresponding Data Package, to confirm that such Proposed VTP meets the Target Criteria (such achievement, the VTP Verification ). [ ] may complete the VTP Verification by [ ] (the Selection Activities directed to meeting the selection criteria [ ] and specified in the Research Plan (the Selection Criteria during the VTP Selection Period, subject to Section 2.6.1(a) (Grant of Options) . In the event that [ ] a Proposed VTP delivered by Immunome does not achieve VTP Verification, Immunome shall be required to present to AbbVie further Proposed VTPs in order to meet its Stage 1 Minimum VTPs obligation until the Stage 1 End Date (subject to AbbVie s right to confirm that such Proposed VTPs are Validated Target Pairs in accordance with this Section 2.2.1(c) (Stage 1)); provided that [ ] may, in good faith (and no later than [ ] following [ ] notification that VTP Verification has not been achieved), dispute [ ] determination that a Proposed VTP has not achieved VTP Verification, as set forth in Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs).
 (d) On a VTP-by-VTP basis, during the applicable VTP Selection Period, AbbVie shall have the right to exercise up to [ ] Options from the Validated Target Pairs delivered by Immunome in Stage 1 as set forth in more detail in Section 2.6 (Options) and subject to Section 2.9 (No Exercise of Option).
 (e) If Immunome delivers to AbbVie the Stage 1 Minimum VTPs prior to the date that is [ ] following the start of Stage 1, Immunome shall continue to carry out activities under the Research Plan (subject to Section 2.2.5 (Futility)) [ ] . Any Additional Proposed VTP that is confirmed [ ] as a Validated Target Pair by achieving VTP Verification and is a Rollover VTP shall be available for AbbVie s exercise of an Option in Stage 2, and shall count towards the Stage 2 Minimum VTPs; provided that with respect to any Additional Proposed VTP that [ ] determines has not achieved VTP Verification, [ ] may, in good faith (and no later than [ ] following [ ] notification that VTP Verification has not been achieved), dispute such determination in accordance with Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs). [ ] .
 (f) AbbVie may, in its sole discretion [ ] elect to proceed to Stage 2 by making the End of Stage 1 Payment at any time, [ ]. If AbbVie elects not to make the End of Stage 1 Payment on or before the Stage 1 End Date, then (A) the Research Term shall expire; (B) all exclusivity obligations shall expire except [ ] ; (C) the right of first negotiation set forth in ARTICLE 9 (Buy-Back Option; Right of First Negotiation) shall expire; and (D) Immunome shall have no obligation to generate any further Validated Target Pairs. For clarity, this Agreement shall remain in force with respect to any Validated Target Pairs that are already the subject of an Option.
 2.2.2 Stage 2 .
 (a) Stage 2 of the Research Plan Stage 2 shall focus on the Development and characterization of the Stage 2 Minimum VTPs.

(b) Stage 2 shall commence on the day immediately following the later of (x) the Stage 1 End Date, and (y) the date AbbVie has made the End of Stage 1 Payment in accordance with Section 2.2.1(f) (Stage 1), and shall end [ ] thereafter; provided that Immunome has delivered to AbbVie (i) [ ] Validated Target Pairs and corresponding Data Packages, [ ] and corresponding Data Packages, and (iii) to the extent applicable, a Validated Target Pair and corresponding Data Package for [ ] (collectively, the Stage 2 Minimum VTPs ). If Immunome has not delivered to AbbVie at least the Stage 2 Minimum VTPs by the date that is [ ] following the start of Stage 2, then Stage 2 shall continue until the earlier of (A) the date that Immunome delivers the Stage 2 Minimum VTPs or (B) the date that is [ ] thereafter (the initial [ ] period and the extension period, if any, the Stage 2 End Date ). [ ] For clarity, any Rollover VTPs from Stage 1 shall count toward the Stage 2 Minimum VTPs.
 (c) During Stage 2, Immunome will continue to identify Qualified Target Pairs and shall promptly present to AbbVie Proposed VTPs along with corresponding Data Packages as and when such Proposed VTP becomes available, as set forth in more detail in Section 2.4.3 (Diligence; Data Package Submission; Information Requests). [ ] after receipt of the Proposed VTP in which to confirm that such Proposed VTP achieves VTP Verification during the VTP Selection Period, subject to Section 2.6.1(a) (Grant of Options). If [ ] reasonably determines that a Proposed VTP delivered by Immunome does not achieve VTP Verification, Immunome shall be required to present to AbbVie further Proposed VTPs in order to meet its Stage 2 Minimum VTPs obligation until the Stage 2 End Date (subject to AbbVie s right to confirm that such Proposed VTPs are Validated Target Pairs in accordance with this Section 2.2.2(c) (Stage 2)); provided that [ ] may, in good faith (and no later than [ ] following [ ] notification that VTP Verification has not been achieved), dispute [ ] determination that a Proposed VTP has not achieved VTP Verification, as set forth in Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs).
 (d) On a VTP-by-VTP basis, during the applicable VTP Selection Period, AbbVie shall have the right to exercise up to [ ] Options from the Validated Target Pairs delivered by Immunome during Stage 2 as set forth in more detail in Section 2.6 (Options) and subject to Section 2.9 (No Exercise of Option) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if AbbVie does not exercise an Option for [ ] VTPs delivered by Immunome in Stage 1, [ ] provided that as long as Immunome has met the Stage 1 Minimum VTPs obligation, Immunome s Stage 2 Minimum VTPs obligation shall not be altered by AbbVie s right to exercise such additional Options from Stage 1 during Stage 2.
 (e) If Immunome delivers to AbbVie the Stage 2 Minimum VTPs prior to the date that is [ ] following the start of Stage 2, then Immunome shall continue to carry out activities under the Research Plan and [ ] Any Additional Proposed VTP that is confirmed [ ] as a Validated Target Pair by achieving VTP Verification and is a Rollover VTP, to the extent not used by AbbVie to exercise a Substitution Right prior to the Stage 2 End Date, shall be available for AbbVie s exercise of an Option in Stage 3, and shall count toward the Stage 3 Minimum VTPs; provided that with respect to any Additional Proposed VTP that [ ] determines has not achieved VTP Verification, [ ] may, in good faith (and no later than [ ] following [ ] notification that VTP Verification has not been achieved), dispute such determination in accordance with Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs). [ ] .
 (f) AbbVie may, in its sole discretion (regardless of whether the Stage 2 Minimum VTPs were delivered to AbbVie), elect to proceed to Stage 3 by making the Lead Optimization Payment at any time, but in no event later than the earlier of (i) [ ] from the date on which Immunome delivers the corresponding Data Package for the [ ] Validated Target Pair in Stage 1 i.e. , the date on which Immunome delivered to AbbVie the corresponding Data Package in accordance with Section 2.4.3(a) (Diligence; Data Package; Information Requests) for a Proposed VTP that was confirmed by [ ] as achieving VTP Verification, to be the [ ] Validated Target Pair in Stage 1 as set forth in Section 2.2.1(c) (Stage 1)), or (ii) [ ] following notice to Immunome of achievement of completion of [ ] on all of the 

Stage 1 Validated Target Pairs for which AbbVie has exercised an Option. If AbbVie elects not to make the Lead Optimization Payment on or before such date and Immunome has delivered the Stage 2 Minimum VTPs, then: (A) the Research Term shall expire; (B) all exclusivity obligations shall expire except [ ] ; (C) the right of first negotiation set forth in ARTICLE 9 (Buy-Back Option; Right of First Negotiation) shall expire; and (D) Immunome shall have no obligation to generate any further Validated Target Pairs.
 2.2.3 Stage 3 .
 (a) Stage 3 of the Research Plan Stage 3 shall focus on the Development and characterization of the Stage 3 Minimum VTPs.
 (b) Stage 3 shall commence on the day immediately following the Stage 2 End Date, provided AbbVie has made the Lead Optimization Payment in accordance with Section 2.2.2(f) (Stage 2), and shall end [ ] thereafter; provided that Immunome has delivered to AbbVie (i) (A) [ ] Validated Target Pairs and corresponding Data Packages if AbbVie does not elect to make the Stage 3 Payment or (B) [ ] Validated Target Pairs and corresponding Data Packages if AbbVie elects to make the Stage 3 Payment, [ ] and corresponding Data Package for [ ] (collectively, the Stage 3 Minimum VTPs ). If Immunome has not delivered at least the Stage 3 Minimum VTPs to AbbVie by the date that is [ ] following the start of Stage 3, then Stage 3 shall continue until the earlier of (A) the date that is [ ] thereafter, and (B) the date that Immunome delivers the Stage 3 Minimum VTPs (the initial [ ] period and the extension period, if any, the Stage 3 End Date . For clarity, any Rollover VTPs from Stage 2, to the extent not used by AbbVie to exercise a Substitution Right prior to the end of Stage 2, shall count toward the Stage 3 Minimum VTPs.
 (c) During Stage 3, Immunome will continue to identify Qualified Target Pairs and shall promptly present to AbbVie Proposed VTPs along with corresponding Data Packages as and when such Proposed VTP becomes available, as set forth in more detail in Section 2.4.3 (Diligence; Data Package Submission; Information Requests). [ ] after receipt of the Proposed VTP in which to confirm that such Proposed VTP achieves VTP Verification during the VTP Selection Period, subject to Section 2.6.1(a) (Grant of Options). In the event that [ ] reasonably determines that a Proposed VTP delivered by Immunome does not achieve VTP Verification, Immunome shall be required to present to AbbVie further Proposed VTPs in order to meet its Stage 3 Minimum VTPs obligation until [ ] (subject to [ ] that such Proposed VTPs are Validated Target Pairs in accordance with this Section 2.2.3(c) (Stage 3)); provided that with respect to any Additional Proposed VTP that [ ] determines has not achieved VTP Verification, [ ] may, in good faith (and no later than [ ] following [ ] notification that VTP Verification has not been achieved), dispute such determination in accordance with Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs).
 (d) On a VTP-by-VTP basis, during the applicable VTP Selection Period, AbbVie shall have the right to exercise up to [ ] Options from the Validated Target Pairs delivered by Immunome during Stage 3, and, upon making the Stage 3 Payment, AbbVie shall have the right to exercise up to [ ] Options in the aggregate from the Validated Target Pairs delivered by Immunome during Stage 3; in each case of the foregoing, as set forth in more detail in Section 2.6 (Options) and subject to Section 2.9 (No Exercise of Option). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if AbbVie does not exercise an Option for [ ] VTPs delivered by Immunome in Stage 2, [ ] provided that as long as Immunome has met the Stage 2 Minimum VTPs obligation, Immunome s Stage 3 Minimum VTPs obligation shall not be altered by AbbVie s right to exercise such additional Options from Stage 2 during Stage 3.
 (e) If Immunome achieves the Stage 3 Minimum VTPs prior to the date that is [ ] following the start of Stage 3, but AbbVie has not yet exercised ten (10) Options, and the Research Term has not expired, then Immunome shall continue to carry out activities under the Research Plan and 

[ ] for the remainder of the Research Term. Any Additional Proposed VTP that that is confirmed by [ ] as a Validated Target Pair by achieving VTP Verification shall be available for AbbVie s exercise of any of its remaining Options or Substitution Rights; provided that [ ] may, in good faith (and no later than [ ] following [ ] notification that VTP Verification has not been achieved), dispute [ ] determination that a Proposed VTP does not achieve VTP Verification, as set forth in Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs).
 2.2.4 Residual VTPs . If, upon the expiration of the Research Term, AbbVie (a) has exercised fewer than ten (10) Options, and/or (b) has not exhausted its Substitution Rights, AbbVie shall have the right to exercise either an Option (in the case of subclause (a)), and/or a Substitution Right (in the case of subclause (b)) with respect to any Validated Target Pairs that remain at the end of the Research Term and that are still within the applicable VTP Selection Period or Residual Reserved Period (the Residual VTPs ). [With respect to any other Residual VTPs that remain after AbbVie s exercise of ten (10) total Options and [ ] total Substitution Rights, if any, [ ] .In such case, the Parties shall [ ] providing for such [ ] provided that [ ] .
 2.2.5 Futility . Notwithstanding the time periods allocated for each of Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3 set forth in this Section 2.2 (Stages of the Research Plan), if, at any time for a given Stage, Immunome determines, in good faith, that it will not be able to deliver the minimum VTPs specified for such Stage because of scientific or technical infeasibility, and Immunome notifies AbbVie with respect to such scientific or technical infeasibility, then the Parties shall discuss, for a reasonable period (not to exceed [ ] through the JRC, the steps to be taken, including whether it is possible to modify the Research Plan in order to achieve the Aggregate Minimum VTP Obligation. [ ] .
 2.3 VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs . If [ ] , the Parties shall [ ]. With respect to [ ] , (such VTP, an Abandoned VTP (a) Immunome shall [ ] with respect to such Abandoned VTP . Notwithstanding the foregoing, on an Abandoned VTP-by-Abandoned VTP basis, if [ ] , and in such case, such Abandoned VTP shall [ ] shall apply, mutatis mutandis , as if [ ] . If, during such [ ] period [ ] shall apply to each Abandoned VTP [ ] . 
 2.4 Conduct of Research Activities .
 2.4.1 Responsibility . 
 (a) Immunome will have sole responsibility for conducting and completing all activities set forth under the Research Plan, unless otherwise specified as being performed by AbbVie in the Research Plan. [ ] in the performance of its activities under the Research Plan, and to the extent applicable, [ ] in the performance of activities specifically allocated to AbbVie under the Research Plan, [ ] . The Research Plan sets forth a plan for each of Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3, along with an anticipated timeline for the applicable Stage. 
 (b) It is the Parties intent that under the Research Plan, Immunome shall initially evaluate larger numbers of Antibody-target pairs to develop the list of Qualified Target Pairs. [ ] shall be responsible for the selection of the Antibody-target pairs to be included in the Research Plan as Qualified Target Pairs; [ ] .
 2.4.2 License Grant . 
 (a) Immunome (on behalf of itself and its Affiliates), hereby grants to AbbVie and its Affiliates, a limited, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable (in accordance with Section 15.3 (Assignment)), sublicensable (subject to Section 4.3 (Sublicensing Rights)) license (or sublicense, as 

applicable) under the Immunome Background IP and Immunome Improvements that are necessary for AbbVie to perform the research activities, and solely for AbbVie to conduct such activities, allocated to AbbVie under the Research Plan.
 (b) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the Research Term, AbbVie hereby grants to Immunome a limited, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free license under AbbVie Background IP that is necessary for Immunome to perform the research activities, and solely for Immunome to conduct such activities, allocated to Immunome under the Research Plan.
 2.4.3 Diligence; Data Package Submission; Information Requests .
 (a) Immunome will [ ] . Without limiting the foregoing, Immunome will deliver to AbbVie a Data Package for each Proposed VTP for consideration and application of the Selection Criteria and performance of the Selection Activities by AbbVie to confirm as a Validated Target Pair promptly after the corresponding Data Package is available . Promptly following its generation, [ ] will deliver to [ ] (which may be through the JRC) a high-level summary as determined by [ ] in order to assist in the selection of the Proposed VTP that is the subject of the applicable Data Package . For clarity, in order to be a Validated Target Pair, the Proposed VTP must achieve VTP Verification as confirmed [ ] unless application of one (1) or more of the Selection Criteria is otherwise waived [ ] in writing (or the Parties agree to waive any Selection Criteria through the Target Pair Review Group).
 (b) AbbVie shall have [ ] after receipt of the Data Package for the Proposed VTP (or with respect to an Additional Proposed VTP presented by Immunome following exercise by AbbVie of the maximum number of Options allocated to a Stage, [ ] following commencement of the subsequent Stage) in which to review such Data Package, and, if AbbVie determines in good faith that it has not received the complete Data Package, then AbbVie shall notify Immunome promptly upon determining that any data or information or Materials is missing from such Data Package, which notice shall include a list of any such information or Materials that AbbVie considers is missing from such Data Package, and Immunome shall promptly provide AbbVie such information or Materials included in AbbVie s notice. The VTP Selection Period shall commence on the date that AbbVie receives such missing data or information or Materials, provided that in no event would Immunome be required to perform any additional studies or analyses in order to provide such missing information or Materials unless such information or Materials missing from the Data Package constitute deliverables that were required to be included in the Data Package pursuant to the Research Plan. For clarity, notwithstanding the foregoing, during the VTP Selection Period, Immunome shall respond to reasonable inquiries and shall provide AbbVie with any additional Know-How or information relating to the Proposed VTP within its possession and control that is reasonably necessary for AbbVie to evaluate its rights under the Option; provided , that in no event would Immunome be required to perform any additional studies or analyses in order to provide such additional Know-How or information. If, during such [ ] period AbbVie does not deliver a notice of incomplete Data Package to Immunome, such Data Package shall be deemed to be complete as of the initial date of delivery of such Data Package and the VTP Selection Period shall commence on the initial date of delivery of such Data Package. 
 2.4.4 Information and Reports . After the Effective Date and prior to delivery of a Data Package with respect to a Proposed VTP pursuant to Section 2.4.3(a) (Diligence; Data Package Submission; Information Requests), Immunome will (a) provide to a Working Group established by the JRC [ ] during the period since the last Working Group meeting, (b) attend a [ ] Working Group meeting to discuss the summary provided pursuant to subclause (a), and (c) at least [ ] prior to the applicable meeting, provide to the JRC and AbbVie [ ] that shall contain [ ] . The Parties shall strive to ensure that Working Group meetings are at least [ ] prior to a JRC meeting.

2.4.5 AbbVie Supplies . To the extent that AbbVie provides any supplies, reagents, equipment or other tangible asset (the AbbVie Supplies to Immunome in connection with the Research Plan, (a) title to the AbbVie Supplies shall remain with AbbVie at all times, (b) risk of loss shall pass to Immunome while such AbbVie Supplies are possessed by or on behalf of Immunome, and (c) Immunome shall use the AbbVie Supplies solely to conduct the activities set forth in the Research Plan.
 2.5 IP Assignment Obligation . Except where applicable Law requires otherwise: (a) Immunome shall [ ] ; or (b) [ ] provided that Section 6.2.3 (Subcontracting), rather than this Section 2.5 (IP Assignment Obligation), will apply to Know-How, Patent Rights, or other Intellectual Property Rights created by subcontractors performing activities on behalf of Immunome under the Research Plan.
 2.6 Options .
 2.6.1 Grant of Options . During the Term, and on a VTP-by-VTP (and for clarity, on an Abandoned VTP-by-Abandoned VTP) basis, Immunome hereby grants to AbbVie, subject to the limitations on number in each Stage as set forth in Section 2.2 (Stages of the Research Plan), an exclusive first option (up to a maximum of ten (10) in the aggregate), separately exercisable by AbbVie in its sole discretion during the applicable VTP Selection Period (or in accordance with the timeframes set forth in Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs) or Section 9.2 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option), as applicable, to cause Immunome to sell, assign, convey, transfer, and deliver all right, title and interest in and to, for all uses in the Territory and Field, the Option Package Assets (each such an option, an Option ). During the applicable VTP Selection Period, unless waived by AbbVie in writing, AbbVie may conduct the Selection Activities and apply the Selection Criteria for the purpose of allowing AbbVie to confirm whether such Proposed VTP is a Validated Target Pair and to evaluate its rights under the applicable Option, and for no other purpose, subject to the following:
 (a) AbbVie and its Affiliates may conduct Selection Activities through one (1) or more Third Party service providers in accordance with Section 6.2 (Subcontracting). 
 (b) AbbVie hereby covenants on behalf of itself and its Affiliates that, unless and until AbbVie exercises the applicable Option, neither AbbVie nor any of its Affiliates will (and AbbVie and its Affiliates shall require that no Third Party service providers conducting any Selection Activities will) (i) transfer or disclose, or cause to be transferred or disclosed, the corresponding Data Package (in whole or in part) to any Third Party (except to Third Party service providers or Affiliates performing Selection Activities on AbbVie s behalf in accordance with this Section 2.6.1 (Grant of Option)), or (ii) use the Data Package (in whole or in part) for any purpose other than to confirm whether such Proposed VTP (or an Additional Proposed VTP, as applicable) is a Validated Target Pair and/or to evaluate AbbVie s rights under the applicable Option, and for no other purpose. 
 2.6.2 Exercise of Option .
 (a) On a VTP-by-VTP (and for clarity, on an Abandoned VTP-by-Abandoned VTP) basis, [ ] ]AbbVie may exercise an Option during the applicable VTP Selection Period (or the time periods set forth in Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs) or Section 9.2 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option), as applicable) by, subject to Section 2.8 (HSR), providing written notice thereof to Immunome (each such notice, an Exercise Notice ). If AbbVie exercises an Option, AbbVie will pay to Immunome the Option Exercise Fee in accordance with Section 7.3 (Option Exercise Fee), [ ] .
 (b) Immunome will provide to AbbVie an Updated Disclosure Schedule with respect to Immunome s representations and warranties set forth in Section 12.2 (Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Immunome) within [ ] following Immunome s delivery to AbbVie of the 

applicable Data Package with respect to a Validated Target Pair (or, as applicable, [ ] following delivery to AbbVie of the applicable Abandoned VTP Package); provided that upon the Option Effective Date, Immunome will promptly (and no later than [ ] thereafter) notify AbbVie in writing if any of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 12.2 (Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Immunome) are no longer true and correct in any material respects and will update the Updated Disclosure Schedule to reflect any such change. For clarity, AbbVie reserves the right to revoke its Exercise Notice as a result of any update to an Updated Disclosure Schedule; provided that [ ] .
 2.7 Activities under Research Plan after Option Effective Date . If AbbVie exercises an Option with respect to a QTP or a Proposed VTP prior to the completion of activities required under the Research Plan for such QTP or Proposed VTP, then, unless otherwise requested by AbbVie in writing, Immunome will remain responsible for completing all such remaining activities required under the Research Plan for such QTP or Proposed VTP during the Research Term in accordance with the terms of Section 2.4 (Conduct of Research Activities).
 2.8 HSR .
 2.8.1 If AbbVie determines in its sole discretion prior to the delivery of the Exercise Notice or Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Notice, as applicable, for an Option or Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option that the transactions to be consummated upon the exercise of the Option require HSR Filings, AbbVie may provide (a) the Exercise Notice for the Option to Immunome prior to the end of the applicable VTP Selection Period or, with respect to an Abandoned VTP pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs), within [ ] of [ ] determination that the applicable Proposed VTP has failed to achieve VTP Verification, or (b) an Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Notice prior to the end of the applicable Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Period, which notice shall include AbbVie s irrevocable binding commitment to complete the exercise of the Option or Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option, subject only to HSR Clearance and the terms of this Section 2.8 (HSR), and the applicable VTP Selection Period (or such [ ] period referred to in the foregoing subclause (a), or Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Period, as applicable) shall automatically be extended for so long as is necessary for AbbVie to obtain HSR Clearance (the HSR Extension Period ).
 2.8.2 If HSR Filings are required, each Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and file its respective HSR Filing as promptly as is practicable and advisable, with the goal of filing the HSR Filings within [ ] after Immunome receiving the Exercise Notice for the applicable Option or promptly thereafter.
 2.8.3 If the exercise by AbbVie of an Option under Section 2.6.2 (Exercise of Option) requires the making of filings under the HSR Act, then all rights and obligations related to the exercise of the Option (including payment of any Option Exercise Fee or Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Fee) and the selling, assignment, conveyance, transfer, and delivery of the applicable Option Package Assets shall be tolled until the HSR Clearance.
 2.8.4 Nothing in this Section 2.8 (HSR) or otherwise in this Agreement shall require either Party to (a) offer, accept or agree to sell, divest (including through a license or a reversion of licensed or assigned rights), hold separate, transfer, or dispose of any assets, operations, rights, product lines, or businesses, or interests therein, of itself or any of its Affiliates (or consent to any of the foregoing actions), (b) offer, accept or agree to any restraint, prohibition or limitation on the ownership, operation or conduct of all or any portion of the businesses or assets of itself or any of its Affiliates in any part of the world, or (c) litigate or otherwise formally oppose any determination (whether judicial or administrative in nature) by a Governmental Authority seeking to impose any of the restrictions referenced in clause (a) or (b) above; 

provided that neither Party shall agree to or effectuate any remedy without the prior written consent of the other Party.
 2.9 No Exercise of Option .
 2.9.1 If AbbVie does not deliver an Exercise Notice for an Option for a Validated Target Pair during the applicable VTP Selection Period, then, except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, such Validated Target Pair shall no longer be available for exercise of an Option by AbbVie, provided that (a) such Validated Target Pair shall still count towards Immunome s Validated Target Pair delivery obligations for the Stage in which the applicable Data Package was delivered to AbbVie, and (b) for the [ ] period following the expiration of the VTP Selection Period (the Residual Reserved Period ), such Validated Target Pair (an Available Substitute VTP shall remain available for AbbVie to select by the exercise of a Substitution Right, as set forth in Section 2.10 (Substitution Rights). For clarity, AbbVie may not subsequently exercise an Option for a VTP for which it did not deliver an Exercise Notice, other than by exercising the Substitution Right during the Residual Reserved Period. For further clarity, a Validated Target Pair that is delivered by Immunome as to which AbbVie is unable to exercise its Option because it has already exercised the maximum number of Options allotted under a particular Stage shall be rolled over to and available for exercise as an Option in the subsequent Stage (such VTP, a Rollover VTP ). Each Rollover VTP shall count towards Immunome s Validated Target Pair delivery obligations for the subsequent Stage into which such Validated Target Pair rolls over, provided that the VTP Selection Period for such Rollover VTP shall start at the commencement of such subsequent Stage, notwithstanding the fact that AbbVie shall have the right to commence conducting Selection Activities prior to commencement of the next Stage.
 2.9.2 If AbbVie does not exercise its Substitution Right with respect to an Available Substitute VTP during the Residual Reserved Period, then such Available Substitute VTP shall thereafter become a Rejected VTP , and at such point, (a) Immunome shall have the right to independently progress a program of research and development in connection with such Rejected VTP, subject to AbbVie s right of first negotiation, as set forth in ARTICLE 9 (Buy-Back Option; Right of First Negotiation), and (b) Immunome may use the summary Target Expression Data previously provided by AbbVie as part of the Research Plan for Immunome s Exploitation of the Rejected VTP (subject to AbbVie s right of first negotiation in ARTICLE 9 (Buy-Back Option; Right of First Negotiation)).
 2.9.3 For clarity, a Validated Target Pair for which AbbVie has exercised an Option that is later substituted out and replaced by AbbVie with an Available Substitute VTP i.e. , AbbVie exercised its applicable Option and thereafter substituted that Validated Target Pair for an Available Substitute VTP) (a Substituted VTP shall no longer be subject to the exclusivity obligations otherwise described herein, or to the right of first negotiation, as of the date of substitution and Immunome shall have the right to progress development with respect to such Substituted VTP itself or with a Third Party.
 2.9.4 For further clarity, this Section 2.9 (No Exercise of Option) shall not apply with respect to Abandoned VTPs, which shall be subject to Section 9.2 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option). 
 2.10 Substitution Rights .
 (a) Subject to Section 2.2.4 (Residual VTPs) and Section 4.2 (Substituted VTPs), during the Research Term and following the Stage 1 End Date, AbbVie shall have the right to substitute up to [ ] Validated Target Pairs (in the aggregate) for which it has exercised an Option at any time prior to completion of Lead Optimization for such Validated Target Pair by replacing such Validated Target Pair(s) with alternative Validated Target Pairs, without further cost and without utilizing another Option. For clarity, AbbVie shall be able to substitute, in place of a Validated Target Pair that was the 

subject of an Option, any then-existing Validated Target Pair discovered and characterized by Immunome under the Research Plan for which AbbVie has not previously exercised an Option that remains within (i) the VTP Selection Period, or (ii) the Residual Reserved Period, for such Validated Target Pair, in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.10 (Substitution Rights). AbbVie s Substitution Right may only be separately exercisable once for each of up to [ ] Validated Target Pairs (in the aggregate) for which AbbVie has exercised an Option.
 (b) AbbVie shall have the following substitution rights for Validated Target Pairs (each, a Substitution Right ): (i) [ ] Substitution Right may be exercised following the Stage 1 End Date but prior to payment of the Lead Generation Payment, and (ii) [ ] additional Substitution Rights may be exercised following (A) the Stage 1 End Date and (B) payment of the Lead Generation Payment, for a total of [ ] Substitution Rights in the aggregate. For clarity, if AbbVie does not exercise its [ ] Substitution Right prior to payment of the Lead Generation Payment, such Substitution Right may still be exercised at any time following the Lead Generation Payment. No Substitution Right may be exercised for a Validated Target Pair following the completion of Lead Optimization for such Validated Target Pair.
 (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) [ ] with respect to any Residual VTPs as set forth in Section 2.2.4 (Residual VTPs) until completion of Lead Optimization for the last Validated Target Pair delivered by Immunome, and (ii) [ ] , provided that such Rejected VTP is not, at the time requested by AbbVie, the subject of [ ] . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Immunome shall not be required to conduct any research activities (including, for clarity, to generate and provide any additional VTPs to AbbVie) following the expiration of the Research Term even if AbbVie has unexercised Substitution Rights at the end of the Research Term.
 2.10.2 For further clarity, this Section 2.10 (Substitution Rights) shall not apply with respect to Abandoned VTPs, which shall be subject to Section 9.2 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option). 
 2.11 Target Disclosures . 
 2.11.1 Target Disclosure Determination . The Parties intend to evaluate, during the activities under the Research Plan, through the Target Pair Review Group, whether any Included Target is the subject of a Target Disclosure in accordance with this Section 2.11 (Target Disclosures). 
 2.11.2 Initial Target Disclosure Prior to Option Effective Date . During the conduct of activities under the Research Plan, on an Included Target-by-Included Target basis, if the Parties agree in writing, at any time prior to the Option Effective Date (including during the VTP Selection Period), that an Included Target is already the subject of a Target Disclosure (the Initial Target Disclosure ), and (a) if such Initial Target Disclosure is a Low Impact Disclosure, and such Low Impact Disclosure occurs prior to the Proposed VTP Commitment Point, (i) the Parties may mutually agree that [ ] , or (ii) the Parties may agree in writing that [ ] . If the Parties agree in writing that [ ] , then the activities under the Research Plan shall be unaffected, and Immunome shall continue to generate a Data Package for such Included Target (unless there is a subsequent High Impact Disclosure under Section 2.11.4(a) (Subsequent Target Disclosure Prior to Option Exercise)), and [ ] shall be unaffected by such Low Impact Disclosure (unless impacted by (A) a subsequent High Impact Disclosure prior to Option Effective Date, in which case Section 2.11.4(a) (Subsequent Target Disclosure Prior to Option Exercise) shall apply, (B) a subsequent Low Impact Disclosure prior to Option Effective Date, in which case Section 2.11.4(b) (Subsequent Target Disclosure Prior to Option Exercise) shall apply, or (C) further Target Disclosure following the Option Effective Date, in which case, [ ] shall be reduced in accordance with Section 7.7.3 [ ] ), and (b) if such Initial Target Disclosure is a High Impact Disclosure, and such High Impact Disclosure occurs prior to the Proposed VTP Commitment Point, (i) the Parties may mutually agree that [ ] , or (ii) the Parties may agree in writing that [ ] . If the Parties agree in writing that [ ] then Sections 2.11.3 (No Subsequent 

Target Disclosure Prior to Option Exercise) through 2.11.5 (Subsequent Target Disclosure Following Option Exercise) below will apply, as applicable . For clarity, (x) if the first Low Impact Disclosure occurs following the Proposed VTP Commitment Point or (y) if the first High Impact Disclosure occurs following the Proposed VTP Commitment Point, then in each case ((x) or (y)), Immunome shall have the right to continue to generate a Data Package for a Proposed VTP for the applicable Included Target, and Sections 2.11.3 (No Subsequent Target Disclosure Prior to Option Exercise), 2.11.4 (Subsequent Target Disclosure Prior to Option Exercise) and 2.11.5 (Subsequent Target Disclosure Following Option Exercise) shall apply, as applicable. 
 2.11.3 No Subsequent Target Disclosure Prior to Option Exercise . If, between the date of the Initial Target Disclosure and the Option Effective Date, there is no further High Impact Disclosure, and AbbVie exercises its Option with respect to such Included Target, then for purposes of the reduction [ ] the Target Disclosure shall be deemed a Low Impact Disclosure and Section 7.7.3(c) [ ] shall apply with respect to Products directed to such Included Target. 
 2.11.4 Subsequent Target Disclosure Prior to Option Exercise . 
 (a) If, between the date of the Initial Target Disclosure and the Option Effective Date, there is a subsequent High Impact Disclosure and (i) if such High Impact Disclosure occurs after the Proposed VTP Commitment Point, Immunome shall have the right to continue to generate a Data Package for a Proposed VTP for such Included Target, or (ii) if such High Impact Disclosure occurs prior to the Proposed VTP Commitment Point, (A) the Parties may mutually agree that [ ] , or (B) the Parties may agree in writing that [ ] . If Immunome presents a Data Package to AbbVie following subsequent High Impact Disclosures under this Section 2.11.4(a) (Subsequent Target Disclosure Prior to Option Exercise) (including if the Parties agree [ ] ), and AbbVie exercises its Option with respect to such Included Target, then for purposes of the reduction [ ] ,[such subsequent High Impact Disclosure shall be deemed a Low Impact Disclosure, and Section 7.7.3(c) [ ] shall apply to [ ] on Products directed to such Included Target, unless there is a subsequent High Impact Disclosure after the Option Effective Date (in which case, Section 7.7.3(b) [ ] shall apply). 
 (b) If, between the date of the Initial Target Disclosure and the Option Effective Date, there is a subsequent Low Impact Disclosure and (i) if such Low Impact Disclosure occurs after the Proposed VTP Commitment Point, Immunome shall have the right to continue to generate a Data Package for a Proposed VTP for such Included Target, and (ii) if such Low Impact Disclosure occurs prior to the Proposed VTP Commitment Point, (A) the Parties may mutually agree that [ ] , or (B) the Parties may agree in writing that [ ] . If Immunome presents a Data Package to AbbVie following subsequent Low Impact Disclosures under this Section 2.11.4(b) (Subsequent Target Disclosure Prior to Option Exercise), and AbbVie exercises its Option with respect to the applicable Validated Target Pair, then the Target Disclosure shall remain a Low Impact Disclosure, and Section 7.7.3(c) [ ] shall apply to any [ ] on Products directed to such Included Target, unless there is a further High Impact Disclosure after the Option Effective Date (in which case, Section 7.7.3(b) [ ] shall apply).
 2.11.5 Subsequent Target Disclosure Following Option Exercise . If, following the Initial Target Disclosure, there is (a) a subsequent High Impact Disclosure following the Option Effective Date, then [ ] shall thereafter be reduced in accordance with Section 7.7.3(b) [ ] on the basis of such High Impact Disclosure, or (b) a subsequent Low Impact Disclosure following the Option Effective Date, then [ ] shall thereafter be reduced in accordance with Section 7.7.3(c) [ ] on the basis of such Low Impact Disclosure. 
 2.11.6 No Target Disclosure Prior to Option Effective Date . If the Parties do not agree in writing prior to the Option Effective Date that an Included Target is already the subject of a Target 

Disclosure, then [ ] shall be unaffected unless subsequently impacted by a Target Disclosure following the Option Effective Date, in which case, [ ] shall be subject to any reductions in accordance with Section 7.7.3 [ ] .
 2.11.7 Disagreement on Continuing with Research Plan Following Disclosure . For clarity, if [ ] under Section 2.11.2 (Initial Target Disclosure Prior to Option Effective Date) or Section 2.11.4 (Subsequent Target Disclosure Prior to Option Exercise) and Immunome disagrees; notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if Immunome continues performance of the Research Plan, then [ ] .
 ARTICLE 3 MANAGEMENT OF THE RESEARCH 
 3.1 Joint Research Committee . Within [ ] after the Effective Date, the Parties shall establish a joint research committee (the JRC to serve as the oversight and decision-making body for the activities to be conducted by the Parties pursuant to the Research Plan, as more fully described in this ARTICLE 3 (Management of the Research). The JRC shall consist of [ ] representatives from each Party, each of whom shall be an employee of such Party and shall have the requisite experience, knowledge, and seniority to enable such Person to make decisions on behalf of the Parties with respect to the issues falling within the jurisdiction of the JRC. From time to time, each Party may substitute one (1) or more of its employee representatives to the JRC on written notice to the other Party . The chairperson of the JRC will be a representative of AbbVie. From time to time, AbbVie may change the representative who will serve as chairperson on written notice to Immunome.
 3.2 Responsibilities . The JRC shall perform the following functions, subject to the final decision-making authority of the respective Parties as set forth in Section 3.5 (Decision-Making):
 (a) oversee the activities under the Research Plan;
 (b) review and decide whether to approve (and if so decided, approve in writing) any proposed amendment to the Research Plan;
 (c) monitor execution of and discuss output of the Research Plan;
 (d) facilitate and coordinate the exchange of information between the Parties regarding the Research Plan;
 (e) establish Working Groups, if so desired by the Parties;
 (f) review (i) reports submitted by Immunome under Section 2.4.4 (Information and Reports), and (ii) progress of the activities under the Research Plan, generally;
 (g) serve as an initial forum for discussion of any decisions, issues or disputes arising (i) from the conduct of the activities under the Research Plan, and (ii) in any Working Group;
 (h) review, discuss and make recommendations regarding QTPs to be prioritized in the Research Plan as proposed by the Target Pair Review Group;
 (i) review and discuss any reasonable disputes regarding whether VTP Verification has been achieved for a given Proposed VTP;

(j) review and resolve any reports, recommendations or disputes of any Working Group;
 (k) assign responsibilities that may fall within the purview of more than one (1) Working Group to a particular Working Group;
 (l) determine whether the minimum Validated Target Pair requirements in a given Stage no longer warrants further research because of scientific or technical infeasibility, pursuant to Section 2.2.5 (Futility), and discuss the steps to be taken, including whether it is possible to modify the Research Plan in order to achieve such minimum VTP requirements in each Stage; and
 (m) perform such other responsibilities as may be assigned to the JRC pursuant to this Agreement or as may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties from time to time.
 For clarity, the JRC shall not have any authority beyond the specific matters set forth in this Section 3.2 (Responsibilities) and, further, the JRC s authority shall be subject to the limitations set forth in Section 3.5 (Decision-Making). 3.3 Meetings and Minutes . The JRC shall meet [ ] or as otherwise agreed to by the Parties (including on an ad hoc basis), but in any event shall have at least [ ] in-person or video conference meetings per Calendar Year. To the extent the Parties agree to meet in-person, the location of any such in-person meetings shall alternate between locations designated by Immunome and locations designated by AbbVie, with AbbVie choosing the location for the first in-person meeting. The chairperson of the JRC shall be responsible for calling meetings on no less than [ ] notice. Each Party shall make all proposals for agenda items and shall provide all appropriate information with respect to such proposed items at least [ ] in advance of the applicable meeting; provided that under exigent circumstances requiring input by the JRC, a Party may provide its agenda items to the other Party within a shorter period of time in advance of the meeting, or may propose that there not be a specific agenda for a particular meeting, so long as the other Party consents to such later addition of such agenda items or the absence of a specific agenda for such meeting, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The chairperson of the JRC shall prepare and circulate, for review and approval of the Parties, minutes of each meeting of the JRC within [ ] after the meeting. The Parties shall agree on the minutes of each meeting promptly, but in no event later than the next meeting of the JRC. Such minutes shall be deemed final upon signature by an Alliance Manager of each Party.
 3.4 Procedural Rules . The JRC shall have the right to adopt such standing rules as shall be necessary for its work, to the extent that such rules are not inconsistent with this Agreement. A quorum of the JRC shall exist whenever there is present at a meeting at least [ ] representatives appointed by each Party. Representatives of the Parties on the JRC may attend a meeting either in-person or by telephone or video conference. Representation by proxy shall be allowed. The JRC shall take action by consensus of the representatives present at a meeting at which a quorum exists, with each Party having a single vote irrespective of the number of representatives of such Party in attendance, or by a written resolution signed by at least one (1) representative appointed by each Party. A reasonable number of employees or consultants of either Party who are not representatives of the Parties on the JRC, and who are involved in the activities that are the subject of discussion at the applicable JRC meeting may attend meetings of the JRC; provided that (a) such attendees (i) shall not vote or otherwise participate in the decision-making process of the JRC and (ii) are bound by obligations of confidentiality and non-disclosure equivalent to those set forth in ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality), and (b) each Party shall have the right to reasonably excuse the other Party s consultants from a meeting at any time.

3.5 Decision-Making . The JRC will endeavor to make decisions by consensus, with each of AbbVie and Immunome having one (1) vote. If consensus is not reached by the Parties representatives pursuant to such vote, then the matter may be escalated by either Party to the Executive Officers. In the event the Executive Officers are unable to resolve a dispute, [ ] ; provided that, (i) [ ] , (ii) [ ] and (iii) [ ] . For clarity, [ ] shall not be subject to the dispute resolution mechanism set forth in Section 15.2 (Dispute Resolution). For example, [ ] . For clarity and notwithstanding the creation of the JRC, each Party shall retain the rights, powers and discretion granted to it hereunder, and, except as otherwise agreed upon by the Parties in writing, the JRC shall not be delegated or vested with such rights, powers or discretion unless such delegation or vesting is expressly provided herein. The JRC shall not have the power to (A) amend, waive or modify any term of this Agreement, and no decision of the JRC shall be in contravention of any terms and conditions of this Agreement, (B) determine whether or not a Party has complied with any of its obligations under this Agreement, (C) require either Party to violate any applicable Law or any agreement that a Party has with a Third Party, or (D) determine any issue in a manner that would conflict with the express terms of this Agreement. It is understood and agreed that issues to be formally decided by the JRC are limited to those specific issues that are expressly provided in this Agreement to be decided by the JRC.
 3.6 Alliance Managers . Promptly after the formation of the JRC, each Party shall appoint an employee (who may not be a then-current member of the JRC) to act as alliance manager for such Party (each, an Alliance Manager ). Each Alliance Manager shall thereafter be permitted to attend meetings of the JRC as a nonvoting observer. The Alliance Managers shall (a) be the primary point of contact for the Parties regarding the activities contemplated by this Agreement, and (b) work together to manage and facilitate the communication between the Parties under this Agreement, including the resolution (in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) of any disputes between the Parties that arise in connection with this Agreement. The Alliance Managers shall also be responsible for assisting the JRC in performing its oversight responsibilities. The name and contact information for each Party s Alliance Manager, as well as any replacement chosen by such Party, in its sole discretion, from time to time, shall be promptly provided to the other Party in accordance with Section 15.5 (Notices). Any disagreement between the Alliance Managers of AbbVie and Immunome shall be referred to the JRC for resolution.
 3.7 Discontinuation of the JRC .
 3.7.1 Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, on a VTP-by-VTP basis, upon AbbVie s exercise of an Option with respect to a Validated Target Pair, the JRC shall not have any further role or oversight with respect to such Validated Target Pair.
 3.7.2 Upon the end of the Research Term, the role of the JRC and each Working Group shall be automatically disbanded and the Alliance Manager roles shall be automatically terminated; provided , however , that in the event that upon the expiration of the Research Term, there are unused Substitution Rights, the Alliance Manager roles shall continue until such time that AbbVie has exhausted all of its Substitution Rights subject to Section 2.10 (Substitution Rights) or until completion of Lead Optimization for the last Validated Target Pair delivered by Immunome.
 3.8 Interactions Between the JRC and Internal Teams . The Parties recognize that each Party possesses an internal structure (including various committees, teams and review boards) that will be involved in administering such Party s activities under this Agreement. Nothing contained in this ARTICLE 3 (Management of the Research) shall prevent a Party from making routine day-to-day decisions relating to the conduct of those activities for which it has a performance or other obligations hereunder, in each case, in a manner consistent with the then-current Research Plan and the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

3.9 Working Groups . The JRC may establish and delegate duties to other committees or directed teams (each, a Working Group to oversee particular projects or activities, including a Working Group tasked with, inter alia : (a) assessing Qualified Target Pairs and proposing QTPs to be prioritized to the JRC, (b) determining whether continued activities for a Qualified Target Pair are futile or scientifically or technically infeasible, and (c) reviewing and discussing the summary level results of the Selection Activities (the Target Pair Review Group ). Each such Working Group shall be constituted and shall operate as the JRC determines; provided that each Working Group shall have sufficient representation from each Party; provided , further , that each Working Group shall follow governance practices consistent with those applicable to the JRC (except that any dispute between the representatives of each Party on a Working Group shall be referred to the JRC for resolution in accordance with Section 3.2(g) (Responsibilities) and Section 3.5 (Decision-Making)) and the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Working Groups may be established on an ad hoc basis for purposes of a specific project, for the term of the JRC or on such other basis as the JRC may determine; provided that, during the period that a given Working Group is in effect, such Working Group shall meet on a [ ] basis or as otherwise agreed to by the Parties (including on an ad hoc basis). Each Working Group and its activities shall be subject to the oversight, review and approval of, and shall report to, the JRC. In no event shall the authority of the Working Group exceed that specified for the JRC in this ARTICLE 3 (Management of the Research).
 3.10 Expenses . Each Party shall be responsible for all travel and related costs and expenses for its members and other representatives to attend meetings of, and otherwise participate on, the JRC or other Working Group.
 3.11 Authority . Each Party will retain the rights, powers and discretion granted to it under this Agreement and no such rights, powers or discretion will be delegated to or vested in the JRC or any Working Group unless such delegation or vesting of rights is expressly provided for in this Agreement or the Parties expressly so agree in writing.
 ARTICLE 4 ASSIGNMENT OF OPTION PACKAGE ASSETS; LICENSE GRANTS 
 4.1 Assignment and License Grants to AbbVie .
 4.1.1 Option Package Assets . On a VTP-by-VTP basis, upon AbbVie s exercise of an Option with respect to a Validated Target Pair (including any Abandoned VTP upon exercise by AbbVie of the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option or Option pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs)) in accordance with Section 2.6.2 (Exercise of Option) or Section 9.2 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option), as applicable, and subject to Section 2.8.3 (HSR) and Section 4.2.1 (Substituted VTPs), Immunome hereby (and shall cause its Affiliates to) sells, transfers, conveys, assigns and delivers to AbbVie all of Immunome s and its Affiliates right, title and interest in and to the applicable Option Package Assets with respect to such Validated Target Pair free and clear of all Encumbrances . Within [ ] after such Option Effective Date, and to the extent not already in AbbVie s possession, Immunome shall deliver the applicable Option Package Assets to an AbbVie-designated location (the Delivery Site [ ] and AbbVie will take delivery of the same. Title and risk of loss or damage to any Option Package Asset will pass to AbbVie [ ] . If, at any time following AbbVie s exercise of an Option, Immunome becomes aware that certain Materials, information or assets with respect to the VTP for which AbbVie had exercised its Option should have been transferred to AbbVie but was inadvertently held back and not transferred to AbbVie, it shall promptly notify AbbVie in writing [ ] .
 4.1.2 Excluded Liabilities . AbbVie shall not assume, nor shall it be liable for, or otherwise be obligated to pay, perform or discharge, any Liabilities of Immunome or its Affiliates, including any Liabilities arising from or related to the Option Package Assets prior to the exercise of the Option (such 

Liabilities, the Excluded Liabilities ). Immunome shall be solely responsible for all such Excluded Liabilities.
 4.1.3 Option Package License . In the event that there is any Research Program IP with respect to a Validated Target Pair (including any Abandoned VTP upon exercise by AbbVie of the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option or Option pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs)) that cannot be transferred and assigned to AbbVie at the time of Option exercise, then, on a VTP-by-VTP basis, upon AbbVie s exercise of an Option with respect to a Validated Target Pair in accordance with Section 2.6.2 (Exercise of Option) or Section 9.2 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option), as applicable, and subject to Section 2.8.3 (HSR) and Section 4.2.2 (Substituted VTPs), Immunome (on behalf of itself and its Affiliates) hereby grants to AbbVie and its Affiliates, effective as of the Option Effective Date, an exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable (except in such instance where such VTP becomes a Substituted VTP), transferable (in accordance with Section 15.3 (Assignment)), sublicensable (subject to Section 4.3 (Sublicensing Rights)) license (or sublicense, as applicable) under all such Research Program IP not included in the Option Package Asset that (a) relates to the Validated Target Pair that is the subject of the applicable Data Package, and (b) is necessary or reasonably useful for the Exploitation of Identified Antibodies or Products, in each case ((a) and (b)), to use and practice such Research Program IP in connection with the Exploitation of Products or the Option Package Assets in connection with the Exploitation of Products (collectively, the Option Package License ). 
 4.1.4 Limited Grant-Back License to Immunome . On a VTP-by-VTP basis, following AbbVie s exercise of an Option with respect to a Validated Target Pair (including any Abandoned VTP upon exercise by AbbVie of the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option or Option pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs)), AbbVie hereby grants to Immunome, effective as of the Option Effective Date, a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, fully paid-up, royalty free license with the right to sublicense (solely in accordance with Section 6.2.2 (Subcontracting)) under the Research Program IP included in the applicable Option Package Asset solely as necessary for Immunome to continue to perform its obligations under the Research Plan. 
 4.1.5 Unblocking License . Immunome (on behalf of itself and its Affiliates) hereby grants to AbbVie and its Affiliates on the Effective Date, a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable (in accordance with Section 15.3 (Assignment)), sublicensable (subject to Section 4.3 (Sublicensing Rights)), perpetual, irrevocable license (or sublicense, as applicable) under (a) the Immunome Background IP, Immunome Improvement Patents and Immunome Improvements, and (b) any Intellectual Property Rights Controlled by Immunome pursuant to the terms of any Product In-License Agreement (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights in (a) and (b), the Unblocking IP ), to the extent [ ] (collectively, the Unblocking License . For clarity, [ ] . 
 4.2 Substituted VTPs .
 4.2.1 On a Substituted VTP-by-Substituted VTP basis, upon AbbVie s exercise of a Substitution Right pursuant to Section 2.10 (Substitution Right), AbbVie hereby (and shall cause its Affiliates to) sells, transfers, conveys, assigns and delivers to Immunome all of AbbVie s and its Affiliates right, title and interest in and to the applicable Option Package Assets (taking into account that the amount of Materials may be less than that originally transferred to AbbVie if utilized by AbbVie prior to substitution) with respect to such Substituted VTP free and clear of all Encumbrances . Within [ ] of AbbVie s exercise of the applicable Substitution Right, AbbVie shall deliver the applicable Option Package Assets to an Immunome-designated location (the Return Site [ ] and Immunome will take delivery of the same . Title and risk of loss or damage to such Option Package Asset will pass to Immunome [ ] . If, at any time following AbbVie s exercise of a Substitution Right, AbbVie becomes aware that certain materials, information or assets with respect to the applicable Substituted VTP should have been transferred 

to Immunome but was inadvertently held back and not transferred to Immunome, it shall promptly notify Immunome in writing [ ] . In addition, (a) Immunome may use the summary [ ] previously provided by AbbVie as part of the Research Plan for Immunome s Exploitation of the Substituted VTP, and (b) to the extent applicable, AbbVie shall assign to Immunome all of AbbVie s and its Affiliates right, title and interest in and to any Patent Rights filed by AbbVie and/or its Affiliates that claim or cover the composition of matter of the specific patient-derived Antibody delivered to AbbVie in the Data Package with respect to the Substituted VTP. 
 4.2.2 Upon AbbVie s exercise of a Substitution Right pursuant to Section 2.10 (Substitution Right), each of the Option Package License granted to AbbVie and its Affiliates pursuant to Section 4.1.3 (Option Package License) and the Unblocking License granted to AbbVie and its Affiliates pursuant to Section 4.1.5 (Unblocking License), in each case, solely as each relates to the Substituted VTP, shall terminate.
 4.3 Sublicensing Rights . AbbVie shall have the right to grant and authorize sublicenses under the rights granted to it under the Option Package License and the Unblocking License to any Third Parties [ ] [ (each such Third Party, a Sublicensee provided that (a) each Sublicensee shall be subject to a written agreement (each, a Sublicense Agreement that is consistent with the terms and conditions hereof that are applicable to AbbVie, (b) AbbVie shall remain responsible and liable for the performance of all of its Sublicensees, including payment of all amounts owed to Immunome pursuant to this Agreement in connection with activities of a Sublicensee, regardless of whether the terms of any Sublicense Agreement provide for such amount to be paid by the Sublicensee directly to Immunome, (c) AbbVie will remain directly responsible for its obligations under this Agreement, regardless of whether any such obligation is delegated, subcontracted or sublicensed to any of its Sublicensees, and (d) if AbbVie grants a Sublicensee any rights under any Patent Right within the Unblocking IP and expressly lists or recites such Patent Right in the Sublicense Agreement, then within [ ] after the execution of such Sublicense Agreement, AbbVie shall provide Immunome a written notice (i) identifying the Sublicensee (unless prohibited from doing so) and (ii) describing the scope of the sublicense granted under such Sublicense Agreement.
 4.4 No Other Rights . Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, under no circumstances shall a Party or any Third Party, as a result of this Agreement, obtain any ownership interest, license right or other right in any Know-How, Patent Rights or other Intellectual Property Rights of the other Party or any of its Affiliates.
 ARTICLE 5 ABBVIE ACTIVITIES 
 5.1 AbbVie Development and Commercialization . Following the applicable Option Effective Date, with respect to the applicable Option Package Asset, other than any activities allocated to Immunome under the Research Plan, if applicable, AbbVie shall have the sole right and sole discretion to conduct [ ] .
 ARTICLE 6 GENERAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO ACTIVITIES 
 6.1 Compliance . All Development activities to be conducted by a Party under the Research Plan shall be conducted (a) in compliance with applicable Laws, including all applicable good laboratory practice requirements and good clinical practice requirements, (b) consistent with good scientific manner, and (c) consistent with industry practice.
 6.2 Subcontracting .

6.2.1 AbbVie shall have the right to engage Third Party subcontractors to perform any of its activities under this Agreement (including any Selection Activities and Target Expression Data-generating activities); provided that (a) each of such Third Party subcontractor shall be bound by terms and conditions consistent with those set forth in this Agreement, including confidentiality and non-use obligations and intellectual property assignment provisions [ ] , (b) AbbVie shall be solely responsible for the work allocated to its Third Party subcontractors to the same extent it would if it had conducted the activities itself, and (c) AbbVie shall be liable for acts and omissions of its Third Party subcontractors hereunder, and any and all failures by such Third Party subcontractor to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
 6.2.2 Immunome shall have the right to subcontract its Development activities under this Agreement to any Third Party subcontractor; provided that (a) each of such Third Party subcontractor shall be bound by terms and conditions consistent with those set forth in this Agreement, including confidentiality and non-use obligations and intellectual property assignment provisions [ ] , (b) Immunome shall provide a written notice of engaging such Third Party subcontractor within [ ] prior to the effective date of such engagement, (c) Immunome shall be solely responsible for the work allocated to its Third Party subcontractors to the same extent it would if it had conducted the activities itself, and (d) Immunome shall be liable for acts and omissions of its Third Party subcontractors hereunder, and any and all failures by such Third Party subcontractor to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
 6.2.3 [ ] .
 6.3 Records and Reports .
 6.3.1 Each Party shall, and shall require its Affiliates and permitted subcontractors to, maintain complete, secure, current and accurate records of all work conducted pursuant to its Development activities under the Research Plan, and all Research Know-How made in conducting such activities, in each case of the foregoing, in accordance with such Party s (or the relevant Affiliate s or subcontractor s) standard policies for retention of such records and applicable Law. Such records shall accurately reflect all such work done and results achieved in sufficient detail to verify compliance with its obligations under this Agreement and shall be in good scientific manner appropriate for applicable patent and regulatory purposes. Each Party shall (a) record only its Development activities performed pursuant to this Agreement and the generation of any Research Know-How in such books and records, and (b) avoid including or commingling such books and records with other records of activities performed outside the scope of this Agreement.
 6.3.2 In addition to reports provided by Immunome to the JRC of activities under the Research Plan, (a) AbbVie shall report to the JRC a summary of all data and results arising from AbbVie s conduct of activities under the Research Plan (including, by way of example [ ] , and (b) each Party will provide high-level, summary updates of such books and records maintained by such Party pursuant to this Section 6.3 (Records and Reports) upon the other Party s reasonable request.
 ARTICLE 7 UPFRONT FEE; MILESTONES AND ROYALTIES; PAYMENTS 
 7.1 Upfront Fee . No later than [ ] following the Effective Date, AbbVie shall pay Immunome a one-time, non-refundable, non-creditable upfront payment of Thirty Million Dollars (US 30,000,000) as partial consideration for the rights and licenses granted to AbbVie hereunder. Nothing in this Section 7.1 (Upfront Fee) is intended, or should be construed, to limit AbbVie s right to recover the foregoing amounts as damages, as applicable.
 7.2 One-Time Platform Access Payments .

7.2.1 End of Stage 1 Payment . AbbVie may elect, in its sole discretion, to initiate Stage 2, by paying Immunome a non-refundable, non-creditable payment of [ ] (the End of Stage 1 Payment at any time, but in no event later than the timeframe set forth in Section 2.2.1(f) (Stage 1). 
 7.2.2 Lead Generation Payment . AbbVie may elect, in its sole discretion, to pay Immunome a non-refundable, non-creditable payment of [ ] (the Lead Generation Payment at any time, but in no event later than [ ] following notice to Immunome of completion of Lead Generation on the first [ ] Validated Target Pairs for which AbbVie has exercised an Option. AbbVie shall report the completion of Lead Generation on such Validated Target Pairs to Immunome within [ ] following completion thereof. Upon payment of the Lead Generation Payment, AbbVie shall have an additional [ ] Substitution Rights, for a total of [ ] Substitution Rights in the aggregate, as further described in Section 2.10(b) (Substitution Rights).
 7.2.3 Lead Optimization Payment . AbbVie may elect, in its sole discretion, to initiate Stage 3, by paying Immunome a non-refundable, non-creditable payment of [ ] (the Lead Optimization Payment at any time, but in no event later than the timeframe set forth in Section 2.2.2(f) (Stage 2) . AbbVie shall report the completion of Lead Optimization on all of the Stage 1 Validated Target Pairs for which AbbVie has exercised an Option within [ ] following completion thereof . For clarity, if the Lead Generation payment has not already been made, AbbVie shall pay the Lead Generation Payment at the same time as the payment of the Lead Optimization Payment.
 7.2.4 Stage 3 Payment . AbbVie may elect, in its sole discretion, to receive three (3) additional Options during Stage 3, by paying Immunome a non-refundable, non-creditable payment of [ ] (the Stage 3 Payment at any time, but in no event later than [ ] following AbbVie s exercise of the Option for the [ ] Validated Target Pair from Stage 3.
 7.2.5 For clarity, the maximum aggregate amount payable by AbbVie pursuant to this Section 7.2 (One-Time Platform Access Payments) is Seventy Million Dollars (US 70,000,000) . Nothing in this Section 7.2 (One-Time Platform Access Payments) is intended, or should be construed, to limit AbbVie s right to recover the foregoing amounts as damages, as applicable.
 7.3 Option Exercise Fee . On an Option-by-Option basis, if AbbVie exercises an Option with respect to a Validated Target Pair in accordance with Section 2.6.2 (Exercise of Option), AbbVie shall pay to Immunome a one-time, non-refundable, non-creditable payment of [ ] (the Option Exercise Fee within [ ] after submitting the Exercise Notice with respect to such Option. For clarity, the maximum aggregate amount payable by AbbVie pursuant to this Section 7.3 (Option Exercise Fee) is [ ] , for the exercise of all of ten (10) Options by AbbVie . Nothing in this Section 7.3 (Option Exercise Fee) is intended, or should be construed, to limit AbbVie s right to recover the foregoing amounts as damages, as applicable.
 7.4 Development Milestone Payments .
 7.4.1 In partial consideration for the rights and licenses granted to AbbVie hereunder, within [ ] after the first achievement of each milestone event set forth in this Section 7.4 (Development Milestone Payments) with respect to a Product on an Included Target-by-Included Target basis (each, a Development Milestone Event by or on behalf of AbbVie, any of its Affiliates, Licensees, or Sublicensees (other than any Dispute Settlement Licensee), AbbVie shall make a non-refundable, non-creditable milestone payment to Immunome in the amount set forth in this Section 7.4 (Development Milestone Payments) corresponding to such Development Milestone Event (each, a Development Milestone Payment ). Each Development Milestone Payment shall be payable on an Included Target-by-Included Target basis, only upon the first achievement of the corresponding Development Milestone Event by a Product with respect to an Included Target, and no amounts shall be due for subsequent or repeated 

achievements of such Development Milestone Event with respect to Products directed to the same Included Target; provided that [ ] . 
 Development Milestone Event Development Milestone Payment [ ] for a Product [ ] [ ] [ ] of a Product [ ] [ ] of a Product [ ] 
 For clarity, the maximum aggregate amount payable by AbbVie pursuant to this Section 7.4 (Development Milestone Payments) with respect to each Product directed to the same Included Target under this Agreement in the aggregate is [ ] . Nothing in this Section 7.4 (Development Milestone Payments) is intended, or should be construed, to [ ] . 7.4.2 Reporting . AbbVie shall report the achievement of each such Development Milestone Event by or on behalf of AbbVie or any of its Affiliates, Licensees, or Sublicensees (other than any Dispute Settlement Licensee) to Immunome within [ ] after such achievement.
 7.5 Commercial Milestone Payments . In partial consideration for the rights granted to AbbVie hereunder, within [ ] after the first achievement of each milestone event set forth in this Section 7.5 (Commercial Milestone Payments) with respect to a Product (each, a Commercial Milestone Event by or on behalf of AbbVie, any of its Affiliates, Licensees or Sublicensees (other than any Dispute Settlement Licensee), AbbVie shall make a non-refundable, non-creditable milestone payment to Immunome in the amount set forth in this Section 7.5 (Commercial Milestone Payments) corresponding to such Commercial Milestone Event (each, a Commercial Milestone Payment ). Each Commercial Milestone Payment shall be payable on an Included Target-by-Included Target basis, only upon the first achievement of the corresponding Commercial Milestone Event by a Product directed to such Included Target, and no amounts shall be due for subsequent or repeated achievements of such Commercial Milestone Event with respect to a Product directed to the same Included Target, provided that [ ] .
 Commercial Milestone Event Commercial Milestone Payment [ ] of a Product [ ] 

Commercial Milestone Event Commercial Milestone Payment [ ] of a Product [ ] 
 For clarity, the maximum aggregate amount payable by AbbVie pursuant to this Section 7.5 (Commercial Milestone Payments) with respect to each Product directed to the same Included Target under this Agreement in the aggregate is [ ] . Nothing in this Section 7.5 (Commercial Milestone Payments) is intended, or should be construed, to [ ] . 7.6 Sales-Based Milestone Payments . In partial consideration for the rights and licenses granted to AbbVie hereunder, in the event that the aggregate Annual Net Sales of all Products directed to a given Included Target by AbbVie or any of its Affiliates, Licensees or Sublicensees (other than Dispute Settlement Licensees) in a given Calendar Year exceeds the threshold (each, an Annual Net Sales Milestone Threshold set forth in the left hand column of the table in this Section 7.6 (Sales-Based Milestone Payments) (the Annual Net Sales-Based Milestone Table ), AbbVie shall pay to Immunome a one-time, non-refundable, non-creditable milestone payment (each, an Annual Net Sales-Based Milestone Payment in the corresponding amount set forth in the right hand column of the Annual Net Sales-Based Milestone Table. In the event that in a given Calendar Year [ ] . Each such milestone payment shall be due within [ ] after the end of the Calendar Year in which such milestone was achieved. Each Annual Net Sales-Based Milestone Payment shall be payable on a Included Target-by-Included Target basis, only upon the first achievement of such milestone with respect to an Included Target, and no amounts shall be due for subsequent or repeated achievements of such milestone with respect to any Product directed to the same Included Target, provided that [ ] .
 Annual Net Sales Milestone Threshold Annual Net Sales-Based Milestone Payment [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] 
 For clarity, the maximum aggregate amount payable by AbbVie pursuant to this Section 7.6 (Sales-Based Milestone Payments) with respect to all Products directed to the same Included Target under this Agreement in the aggregate is [ ] . Nothing in this Section 7.6 (Sales-Based Milestone Payments) is intended, or should be construed, to [ ] . 

7.7 Royalties .
 7.7.1 Royalty Rates . As further consideration for the rights granted to AbbVie hereunder, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including Sections 7.7.2 (Royalty Term), 7.7.3 [ ] , and 7.9 (Third Party Licenses), commencing upon the First Commercial Sale of a Product in a Country during the applicable Royalty Term, AbbVie shall pay to Immunome, on a Product-by-Product basis, a royalty on the aggregate Annual Net Sales of each Product in each Country during each Calendar Year at the following rates:
 Aggregate Annual Net Sales of a Product Royalty Rate [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] 
 With respect to a given Product in a given Country, from and after the expiration of the Royalty Term for such Product in such Country, Net Sales of such Product in such Country will be excluded for purposes of calculating the Net Sales thresholds and ceilings set forth in this Section 7.7.1 (Royalty Rates). 7.7.2 Royalty Term . Subject to Section 7.7.3 [ ] , on a Product-by-Product basis and Country-by-Country basis, royalty payments on Net Sales in accordance with Section 7.7.1 (Royalty Rates) of each Product in a Country shall commence upon the First Commercial Sale of such Product in such Country and shall terminate on the earlier of: (a) later of (i) the ten (10)-year anniversary of the date of the First Commercial Sale in such Country for such Product, and (ii) solely with respect to a Product that satisfies the requirements of Section 1.163 (a) (Product), the date on which there is no Valid Claim covering the composition of matter of the Identified Antibody, and (b) the expiration of Regulatory Exclusivity of the Product (the Royalty Term ).
 7.7.3 [ ] . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to [ ] , and on an Option Package Asset-by-Option Package Asset basis: 
 (a) if [ ] , then AbbVie s obligation to pay royalties on Net Sales of any Products directed to the applicable Included Target shall be reduced by [ ] from the royalty rates set forth in Section 7.7.1 (Royalty Rates) on Net Sales occurring after [ ] , and [ ] ; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided herein, the foregoing reductions (i) shall apply solely to the Products directed to the applicable Included Target to which [ ] , and (ii) shall be [ ] . For clarity, if any reductions are made under this Section 7.7.3(a) [ ] , no further reductions shall be made under this Section 7.7.3 [ ] or Section 7.9 (Third Party Licenses); 
 (b) if a High Impact Disclosure occurs, then (i) AbbVie s obligation to pay royalties on Net Sales of any Products directed to the applicable Included Target shall be reduced by [ ] from the royalty rates set forth in Section 7.7.1 (Royalty Rates), (ii) [ ] , and (iii) [ ] ; and 

(c) if a Low Impact Disclosure occurs, then (i) AbbVie s obligation to pay royalties on Net Sales of any Products directed to such Included Target shall be reduced by [ ] from the royalty rates set forth in Section 7.7.1 (Royalty Rates) and (ii) [ ] .
 7.8 Estimated Sales Levels . Immunome acknowledges and agrees that the sales levels set forth in Sections 7.5 (Commercial Milestone Payments), 7.6 (Sales-Based Milestone Payments), and 7.7 (Royalties) shall not be construed as representing an estimate or projection of anticipated sales of the Products, or implying any level of diligence, in the Territory and that the sales levels set forth in such Sections 7.5 (Commercial Milestone Payments), 7.6 (Sales-Based Milestone Payments), and 7.7 (Royalties) are merely intended to define AbbVie s milestone and royalty obligations in the event such sales levels are achieved.
 7.9 Third Party Licenses . 
 7.9.1 General Third Party IP Offsets . Notwithstanding Section 7.7 (Royalties), if (a) Section 7.16.2(a) (In-License Agreements) applies, or (b) AbbVie or any of its Affiliates determines in good faith that in order to avoid infringement or misappropriation of any Patent Rights owned by a Third Party Third Party Patent Right it is [ ] to obtain a license from such Third Party in order for AbbVie, its Affiliates, Licensees and/or Sublicensees to Exploit the Validated Target Pair (including any Abandoned VTP upon exercise by AbbVie of the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option or Option pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs)) (or the Included Target or Antibody comprised therein) in a Country, and, in each case ((a) or (b)), AbbVie or any of its Affiliates actually enters into any such license, then AbbVie shall be entitled to deduct from AbbVie s royalty payments under Section 7.7 (Royalties) for such Product in a Calendar Quarter, [ ] of the royalties, milestones and other amounts actually paid by AbbVie or any of its Affiliates to such Third Party Third Party Payments solely to the extent allocable to the Exploitation of such Validated Target Pair (including any Abandoned VTP upon exercise by AbbVie of the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option or Option pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs)) (or the Included Target or Antibody comprised therein) during such Calendar Quarter . Except where Section 7.9.2 (Third Party [ ] IP Offsets) applies, in no event shall the [ ] . 
 7.9.2 Third Party [ ] IP Offsets . Notwithstanding Section 7.9.1 (General Third Party IP Offsets), on an Option Package Asset-by-Option Package Asset basis, if a Third Party Patent Right exists that claims [ ] (including any Abandoned VTP upon exercise by AbbVie of the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option or Option pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs)) included in such Option Package Asset, and AbbVie actually enters into a license with such Third Party with respect to such Patent Right(s), then AbbVie shall be entitled to deduct from AbbVie s royalty payments under Section 7.7 (Royalties) for such Product in a Calendar Quarter, [ ] of the Third Party Payments to such Third Party that are applicable to [ ] during such Calendar Quarter, provided that in no event shall the deductions made pursuant to this Section 7.9.2 (Third Party [ ] IP Offsets) reduce by more than [ ] for a Target Disclosure) that would otherwise be owed in any Calendar Quarter . [ ] .
 7.10 Floor on Royalty Reductions . Except in connection with reductions under Section 7.7.3(a) [ ] , in no event shall AbbVie have the right to reduce the royalties payable to Immunome in any Calendar Quarter, taking into account any applicable reductions under Section 7.7.3(b) [ ] , Section 7.7.3(c) [ ] and any permitted offsets under Section 7.9 (Third Party Licenses), by: (a) more than [ ] , in the case of a Low Impact Disclosure and Third Party Patent Rights under Section 7.9.1 (General Third Party IP Offsets) or Section 7.9.2 (Third Party [ ] IP Offsets), (b) more than [ ] , below the base royalties set forth in Section 7.7.1 (Royalties).
 7.11 Reports; Royalty Payments . During the Term, following the First Commercial Sale of any Product in any Country, AbbVie shall furnish to Immunome a written report within [ ] after the end of 

each Calendar Quarter showing, on a Product-by-Product and Country-by-Country basis, that states: [ ] . Additionally, AbbVie will [ ]. The royalty amount shall be due and payable on the date such report is due. 7.12 Financial Records . AbbVie shall, and shall cause its Affiliates, and its and their Licensees and/or Sublicensees (other than Dispute Settlement Licensees) to, keep complete and accurate records pertaining to Net Sales for the later of (a) [ ] after the end of the relevant Calendar Year to which such records pertain, (b) the expiration of the applicable tax statute of limitations (or extensions thereof), or (c) such longer period as may be required by applicable Law, in sufficient detail to enable amounts payable to Immunome hereunder to be calculated and verified.
 7.13 Audit; Audit Dispute .
 7.13.1 Audit . At the request of Immunome, AbbVie shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, and shall use reasonable efforts to require its Licensees and/or Sublicensees to, permit an independent public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing designated by Immunome and reasonably acceptable to AbbVie at reasonable times during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice, to audit the books and records maintained pursuant to Section 7.12 (Financial Records) to ensure the accuracy of all reports and payments made hereunder. If AbbVie is unable to obtain from any Licensee and/or Sublicensee a right for Immunome to audit the books of account and records for its Licensee and/or Sublicensee at least as favorable as the audit rights Immunome has in this Agreement, AbbVie shall obtain the right to inspect and audit such Licensee s or Sublicensee s books and records for itself and shall exercise such audit rights on behalf of Immunome upon Immunome s written request [ ] . AbbVie will disclose the results of any such audit to Immunome in accordance with this Section 7.13.1 (Audit). Any examinations under this Section 7.13.1 (Audit) may not (a) be conducted for any Calendar Quarter more than [ ] after the end of such Calendar Quarter, (b) be conducted more than [ ] in any [ ] period or (c) be repeated for any Calendar Quarter (unless the results of a prior audit during such Calendar Quarter showed manifest error or fraud). The accounting firm utilized shall disclose only whether the reports are correct or not, and the specific details concerning any discrepancies. No other information shall be shared. Immunome shall treat all financial information subject to review under this Section 7.13.1 (Audit) as Confidential Information of AbbVie and shall cause its accounting firm to retain all such financial information in confidence. Except as provided below, the cost of this audit shall be borne by Immunome, unless the audit reveals a variance of [ ] , in which case, AbbVie shall bear the cost of the audit. Unless disputed pursuant to Section 7.13.2 (Audit Dispute) below, if such audit concludes that (i) additional amounts were owed by AbbVie, AbbVie shall pay the additional amounts, or (ii) excess payments were made by AbbVie, Immunome shall reimburse such excess payments, in either case ((i) or (ii)), within [ ] after the date on which such audit is completed by Immunome.
 7.13.2 Audit Dispute . In the event of a dispute with respect to any audit under Section 7.13.1 (Audit), Immunome and AbbVie shall work in good faith to resolve the disagreement. If the Parties are unable to reach a mutually acceptable resolution of any such dispute within [ ] from the date either Party informs the other Party that it disputes the audit, the dispute shall be submitted for resolution to a certified public accounting firm jointly selected by each Party s certified public accountants or to such other Person as the Parties shall mutually agree (the Audit Expert ). The decision of the Audit Expert shall be final and the costs of such arbitration as well as the initial audit shall be borne between the Parties in such manner as the Audit Expert shall determine. Not later than [ ] after such decision and in accordance with such decision, AbbVie shall pay the additional amounts, or Immunome shall reimburse the excess payments, as applicable.
 7.14 Methods of Payments . All payments to either Party under this Agreement shall be made by deposit of Dollars in the requisite amount to such bank account as the receiving Party may from time to 

time designate by notice to the paying Party. For the purpose of calculating any sums due under, or otherwise reimbursable pursuant to, this Agreement (including the calculation of Net Sales expressed in currencies other than Dollars), a Party shall convert any amount expressed in a foreign currency into Dollar equivalents using its, its Affiliate s or applicable Licensee s or Sublicensee s standard conversion methodology consistent with Accounting Standards. 7.15 Taxes .
 7.15.1 Income Taxes . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7.15 (Taxes), each Party shall be solely responsible for the payment of all taxes imposed on its share of income arising directly or indirectly from the activities of the Parties under this Agreement.
 7.15.2 Withholding Taxes . If any sum due to be paid to either Party hereunder is subject to any withholding or similar tax, the Parties shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to do all such acts and things and to sign all such documents as will enable them to take advantage of any applicable double taxation agreement or treaty. In the event there is no applicable double taxation agreement or treaty, or if an applicable double taxation agreement or treaty reduces but does not eliminate such withholding or similar tax, the payor shall remit such withholding or similar tax to the appropriate Governmental Authority, deduct the amount paid from the amount due to payee, pay the remaining amount of such payment to the payee and secure and promptly send to payee the best available evidence of the payment of such withholding or similar tax. Any such amounts deducted by the payor in respect of such withholding or similar tax shall be treated as having been paid by the payor for purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties acknowledge and agree that if the payor (or its assignee pursuant to Section 15.3 (Assignment)) is required by Law to withhold taxes in respect of any payment due under this Agreement, and if such withholding obligation arises or is increased solely as a result any action by the payor or its Affiliates after the Effective Date, including, without limitation, any assignment of this Agreement by the payor as permitted under Section 15.3 (Assignment), a Change of Control of the payor, a change in tax residency of the payor, a change in the entity making payment under this Agreement, a failure of the payor to comply with applicable Laws, or an action (other than manufacturing) that causes the payments to arise or to be deemed to arise through a branch of the payor (each, a Withholding Tax Action ), then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any such payment shall be increased to take into account such increased withholding taxes as may be necessary so that, after making all required withholdings (including any withholdings on additional amounts), the payee (or its assignee pursuant to Section 15.3 (Assignment)) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such Withholding Tax Action occurred; provided that such increased withholding taxes shall not include withholding taxes to the extent the payee is entitled under applicable Laws to credit or deduct such withholding taxes to reduce any tax, whether or not an actual reduction in such tax is realized. If a Governmental Authority retroactively determines that a payment made by a Party to the other Party pursuant to this Agreement should have been subject to withholding or similar (or to additional withholding or similar) taxes, and such Party (the Withholding Party remits such withholding or similar taxes to the Governmental Authority, including any interest and penalties that may be imposed thereon (together with the tax paid, the Amount ), the Withholding Party will have the right (a) to offset the Amount against future payment obligations of the Withholding Party under this Agreement, (b) to invoice the other Party for the Amount (which shall be payable by the other Party within [ ] of its receipt of such invoice) or (c) to pursue reimbursement of the Amount by any other available remedy.
 7.15.3 Indirect Taxes . All payments under this Agreement are exclusive of value added taxes, sales taxes, consumption taxes and other similar taxes (the Indirect Taxes ). If any Indirect Taxes are chargeable in respect of any payment under this Agreement, the paying Party shall pay such Indirect Taxes at the applicable rate in respect of such payment following receipt, where applicable, of an Indirect Taxes invoice in the appropriate form issued by the receiving Party in respect of those payments. The Parties 

shall issue invoices for all amounts payable under this Agreement consistent with Indirect Tax requirements and irrespective of whether the sums may be netted for settlement purposes. If the payee directly pays any Indirect Taxes, the paying Party shall promptly reimburse the payee for such Indirect Taxes, including all reasonable related costs, promptly upon receipt of an invoice. If the Indirect Taxes originally paid or otherwise borne by the paying Party are in whole or in part subsequently determined not to have been chargeable, the receiving Party shall take all commercially reasonable steps to receive a refund of these undue Indirect Taxes from the applicable Governmental Authority or other fiscal authority and any amount of undue Indirect Taxes repaid by such authority to the receiving Party will be transferred to the paying Party within [ ] of receipt by the receiving Party, net of any out-of-pocket costs of obtaining such refund.
 7.15.4 Adjustment . All payments made under this ARTICLE 7 (Upfront Fee; Milestones and Royalties; Payments) and ARTICLE 13 (Indemnification; Insurance) shall be treated by the Parties as adjustments to the purchase price of the applicable Option Package Assets for all tax purposes.
 7.16 In-License Agreements .
 7.16.1 [ ] , including upfront payments, milestones and royalties, due to any Third Party as consideration for obtaining a license or other rights under any Patent Right or Know-How that is owned by a Third Party and is necessary or reasonably useful for Immunome to conduct its activities set forth in the Research Plan, including all financial obligations under any Platform In-License Agreements.
 7.16.2 If, following the Effective Date, Immunome (or any of its Affiliates) enters into a Product In-License Agreement, where the applicable Intellectual Property Right is [ ] for AbbVie or its Affiliates or its or their Licensees and/or Sublicensees to Exploit the Validated Target Pair (or the individual Included Target or Antibody that is comprised therein) included within the Option Package Assets that are the subject of an exercised Option without infringing or misappropriating any Third Party Right (a Proposed Upstream Agreement ), Immunome will notify AbbVie in writing and provide a copy of the Proposed Upstream Agreement to AbbVie (which agreement may be reasonably redacted [ ] ). Within [ ] following AbbVie s receipt of an invoice therefor and a copy of the Proposed Upstream Agreement, AbbVie will decide, in its sole discretion, whether or not to accept the applicable Third Party Rights as Immunome Background IP licensed under this Agreement and will provide Immunome with written notice of such decision.
 (a) [ ] .
 (b) [ ] .
 ARTICLE 8 EXCLUSIVITY 
 8.1 Immunome Exclusivity Obligation .
 8.1.1 Tumor Type Exclusivity . During the period beginning on the Effective Date and until the completion of the Research Term, (a) except as permitted in connection with Immunome s performance of activities under the Research Plan, and the exercise of Immunome s rights with respect to (i) Rejected VTPs, following expiration of the Residual Reserved Period for such Rejected VTP (including as described in Section 2.9.2 (No Exercise of Option) and Section 9.5 (ROFN Transaction)), (ii) Substituted VTPs, upon AbbVie s exercise of a Substitution Right pursuant to Section 2.10 (Substitution Right) (including as described in Section 2.9 (No Exercise of Option)), and (iii) Abandoned VTPs, following [ ] determination that the relevant Proposed VTP has failed to achieve VTP Verification (including as described in Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs), Section 9.2.3 (Abandoned VTP 

Buy-Back Option) and Section 9.5 (ROFN Transaction)), subject to reinstatement upon AbbVie s exercise of an Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option or Option pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs) and (b) subject to the limitations described in Section 8.2 (Limitations to Exclusivity) and the remainder of this Section 8.1.1 (Tumor Type Exclusivity), Immunome shall be exclusive for any and all purposes to AbbVie with respect to [ ] . For clarity, and without limiting the foregoing, Immunome shall not use patient-derived samples from any of the Collaboration Tumor Types for any purpose during the Research Term, except as permitted under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Immunome first [ ] . For purposes of this Agreement, the conduct of any Development, Manufacturing or Commercialization activity by Immunome that would constitute a breach of Immunome s obligation under this Section 8.1.1 (Tumor Type Exclusivity) shall be deemed a Tumor Type Competing Program .
 8.1.2 Target Pair Exclusivity . During the Term, (a) except as permitted in connection with Immunome s performance of activities under the Research Plan, and the exercise of Immunome s rights with respect to (i) Rejected VTPs, following expiration of the Residual Reserved Period for such Rejected VTP (including as described in Section 2.9.2 (No Exercise of Option) and Section 9.5 (ROFN Transaction)), (ii) Substituted VTPs, upon AbbVie s exercise of a Substitution Right pursuant to Section 2.10 (Substitution Right) (including as described in Section 2.9 (No Exercise of Option)), and (iii) Abandoned VTPs, following [ ] determination that the relevant Proposed VTP has failed to achieve VTP Verification (including as described in Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs), Section 9.2.3 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option) and Section 9.5 (ROFN Transaction)), subject to reinstatement upon AbbVie s exercise of an Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option or Option exercised pursuant to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs), and (b) subject to the limitations described in Section 8.2 (Limitations to Exclusivity) below, Immunome shall be exclusive for any and all purposes to AbbVie with respect to [ ] provided that such exclusivity shall expire with respect to any Validated Target Pair: [ ] . For purposes of this Agreement, the conduct of any Development, Manufacturing or Commercialization activity by Immunome that would constitute a breach of Immunome s obligation under this Section 8.1.2 (Target Pair Exclusivity) shall be deemed a Target Pair Competing Program .
 8.2 Limitations to Exclusivity . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, during the relevant Exclusivity Period, Immunome undergoes a merger, acquisition, consolidation or other similar transaction with a Third Party that, as of the effective closing of such transaction, is engaged in the conduct of a program that would be a Competing Program if conducted by Immunome, then: (a) if such transaction results in a Change of Control of Immunome, then such Third Party (as an Independent Affiliate) shall have the right to continue such Competing Program and such continuation shall not constitute a breach by Immunome of its exclusivity obligations set forth in Section 8.1 (Immunome Exclusivity Obligations), provided that (i) [ ] , and (ii) such Independent Affiliate Segregates such Competing Program from the activities under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 15.3.2 (b) (Assignment); and (b) if such transaction does not result in a Change of Control of Immunome, then Immunome and its new Affiliate shall have [ ] from the closing date of such transaction to wind down or divest such Competing Program, and its new Affiliate s conduct of such Competing Program during such [ ] period shall not constitute a breach by Immunome of its exclusivity obligations set forth in Section 8.1 (Immunome Exclusivity Obligations), provided that (i) [ ] and (ii) such new Affiliate Segregates such Competing Program from the activities under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 15.3.2 (b) (Assignment).
 ARTICLE 9 BUY-BACK OPTION; RIGHT OF FIRST NEGOTIATION 
 9.1 General . With respect to any Rejected VTP or Abandoned VTP, Immunome shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates to not, license, sell, or otherwise grant or transfer, including by option, to any Third Party, any rights to any Rejected VTP or Abandoned VTP without first complying with this ARTICLE 9 (Buy-Back Option; Right of First Negotiation).

9.2 Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option .
 9.2.1 On an Abandoned VTP-by-Abandoned VTP basis, subject to Section 2.3 (VTP Verification Dispute; Abandoned VTPs), if Immunome determines to continue Development of such Abandoned VTP, Immunome shall promptly provide AbbVie with written notice of the completion of lead generation activities (the Abandoned VTP Lead Generation Completion Date ), together with (a) the original Data Package associated with such Abandoned VTP [ ] (the package in (a) through (e), the Abandoned VTP Package , and such option, an Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option ). AbbVie may exercise the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option by (x) providing written notice to Immunome thereof (the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Notice and (y) paying Immunome (i) a buy-back option fee of [ ] after receipt of the Abandoned VTP Package (the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Period ). Without limiting the foregoing, and for clarity, at any time between the date of failed VTP Verification and the Abandoned VTP Lead Generation Completion Date, AbbVie may deliver written notice to Immunome that it wishes to exercise an Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option (even if lead generation has not yet been achieved by Immunome). If AbbVie delivers such notice, then Immunome shall prepare an Abandoned VTP Package up to the date of AbbVie s notice, and this Section 9.2 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option) shall apply, mutatis mutandis , as if such Abandoned VTP Package had been delivered following the Abandoned VTP Lead Generation Completion Date. 
 9.2.2 If AbbVie timely delivers an Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Notice and pays the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Fee, in each case, within the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Period, then: (a) the applicable Abandoned VTP shall thereafter be deemed a VTP hereunder (and for clarity, shall count towards the fulfillment of Immunome s Aggregate Minimum VTP Obligation, and as a VTP for the Stage then in progress at the time of exercise); (b) AbbVie shall be deemed to have exercised an Option with respect to such VTP (with such Option additionally including a transfer and assignment of all of Immunome s right, title and interest in the Abandoned VTP Package and all Abandoned VTP Research Program IP); and (c) other than as modified by this Section 9.2.2 (Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Option), all of the terms applicable to the Option exercise for a VTP, and for a VTP for which AbbVie has exercised an Option (including, for clarity, any applicable amounts payable to Immunome under Section 7.2 (One-Time Platform Access Payments)), shall thereafter apply to such VTP, mutatis mutandis . 
 9.2.3 If AbbVie (a) does not deliver an Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Notice or pay the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Fee, in each case, during the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Period or (b) provides written notice that it does not intend to provide an Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Notice for such Abandoned VTP, then, (i) in either case ((a) or (b)), Immunome may, but shall have no obligation to, progress Development or any other activities (or to abandon any such activities) with respect to such Abandoned VTP at its sole discretion, (ii) if AbbVie notifies Immunome in writing within the Abandoned VTP Buy-Back Exercise Period that it wishes such Abandoned VTP to be subject to AbbVie s right of first negotiation with respect to such Abandoned VTP pursuant to the remainder of this ARTICLE 9 (Buy-Back Option; Right of First Negotiation), then such Abandoned VTP shall be deemed to be a VTP, and shall count towards Immunome s Aggregate Minimum VTP Obligation, but shall not count towards the minimum VTP obligations for the applicable Stage of the Research Plan then in progress, and (iii) if AbbVie notifies Immunome in writing that it does not wish such Abandoned VTP to be subject to AbbVie s right of first negotiation with respect to such Abandoned VTP, then (A) Immunome shall be free to Exploit the Abandoned VTP itself or with any Third Party without further obligations to AbbVie, (B) ARTICLE 8 (Exclusivity) shall no longer apply to such Abandoned VTP, (C) the remainder of this ARTICLE 9 (Buy-Back Option; Right of First Negotiation) shall not apply to such Abandoned VTP, and (D) such Abandoned VTP shall not be deemed to be a VTP, and shall not count towards Immunome s Aggregate Minimum VTP Obligation under this Agreement.

9.3 ROFN Transaction Notice . During a period (a) with respect to a Rejected VTP, commencing on the date of expiration of the Residual Reserved Period for the applicable Validated Target Pair and ending on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Research Term and (ii) the [ ] anniversary of the expiration of the applicable VTP Selection Period, and (b) with respect to an Abandoned VTP, [ ] , and ending upon the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Research Term and (ii) the [ ] anniversary of the date of the failed VTP Verification for such Abandoned VTP (the ROFN Exercise Period ), for each Rejected VTP or Abandoned VTP (as applicable), if Immunome or any of its Affiliates desire to license, sell or otherwise grant or transfer, including by option, any rights to a Rejected VTP or Abandoned VTP, as applicable, in any Field or Territory (excluding for clarity any transfer of rights in or to a Rejected VTP or Abandoned VTP to a Third Party under a materials transfer agreement or solely for the purposes of services conducted by a Third Party for or on behalf of Immunome in connection with Immunome s research and development of such Rejected VTP or Abandoned VTP, as applicable), then Immunome shall provide AbbVie with written notice of such potential transaction and along with such notice, provide AbbVie with [ ] , and such additional information in Immunome s possession since the provision of the original Data Package that is necessary or useful for AbbVie to determine whether it would like to exercise its right of first negotiation (each, a Transaction Notice . In addition to the foregoing, AbbVie has a right to [ ] negotiate with Immunome for the purchase of, or grant of an exclusive license to Exploit, certain Residual VTPs, as set forth in Section 2.2.3(e) (Residual VTPs).
 9.4 Exercise of ROFN . Upon receipt of a Transaction Notice, if AbbVie wishes to enter into exclusive negotiations with Immunome to obtain the rights that Immunome wishes to grant with respect to such Rejected VTP or Abandoned VTP, as applicable, AbbVie shall provide Immunome with notice thereof (a ROFN Exercise Notice within [ ] after receipt of the Transaction Notice (the Exercise Period ). If AbbVie timely delivers a ROFN Exercise Notice within the Exercise Period, the Parties shall engage in good faith negotiations for [ ] following such exercise (a Negotiation Period in an attempt to agree upon a definitive agreement containing the terms and conditions pursuant to which AbbVie would receive a license, assignment, option or other grant or transfer of rights in and to, the Rejected VTP or Abandoned VTP, as applicable.
 9.5 ROFN Transaction . If AbbVie does not deliver a ROFN Exercise Notice during the applicable Exercise Period or provides written notice that it does not intend to provide a ROFN Exercise Notice for such Rejected VTP or Abandoned VTP, as applicable, or the Parties fail to execute and deliver during the Negotiation Period such definitive agreement, then, in each case, (a) Immunome shall thereafter be free to engage in negotiations with any Third Party for the proposed transaction (such agreement, a ROFN Transaction Agreement and may enter into a ROFN Transaction Agreement with such Third Party with respect to such Rejected VTP or Abandoned VTP, as applicable, (b) Immunome s exclusivity obligations pursuant to Section 8.1.2 (Target Pair Exclusivity) with respect to such Validated Target Pair shall immediately terminate, and (c) Immunome shall have the right to Exploit in any manner whatsoever such Rejected VTP or Abandoned VTP, as applicable, in Immunome s sole discretion, either alone, with or through a Third Party, without any further obligations to AbbVie pursuant to this ARTICLE 9 (Buy-Back Option; Right of First Negotiation) or otherwise.
 ARTICLE 10 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT S 
 10.1 Ownership of Intellectual Property; Disclosure .
 10.1.1 Background IP . 
 (a) Immunome Background IP, Immunome Improvements (for clarity, regardless of inventorship) and Immunome Improvement Patents (for clarity, regardless of inventorship) 

shall be solely owned by Immunome. AbbVie acknowledges that, it does not have, and will not acquire, any license or other right with respect to any Immunome Background IP, Immunome Improvements or Immunome Improvement Patents as a result of this Agreement or any activity conducted hereunder except as set forth in Section 4.1.3 (Option Package License) and Section 4.1.5 (Unblocking License). AbbVie shall assign, and hereby assigns to Immunome, all of AbbVie s right, title and interest in and to any Immunome Improvements and Immunome Improvement Patents.
 (b) AbbVie Background IP and AbbVie Improvements (for clarity, regardless of inventorship) and AbbVie Improvement Patents (for clarity, regardless of inventorship) shall be solely owned by AbbVie. Immunome acknowledges that, it does not have, and will not acquire, any license or other right with respect to any AbbVie Background IP, AbbVie Improvements or AbbVie Improvement Patents as a result of this Agreement or any activity conducted hereunder except solely to the extent necessary during the Research Term for Immunome to perform the activities allocated to it under the Research Plan. Immunome shall assign, and hereby assigns to AbbVie, all of Immunome s right, title and interest in and to any AbbVie Improvements and AbbVie Improvement Patents.
 10.1.2 Immunome Platform Technology . As between the Parties, the Immunome Platform Technology, Immunome Platform Improvements (for clarity, regardless of inventorship) and Immunome Platform Improvement Patents (for clarity, regardless of inventorship) shall be solely owned by Immunome. AbbVie acknowledges that, it does not have, and will not acquire, any license or other right with respect to any Immunome Platform Technology, Immunome Platform Improvements and Immunome Platform Improvement Patents (either expressly or by implication). AbbVie shall assign, and hereby assigns to Immunome, all of AbbVie s right, title and interest in and to any Immunome Platform Improvements and Immunome Platform Improvement Patents.
 10.1.3 Inventorship; Research Program IP .
 (a) The determination of whether Know-How is conceived, reduced to practice, generated, discovered, developed or otherwise made by or on behalf of a Party or its Affiliates for the purpose of allocating proprietary rights (including any Intellectual Property Rights) therein, shall, for purposes of this Agreement, be made in accordance with United States patent law and other applicable Law in the United States without regard to conflict of law, irrespective of where or when such conception, reduction to practice, generation, discovery, development or making occurs.
 (b) Except as set forth under Section 10.1.1 (Background IP), [ ] .
 10.1.4 Disclosure of Inventions . During the Term, each Party shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and (sub)licensees to, promptly disclose in writing to the other Party the conception, reduction to practice, generation, discovery, development or making of any Research Know-How by such Party or any of its Affiliates or (sub)licensees.
 10.2 Patent Prosecution and Maintenance .
 10.2.1 Restriction on Immunome s Prosecution of Patents . During the Term, neither Immunome nor its Affiliates will, or will enable any Third Party to, Prosecute and Maintain any Patent Rights covering any (a) Option Package Assets, (b) any Qualified Target Pair (with respect to such Qualified Target Pair, solely for the time period during which such Qualified Target Pair is subject to the exclusivity provisions set forth in Section 8.1.2 (Target Pair Exclusivity)), and/or (c) any Validated Target Pair (with respect to such Validated Target Pair, solely for the time period during which such Validated Target Pair is subject to the exclusivity provisions set forth in Section 8.1.2 (Target Pair Exclusivity)). For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any Qualified Target Pair or Validated Target Pair for which the 

applicable Exclusivity Period has expired pursuant to Section 8.1.2 (Target Pair Exclusivity), Immunome shall have the right to Prosecute and Maintain Patent Rights covering such Qualified Target Pair or Validated Target Pair, as applicable, subject to the remainder of this Section 10.2 (Patent Prosecution and Maintenance).
 10.2.2 Immunome Background Patents; Immunome Improvement Patents; Immunome Platform Improvement Patents . Immunome shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to control the Prosecution and Maintenance of (a) Immunome Background Patents, (b) Immunome Improvement Patents, and (c) Immunome Platform Improvement Patents.
 10.2.3 AbbVie Background Patents, AbbVie Improvement Patents . AbbVie shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to control the Prosecution and Maintenance of (a) AbbVie Background Patents, and (b) AbbVie Improvement Patents. 
 10.2.4 Research Patents .
 (a) AbbVie shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to Prosecute and Maintain the Research Patents that are the subject of the applicable Option Package Asset and Option Package License granted by Immunome to AbbVie pursuant to Section 4.1.3 (Option Package License) (collectively, such Research Patents, AbbVie Prosecuted Patents in the Field in the Territory, at AbbVie s discretion and sole cost and expense. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided herein, Immunome shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to Prosecute and Maintain any Research Patents covering any [ ] Immunome Prosecuted Patents ). On a Substituted VTP-by-Substituted VTP basis, upon AbbVie s exercise of a Substitution Right pursuant to Section 2.10 (Substitution Rights), AbbVie shall promptly deliver to Immunome copies of all necessary, non-privileged files related to the Prosecution and Maintenance of such Immunome Prosecuted Patents and upon request shall take all actions and execute all documents reasonably necessary for Immunome to assume such Prosecution and Maintenance.
 10.3 Patent Enforcement .
 10.3.1 Notice . Each Party shall promptly notify, in writing, the other Party upon learning of any actual or suspected infringement of any AbbVie Background Patents, AbbVie Improvement Patents, Immunome Background Patents, Immunome Improvement Patents or Research Patents by a Third Party in the Territory Infringement ).
 10.3.2 Immunome Background Patents; Immunome Improvement Patents . Immunome shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to enforce the Immunome Background Patents and Immunome Improvement Patents in connection with an Infringement in the Territory at its sole cost and expense.
 10.3.3 AbbVie Background Patents; AbbVie Improvement Patents . AbbVie shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to enforce the AbbVie Background Patents and AbbVie Improvement Patents in connection with an Infringement in the Territory at its sole cost and expense.
 10.3.4 Research Patents .
 (a) Following AbbVie s exercise of an Option, AbbVie shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to enforce any AbbVie Prosecuted Patents in connection with an Infringement in the Territory, at its sole cost and expense . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided herein, 

Immunome shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to enforce any Immunome Prosecuted Patents in connection with an Infringement in the Territory, at its sole cost and expense. On a Substituted VTP-by-Substituted VTP basis, upon AbbVie s exercise of a Substitution Right pursuant to Section 2.10 (Substitution Rights), AbbVie shall promptly deliver to Immunome copies of all necessary, non-privileged files related to the prosecution of such Infringement and upon request shall take all actions and execute all documents reasonably necessary for Immunome to assume prosecution of such Infringement.
 10.3.5 Recovery . Any recovery realized as a result of any claim, suit or proceeding described in this Section 10.3 (Patent Enforcement) (whether by way of settlement or otherwise) shall be first allocated to reimburse the Parties for their costs and expenses in making such recovery (which amounts shall be allocated pro rata if insufficient to cover the totality of such expenses). Any remainder after such reimbursement is made shall be retained by the Party that has exercised its right to bring the enforcement action; provided that, to the extent that any award or settlement (whether by judgment or otherwise) with respect to a Product is retained by AbbVie, such amounts shall be included as Net Sales hereunder with respect to such Product in the same percentage that is allocable to Net Sales as determined in such recovery.
 10.4 Invalidity or Unenforceability Defenses or Actions .
 10.4.1 Notice . Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of any alleged or threatened assertion of invalidity, unpatentability or unenforceability of any AbbVie Background Patents, AbbVie Improvement Patents, Immunome Background Patents, Immunome Improvement Patents or Research Patents by a Third Party in the Territory and of which such Party becomes aware.
 10.4.2 Immunome Background Patents; Immunome Improvement Patents . Immunome shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to defend and control the defense of the validity, patentability and enforceability of the Immunome Background Patents and Immunome Improvement Patents in the Territory, at its sole cost and expense.
 10.4.3 AbbVie Background Patents; AbbVie Improvement Patents . AbbVie shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to defend and control the defense of the validity, patentability and enforceability of the AbbVie Background Patents and AbbVie Improvement Patents in the Territory, at its sole cost and expense.
 10.4.4 Research Patents .
 (a) Following AbbVie s exercise of an Option, AbbVie shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to defend and control the defense of the validity, patentability and enforceability of the AbbVie Prosecuted Patents, at its discretion and its own cost and expense.
 (b) Immunome shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to defend and control the defense of the validity, patentability and enforceability of the Immunome Prosecuted Patents, at its discretion and its own cost and expense. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the defense of any challenge of validity, invalidity, enforceability or patentability of any of the Research Patents that is raised in an Infringement action shall be controlled by the Party who controls the prosecution of such Infringement under Section 10.3 (Patent Enforcement).
 10.5 Cooperation . The Parties agree to cooperate fully in the Prosecution and Maintenance, enforcement and defense of the AbbVie Prosecuted Patents at AbbVie s expense and the Immunome 

Prosecuted Patents at Immunome s expense, in each case, pursuant to this ARTICLE 10 (Intellectual Property Rights). Cooperation shall include: (a) executing all papers and instruments, or requiring its employees or contractors to execute such papers and instruments, so as to (i) effectuate the ownership of intellectual property set forth in Section 4.1 (Assignment and License Grants to AbbVie) and Section 10.1 (Ownership of Intellectual Property; Disclosure); (ii) enable the other Party to Prosecute and Maintain Patent Rights in the Territory; and (iii) obtain and maintain any patent extensions, supplementary protection certificates, and the like with respect to the AbbVie Prosecuted Patents and Immunome Prosecuted Patents, as applicable, in the Territory, in each case ((i), (ii), and (iii)) to the extent provided for in, and in accordance with, this Agreement;
 (b) consistent with this Agreement, assisting in any assignment or license registration processes with applicable Governmental Authorities that may be available in the Territory for the protection of a Party s interests in Intellectual Property Rights as set forth in this ARTICLE 10 (Intellectual Property Rights);
 (c) promptly informing the other Party of any matters coming to such Party s attention that may materially affect the Prosecution and Maintenance, enforcement or defense of any such AbbVie Prosecuted Patents and Immunome Prosecuted Patents, as applicable, in the Territory; and
 (d) in connection with any of the foregoing, making its employees available at reasonable business hours. 
 10.6 Infringement Claims by Third Parties . If the Manufacture, sale, or use of a Product in the Territory pursuant to this Agreement results in, or may result in, any claim, suit, or proceeding by a Third Party alleging patent infringement by a Party (or its Affiliates) (a Third Party Infringement Claim ), such Party shall promptly notify the other Party thereof in writing. Unless the Party against whom a Third Party Infringement Claim is filed seeks indemnification for such Third Party Infringement Claim pursuant to ARTICLE 13 (Indemnification; Insurance), as between the Parties, the alleged infringing Party shall have the right, but not the obligation, at its sole cost and expense, using counsel of its own choice, to control the defense and settlement of any Third Party Infringement Claim. Where a Party controls such an action, the other Party shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, assist and cooperate with the controlling Party, as such controlling Party may reasonably request from time to time, in connection with its activities set forth in this Section 10.6 (Infringement Claims by Third Parties), including executing legal papers and cooperating in the defense, furnishing a power of attorney solely for such purpose, joining in, or being named as a necessary party to, such action, providing access to relevant documents and other evidence and making available its employees as well as inventors, applicable records and documents (including laboratory notebooks) with respect to the relevant Patent Rights; provided that the controlling Party shall reimburse such other Party for its reasonable and verifiable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith. Each Party shall keep the other Party reasonably informed of all material developments in connection with any such claim, suit or proceeding. Any recoveries by a Party of any sanctions awarded to such Party and against a Third Party asserting a Third Party Infringement Claim shall be applied as follows: such recovery shall be applied first to reimburse each Party for its reasonable out-of-pocket costs of defending such claim, suit, or proceedings, and the balance shall be retained by the Party controlling the defense of such Third Party Infringement Claim; provided that, [ ] .
 10.7 Product Trademarks . AbbVie shall have the sole and exclusive right to determine and, at its sole cost and expense, shall own all right, title and interest in and to the Trademarks that are used in connection with any Product anywhere in the world.

10.8 Inventor s Remuneration . Each Party shall be solely responsible for any remuneration that may be due such Party s inventors under any applicable inventor remuneration laws.
 10.9 International Nonproprietary Name . As between the Parties, AbbVie shall have the sole right and responsibility to select the International Nonproprietary Name or other name or identifier for any Product. AbbVie shall have the sole right and responsibility to apply for submission to the World Health Organization for the International Nonproprietary Name, and submission to the United States Adopted Names Council for the United States Adopted Name.
 ARTICLE 11 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 11.1 Product Information .
 11.1.1 Immunome recognizes that by reason of AbbVie s rights under this Agreement, AbbVie has an interest in Immunome maintaining the confidentiality of certain information of Immunome. Accordingly, Immunome acknowledges that, with respect to each Option, any [ ] (collectively, the Product Information shall be deemed the Confidential Information of AbbVie following AbbVie s exercise of such Option, and as of the Option Effective Date, (A) AbbVie shall be deemed to be the disclosing Party with respect to Product Information under this ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality) and (B) Immunome shall be deemed to be the receiving Party with respect thereto under this ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality). For further clarification, with respect to each Option, to the extent any Product Information is disclosed by Immunome to AbbVie pursuant to this Agreement, such information shall, subject to the other terms and conditions of this ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality), constitute Confidential Information of Immunome prior to AbbVie s exercise of such Option i.e. , prior to the Option Effective Date, Immunome shall be deemed to be the disclosing Party with respect to Product Information under this ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality) and AbbVie shall be deemed to be the receiving Party with respect thereto under this ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality)), provided that Immunome agrees that [ ] .
 11.1.2 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided herein, AbbVie acknowledges that any Know-How [ ] shall be deemed Immunome s Confidential Information, and (a) such information shall not constitute Product Information following [ ] , and (b) Immunome shall be deemed the disclosing Party and AbbVie shall be deemed the receiving Party with respect thereto, in each case, under this ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality).
 11.2 Confidentiality Obligations; Exceptions . At all times during the Term and for a period of [ ] following termination or expiration hereof in its entirety, each Party shall, and shall cause its officers, directors, employees and agents Representatives to, keep confidential and not publish or otherwise disclose to a Third Party and not use, directly or indirectly, for any purpose, any Confidential Information furnished or otherwise made known to it, directly or indirectly, by the other Party, except to the extent such disclosure or use is expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement or is necessary or useful for the performance of, or the exercise of such Party s rights under, this Agreement, and in each case, subject to the terms of this ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality). Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the receiving Party can demonstrate by documentation or other competent proof, the confidentiality and non-use obligations under this Section 11.2 (Confidentiality Obligations) with respect to any Confidential Information shall not include any information that:
 11.2.1 has been published by a Third Party or otherwise is or hereafter becomes part of the public domain by public use, publication, general knowledge or the like through no wrongful act, fault or negligence on the part of the receiving Party or any of its Representatives;

11.2.2 has been in the receiving Party s possession prior to disclosure by the disclosing Party without any obligation of confidentiality with respect to such information;
 11.2.3 is subsequently received by the receiving Party from a Third Party without restriction and without breach of any agreement between such Third Party and the disclosing Party; or
 11.2.4 has been independently developed by or for the receiving Party without reference to, or use or disclosure of, the disclosing Party s Confidential Information and without any breach of this Agreement by the receiving Party or any of its Representatives.
 Specific aspects or details of Confidential Information shall not be deemed to be within the public domain or in the possession of the receiving Party merely because the Confidential Information is embraced by more general information in the public domain or in the possession of the receiving Party. Further, any combination of Confidential Information shall not be considered in the public domain or in the possession of the receiving Party merely because individual elements of such Confidential Information are in the public domain or in the possession of the receiving Party unless the combination is in the public domain or in the possession of the receiving Party. 11.3 Permitted Disclosures .
 11.3.1 Each Party may disclose the Confidential Information of the other Party to the extent that such disclosure is:
 (a) in the reasonable opinion of the receiving Party s legal counsel, required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable Law or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or other supra national, federal, national, regional, state, provincial and local governmental body of competent jurisdiction, (including by reason of filing with securities regulators, but subject to Section 11.5 (Public Announcements)); provided that the receiving Party shall first have given prompt written notice (and to the extent possible, at least [ ] notice) to the disclosing Party and giving the disclosing Party a reasonable opportunity to take whatever action it deems necessary to protect its Confidential Information (for example, quash such order or to obtain a protective order or confidential treatment requiring that the Confidential Information and documents that are the subject of such order be held in confidence by such court or governmental body or, if disclosed, be used only for the purposes for which the order was issued). In the event that no protective order or other remedy is obtained, or the disclosing Party waives compliance with the terms of this Agreement, the receiving Party shall furnish only that portion of Confidential Information that the receiving Party is advised by counsel is legally required to be disclosed;
 (b) made by or on behalf of the receiving Party to the Regulatory Authorities as required in connection with any filing, application or request for any Regulatory Approval in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; provided that reasonable measures shall be taken to assure confidential treatment of such Confidential Information to the extent practicable and consistent with applicable Law; or
 (c) made by or on behalf of the receiving Party to a patent authority as may be necessary or useful for purposes of preparing, obtaining, defending or enforcing a Patent Right in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; provided that reasonable measures shall be taken to assure confidential treatment of such Confidential Information, to the extent such protection is available.
 11.3.2 Each Party or its Affiliates may disclose the Confidential Information of the other Party to its or their advisors, consultants, clinicians, vendors, service providers, contractors, existing or prospective research partners, Licensees or Sublicensees as may be necessary or useful in connection with the Exploitation of the Identified Antibodies or Products, or otherwise in connection with the performance 

of its obligations or exercise of its rights as contemplated by this Agreement; provided that (a) each of such Person to whom disclosure is made shall be subject to obligations of confidentiality and non-use with respect to such Confidential Information that are no less restrictive than the obligations of confidentiality and non-use of the receiving Party pursuant to this ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality) and (b) the receiving Party shall remain responsible and liable for any failure by any of the foregoing Persons to treat such Confidential Information as required under this ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality).
 11.3.3 Each Party may disclose the existence and terms of this Agreement to the extent that such disclosure is:
 (a) made by the receiving Party or its Affiliates to their respective external financial and legal advisors who have a need to know the existence and terms of this Agreement and are either under professional codes of conduct giving rise to expectations of confidentiality and non-use or under written agreements of confidentiality and non-use, in each case, no less restrictive than those set forth in this Agreement; provided that the receiving Party shall remain responsible and liable for any failure by such financial and external legal advisors to treat such Confidential Information as required under this ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality); or
 (b) made by the receiving Party or its Affiliates to potential or actual investors or acquirers as may be necessary in connection with their evaluation of such potential or actual investment or acquisition; provided that (i) such potential or actual investors or acquirers shall be subject to obligations of confidentiality and non-use with respect to such Confidential Information that are no less restrictive than the obligations of confidentiality and non-use of the receiving Party pursuant to this ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality) and (ii) the receiving Party shall remain responsible and liable for any failure by such potential or actual investors or acquirers to treat such Confidential Information as required under this ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality), provided that the Research Plan shall be redacted from any such disclosure unless the non-disclosing Party provides its prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld).
 11.4 Use of Name . Except as expressly provided herein, neither Party shall mention or otherwise use the name, logo, or Trademark of the other Party or any of its Affiliates (or any abbreviation or adaptation thereof) in any publication, press release, marketing and promotional material, or other form of publicity without the prior written approval of such other Party in each instance. The restrictions imposed by this Section 11.4 (Use of Name) shall not prohibit either Party from making any disclosure identifying the other Party that, in the opinion of the disclosing Party s counsel, is required by applicable Law; provided that such Party shall submit the proposed disclosure identifying the other Party in writing to the other Party as far in advance as reasonably practicable so as to provide a reasonable opportunity to comment thereon, and any such disclosure will be subject to Section 11.5 (Public Announcements) or Section 11.6 (Publications), as applicable.
 11.5 Public Announcements . The Parties have agreed upon the content of a press release announcing that they have entered into this Agreement, which may be issued by the Parties in the form attached hereto as Schedule 11.5 (Form of Press Release[s]), at a mutually agreed upon time. Neither Party shall issue any other release or public disclosure regarding this Agreement without the other Party s consent, except for any such disclosure that is, in the opinion of the disclosing Party s counsel, required by applicable Law or the rules of a stock exchange on which the securities of such Party is listed. If a Party is, in the opinion of its counsel, required by applicable Law or the rules of a stock exchange on which its securities are listed to make such a public disclosure, such Party shall submit the proposed disclosure (together with the reasons for the disclosure requirement and notification of the time and place where the disclosure shall be made) in writing to the other Party as far in advance as reasonably practicable so as to provide a reasonable opportunity to comment thereon, and such Party shall consider the other Party s comments thereon in good faith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, AbbVie, its Affiliates and its and their 

Licensees and/or Sublicensees shall have the right to publicly disclose research, development and commercial information (including with respect to regulatory matters) regarding the Identified Antibodies and Products; provided that (a) such disclosure is subject to the provisions of ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality) with respect to Immunome s Confidential Information and (b) AbbVie shall not use the name of Immunome (or insignia, or any contraction, abbreviation or adaptation thereof) without Immunome s prior written permission. 11.6 Publications . Prior to AbbVie s exercise of an Option, and without limiting Section 11.1.1 (Product Information) with respect to Product Information, neither Party shall publish, present, or otherwise disclose, and each Party shall cause its Affiliates and any Third Party subcontractors and its and their employees and agents not to disclose any information relating to any activities under the Research Plan, any Option Package Asset, or any Product, in each case, without the prior written consent of the other Party . Following AbbVie s exercise of an Option and, with respect to the Option Package Asset that is the subject of such Option, the foregoing restriction shall only apply to Immunome . For clarity, Immunome and its Affiliates may (subject in all cases to the confidentiality obligations set forth in this ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality)) publish, present, or otherwise disclose information relating to [ ] . For clarity, this Section 11.6 (Publications) is intended to cover disclosures made for the purposes of academic or scientific publication, or participation in scientific conferences. With respect to each Option, as of the Option Effective Date, AbbVie shall have the right to freely publish, present or otherwise disclose any material related to the Research Plan, Option Package Assets, or the Exploitation of Identified Antibodies or Products; provided that (i) such publication, presentation, or other disclosure is subject to the provisions of ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality) with respect to Immunome s Confidential Information, (ii) such publication appropriately recognizes each Party s contribution to any Intellectual Property Right that is the subject of such publications, in accordance with good academic publication practice, and (iii) subject to Section 11.4 (Use of Name), AbbVie shall not use the name of Immunome (or insignia, or any contraction, abbreviation or adaptation thereof) without Immunome s prior written permission.
 11.7 Return of Confidential Information . Upon the effective date of the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, either Party may request in writing, and the other Party shall either, with respect to Confidential Information to which such first Party does not retain rights under the surviving provisions of this Agreement: (a) as soon as reasonably practicable, destroy all copies of such Confidential Information in the possession of the other Party and confirm such destruction in writing to the requesting Party; or (b) as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver to the requesting Party, at the other Party s expense, all copies of such Confidential Information in the possession of the other Party; provided that the other Party shall be permitted to retain one (1) copy of such Confidential Information in its secure archives for the sole purpose of performing any continuing obligations hereunder, as required by applicable Law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such other Party also shall be permitted to retain such additional copies of or any computer records or files containing such Confidential Information that have been created solely by such Party s automatic archiving and back up procedures, to the extent created and retained in a manner consistent with such other Party s standard archiving and back up procedures, but not for any other use or purpose.
 11.8 Survival . All Confidential Information shall continue to be subject to the terms of this Agreement for the period set forth in Section 11.2 (Confidentiality Obligations).
 ARTICLE 12 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 12.1 Representations and Warranties of Both Parties . Each Party hereby represents and warrants to the other Party, as of the Effective Date, that:

12.1.1 such Party is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the provisions hereof; 
 12.1.2 such Party has taken all necessary action on its part to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder; 
 12.1.3 this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Party, and constitutes a legal, valid, binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with the terms hereof, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditor rights, judicial principles affecting the availability of specific performance and general principles of equity (whether enforceability is considered a proceeding at law or equity); 
 12.1.4 the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party do not conflict with and do not violate: (a) such Party s charter documents, bylaws or other organizational documents; (b) in any material respect, any agreement or any provision thereof, or any instrument or understanding, oral or written, to which it is a party or by which it is bound; (c) any applicable Law; or (d) any order, writ, judgment, injunction decree, determination or award of any court, governmental body or administrative or other agency having jurisdiction over such Party; and
 12.1.5 it is not under any obligation, contractual or otherwise, to any Person that conflicts with or is inconsistent in any material respect with the terms of this Agreement or that would impede the diligent and complete fulfillment of its obligations hereunder.
 12.2 Representations , Warranties and Covenants of Immunome . Immunome hereby represents, warrants and covenants to AbbVie, as of (a) the Effective Date, and (b) the Option Effective Date for each Option Package Asset, except [ ] , and except [ ] which is given solely as of each Option Effective Date . For clarity, any representation or warranty made as of an Option Effective Date with respect to one or more Option Package Assets is made only with respect to the specific Option Package Asset delivered on such Option Effective Date: 
 12.2.1 As of the Effective Date, Immunome (a) owns or controls all Immunome Background IP and Immunome Platform Technology, and has good and marketable title to the Materials that are in Immunome s possession and control free and clear of all Encumbrances, (b) is entitled to provide such Materials and grant the licenses specified herein with respect to such Immunome Background IP, in connection with activities under the Research Plan, and (c) has the right to use all Know-How and Patent Rights necessary for Immunome to fulfill its obligations hereunder, including the Immunome Background IP and Immunome Platform Technology;
 12.2.2 As of each Option Effective Date, Immunome (a) has good and marketable title to the applicable Option Package Asset, and the right to transfer such Option Package Asset to AbbVie, free and clear of all Encumbrances, (b) is entitled to grant the licenses specified herein with respect to such Option Package Asset, and (c) has the right, and at all times between the Effective Date and the Option Effective Date had the right, to use all Know-How and Patent Rights necessary for Immunome to fulfill its obligations hereunder with respect to such Option Package Asset, including the Immunome Background IP and Immunome Platform Technology;
 12.2.3 The use of the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to Immunome under Platform In-License Agreements is not necessary for the Exploitation of Identified Antibodies or Products, as contemplated to be conducted by AbbVie hereunder; 

12.2.4 [ ] ;
 12.2.5 All Immunome Background Patents and Immunome Improvement Patents existing as of such date (the Existing Patent Rights are (a) subsisting and are not invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, (b) Controlled by Immunome or one of its Affiliates, free of any Encumbrance, lien or claim of ownership by any Third Party, and (c) filed and maintained properly and correctly and all applicable fees have been paid on or before the due date for payment . [ ] . All Existing Patent Rights existing as of the Effective Date are listed on Schedule 12.2.5 (Existing Immunome Background Patents); 
 12.2.6 All of the Platform In-License Agreements existing as of such date are listed on Schedule 12.2.6 Existing Platform In-License Agreements), and, to the extent permitted under such Platform In-License Agreements, true and complete copies of the Platform In-License Agreements have been provided to AbbVie (other than with respect to redactions of financial and commercially sensitive terms), and (a) the licenses granted to Immunome or its Affiliates in the Platform In-License Agreements are in full force and effect and by their terms and are sublicensable to AbbVie as contemplated by this Agreement, (b) there are no challenges to, or violation of the rights granted to Immunome or its Affiliates thereunder by any Third Party, (c) Immunome or its Affiliate, if applicable, is not in breach under any of the Platform In-License Agreements, nor, to Immunome s Knowledge, is any counterparty thereto, (d) neither Immunome nor any of its Affiliates has received any notice of breach under any of the Platform In-License Agreements from the counterparty thereto, (e) to Immunome s Knowledge, no facts or circumstances exist that would reasonably be expected to give rise to any such challenge, violation or breach, and (f) this Agreement is fully consistent with and does not constitute a breach of any Platform In-License Agreement;
 12.2.7 All of the Product In-License Agreements existing as of such date are listed on Schedule 12.2.7 (Existing Product In-License Agreements) (as such list may be updated at each Option Effective Date), and, to the extent permitted under such Product In-License Agreements, true and complete copies of the Product In-License Agreements have been provided to AbbVie (other than with respect to redactions of financial and commercially sensitive terms), and (a) the licenses granted to Immunome or its Affiliates in the Product In-License Agreements are in full force and effect and by their terms and are sublicensable to AbbVie as contemplated by this Agreement, (b) there are no challenges to, or violation of the rights granted to Immunome or its Affiliates thereunder by any Third Party, (c) Immunome or its Affiliate, if applicable, is not in breach under any of the Product In-License Agreements, nor, to Immunome s Knowledge, is any counterparty thereto, (d) neither Immunome nor any of its Affiliates has received any notice of breach under any of the Product In-License Agreements from the counterparty thereto, (e) to Immunome s Knowledge, no facts or circumstances exist that would reasonably be expected to give rise to any such challenge, violation or breach, and (f) this Agreement is fully consistent with and does not constitute a breach of any Product In-License Agreement;
 12.2.8 During the Term, Immunome shall not, [ ] ;
 12.2.9 During the Term, Immunome shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, encumber or diminish the rights granted to AbbVie hereunder with respect to any of Immunome s Patent Rights that are the subject of the Option Package License granted to AbbVie hereunder;
 12.2.10 [ ]; 
 12.2.11 [ ]; 
 12.2.12 The Existing Patent Rights represent [ ] . All Intellectual Property Rights licensed to Immunome or its Affiliates pursuant to the Platform In-License Agreements and Product In-

License Agreements, as applicable, are Controlled by Immunome and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder are fully consistent with, and are not limited in any material respect by, the Platform In-License Agreements or Product In-License Agreements, as applicable. 
 12.2.13 Neither Immunome nor any of its Affiliates has entered into any agreement, whether written or oral, (excluding agreements described in Section 12.2.6 or 12.2.7 Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Immunome) and excluding confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements entered into in the normal course) that (a) grants any Third Party any rights that are inconsistent with the rights granted to AbbVie hereunder, or (b) expressly pertains to the [ ] , in each case ((a) and (b)) that assigned, transferred, licensed, conveyed or otherwise encumbered Immunome s right, title or interest in or to any of the foregoing and, solely with respect to [ ] ;
 12.2.14 (a) No claim or litigation has been brought or asserted in writing by any Person alleging that (i) the Existing Patent Rights, the Immunome Background Know-How or any Research Patents are invalid or unenforceable or (ii) the conception, development, reduction to practice, disclosing, copying, making, assigning or licensing of the Existing Patent Rights, the Immunome Background Know-How or the Research Know-How, or the Exploitation of the applicable Option Package Asset as contemplated herein, violates, infringes, constitutes misappropriation or otherwise conflicts or interferes with or would violate, infringe or otherwise conflict or interfere with, any intellectual property or proprietary right of any Person, nor, (b) to Immunome s Knowledge, do any facts or circumstances exist that would be reasonably expected to give rise to any such claims; 
 12.2.15 To Immunome s Knowledge, no Person is infringing or threatening to infringe, or misappropriating or threatening to misappropriate, the Existing Patent Rights, the Immunome Background Know-How, the Research Patents or the Research Know-How, and the conception, development, or reduction to practice of any Identified Antibodies, Existing Patent Rights, Immunome Background Know-How, or Research Know-How as contemplated under the Research Plan, do not violate, infringe, misappropriate or otherwise conflict or interfere with any intellectual property or proprietary right of any Third Party;
 12.2.16 Each of the Existing Patent Rights [ ] ;
 12.2.17 There are no pending or, to Immunome s Knowledge, alleged or threatened, (a) inter partes reviews, post-grant reviews, interferences, re-examinations or oppositions involving the Existing Patent Rights that are in or before any patent authority (or other Governmental Authority performing similar functions), or (b) any inventorship challenges involving the Existing Patent Rights that are in or before any patent or other Governmental Authority;
 12.2.18 Each Person who has or has had any rights in or to any Existing Patent Rights or any Immunome Background Know-How or Research Know-How has assigned and has executed an agreement assigning its entire right, title and interest in and to such Existing Patent Rights, Immunome Background Know-How, or Research Know-How;
 12.2.19 To Immunome s Knowledge, all works of authorship and all other materials subject to copyright protection included in Immunome Background Know-How and Research Know-How are original and were either created by employees of Immunome or its Affiliates within the scope of their employment or are otherwise works made for hire, or all right, title, and interest in and to such materials have been legally and fully assigned and transferred to Immunome or such Affiliate, and all rights in all inventions and discoveries made, developed, or conceived by an employee or independent contractor of Immunome or any of its Affiliates during the course of their employment (or other retention) by Immunome or such Affiliate, and relating to or included in Immunome Background Know-How or Research Know-

How, have been or will be assigned in writing to Immunome or such Affiliate. To Immunome s Knowledge, all current and former employees and current and former independent contractors of Immunome or its Affiliates have no right to receive additional compensation for any of the Immunome Background IP, Immunome Improvement, the Research Know-How or the Research Patents, including (as applicable) any right to receive compensation in connection with any provision under any applicable Laws of any applicable jurisdiction;
 12.2.20 The inventions claimed by the Existing Patent Rights are not the subject of any licenses, options, or other rights of any Governmental Authority, within or outside the United States, due to such Governmental Authority s funding of research and development or otherwise (other than any right to receive payments or any law of general application that applies to personal property generally, e.g., takings laws). 
 12.2.21 Without limiting the generality of Section 12.2.20 Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Immunome), the inventions claimed by the Existing Patent Rights (a) were not conceived, discovered, developed or otherwise made in connection with any research activities funded, in whole or in part, by the federal government of the United States or any agency thereof , (b) are not a subject invention as that term is described in 35 U.S.C. 201(e), and (c) are not otherwise subject to the provisions of the Bayh-Dole Act; 
 12.2.22 [ ] ;
 12.2.23 [ ] ;
 12.2.24 Immunome and its Affiliates have generated, prepared, maintained and retained all necessary permits, approvals or other authorizations that are required to be maintained or retained with respect to the conduct of its activities under this Agreement, all in accordance with, to the extent applicable to the relevant activities, good laboratory, manufacturing and clinical practice, and applicable Law.;
 12.2.25 The Immunome Platform Technology is not, nor will it be, necessary for the use and Exploitation of the data or information to be provided in any Data Package, including any Validated Target Pairs that are Developed by or on behalf of Immunome or its Affiliates on or after the Effective Date in the conduct of activities under the Research Plan;
 12.2.26 Neither Immunome nor its Affiliates is a party to any agreement with any Governmental Authority that refers or relates to the Immunome Background IP, Immunome Improvements, Research Patents, Research Know-How, any Validated Target Pair or relates to any activity contemplated hereunder and, solely with respect to Immunome Background IP and Immunome Improvements, in a manner that would conflict with the rights granted to AbbVie under this Agreement or with respect to the applicable Option Package Asset;
 12.2.27 None of the Immunome Background IP, Immunome Platform Technology, Immunome Improvements, Research Know-How, or Research Patents are subject to any restriction that would require any Development, Manufacturing or Commercialization activities under this Agreement to occur in a certain location or otherwise restrict the conduct of such activities with respect to location, or the Person conducting such activities;
 12.2.28 Immunome and its Affiliates have conducted and will conduct, and their respective contractors and consultants have conducted and will conduct, all Development activities allocated to Immunome under the Research Plan hereunder in compliance with good laboratory, manufacturing and clinical practice as defined in CFR (in each case to the extent applicable to the activities under the Research 

Plan) and applicable Law (including all applicable Data Security and Privacy Laws), including with respect to obtaining any required patient consents, authorizations, and similar permissions necessary for the collection, processing, and use of any biological specimens and/or Personal Data related thereto required for the performance of this Agreement;
 12.2.29 [ ] ;
 12.2.30 In the last [ ] , Immunome has not received written notice of any alleged material violation from a Governmental Authority or other Third Party of any Data Security and Privacy Laws and has no Knowledge of facts that would give rise to such a violation;
 12.2.31 Immunome is not under investigation by any Governmental Authority for a violation of Data Security and Privacy Laws; 
 12.2.32 Neither Immunome nor any of its Affiliates, nor, to Immunome s Knowledge, any of its or their respective officers, employees or agents has (a) committed an act, (b) made a statement, or (c) failed to act or make a statement that, in any case ((a), (b) and (c)), that (i) would be or create an untrue statement of material fact or fraudulent statement to the FDA or any other Governmental Authority with respect to the Exploitation of the Identified Antibodies or the Products or (ii) could reasonably be expected to provide a basis for the FDA to invoke its policy respecting Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Facts, Bribery and Illegal Gratuities , set forth in 56 Fed. Reg. 46191 (September 10, 1991) and any amendments thereto or any analogous laws or policies in the Territory; 
 12.2.33 [ ] ;
 12.2.34 During the Term, Immunome will not grant any license relating to the [ ] that would conflict with the rights or licenses granted to AbbVie hereunder; 
 12.2.35 To Immunome s Knowledge, no government authorization, consent, approval, license, exemption of or filing or registration with any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, under any applicable Laws currently in effect, is or will be necessary for, or in connection with, the consummation of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument anticipated to be executed in connection herewith, or for the performance by Immunome of its obligations under this Agreement and such other agreements, except as may be required to obtain HSR Clearance or pursuant to any applicable antitrust or competition Law; 
 12.2.36 Immunome and its Affiliates have not ever been and are not currently the subject of a proceeding that could lead to it or its Affiliates becoming a Debarred Entity, Excluded Entity or Convicted Entity and Immunome and its Affiliates will not use in any capacity, in connection with the obligations to be performed under this Agreement, any person who is a Debarred Individual, Excluded Individual or a Convicted Individual. Immunome further covenants that if, during the Term, Immunome or an Affiliate of Immunome becomes a Debarred Entity, Excluded Entity or Convicted Entity, or is listed on the FDA s Disqualified/Restricted List or if any of their respective employees or agents performing any of Immunome s obligations hereunder becomes a Debarred Individual, Excluded Individual or a Convicted Individual, or is added to the FDA s Disqualified/Restricted List, then Immunome shall immediately notify AbbVie and AbbVie shall have the option, at its sole discretion, to either, immediately on notice: (a) prohibit such Person from performing work under this Agreement, (b) terminate all work being performed or to be performed by Immunome, or (c) terminate this Agreement in its entirety; and
 12.2.37 [ ] .

12.3 Covenants of Immunome . From and after the Effective Date, Immunome shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, (a) knowingly misappropriate or infringe any valid and enforceable Third Party Right in connection with the activities allocated to Immunome under this Agreement, or (b) enter into any agreement, whether written or oral, with respect to, or otherwise assign, transfer, license, convey or otherwise encumber (including by granting any covenant not to sue) any Research Know-How or Research Patents that are included in the relevant Option Package Asset or an Option Package License, or any, Immunome Background IP, Immunome Improvements, Product that is inconsistent with the rights and licenses granted to AbbVie and its Affiliates hereunder. Immunome further hereby covenants to AbbVie that in performing its obligations under this Agreement, Immunome, its Affiliates, and its and their (sub)licensees, shall comply with all applicable Law, including all anti-corruption Laws.
 12.4 Disclaimer . Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR EXTENDS ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY THAT ANY PATENT RIGHTS ARE VALID OR ENFORCEABLE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
 12.5 Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Compliance . Immunome represents, warrants, and covenants to AbbVie in connection with this Agreement that it and its Affiliates a) have complied and will comply with all applicable Laws, rules, regulations and industry codes governing bribery, money laundering, and other corrupt practices and behavior (including, as applicable, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and UK Bribery Act), and b) will not, directly or indirectly, offer, give, pay, promise to pay, or authorize the payment of any bribes, kickbacks, influence payments, or other unlawful or improper inducements to any Person in whatever form (including gifts, travel, entertainment, contributions, or anything else of value). AbbVie may terminate this Agreement in its entirety immediately on notice to Immunome in the event that AbbVie receives any information which it in good faith determines, in its sole discretion, to be evidence of an actual, alleged, possible or potential breach by Immunome or its Affiliates of any representation, warranty, or covenant provided in this Section 12.5 (Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Compliance). In the event of such termination, AbbVie shall have no liability to Immunome for any charges, fees, reimbursements, or other compensation or claims under this Agreement, including for services previously performed.
 12.6 Bring Down Limitations . The disclosures set forth in any updated Schedule 12.2 Immunome Disclosure Schedule) (an Updated Disclosure Schedule shall be limited to [ ] . The Parties agree that any disclosure made by Immunome pursuant to any Updated Disclosure Schedule shall not be deemed to amend or supplement the Initial Disclosure Schedule or any earlier Updated Disclosure Schedule for any purpose hereunder, including for purposes of the indemnification provisions under Section 13.2 Indemnification by Immunome). For clarity, (x) an exception made by Immunome in any Updated Disclosure Schedule may not cure a deficiency in the Initial Disclosure Schedule or any prior Updated Disclosure Schedule, (y) any disclosure made in any Updated Disclosure Schedule cannot cure a breach of any covenant or obligation of Immunome hereunder, including for purposes of the indemnification provisions under Section 13.2 Indemnification by Immunome), and (z) no disclosure made in any Updated Disclosure Schedule that relates to or reflects any such breach by Immunome shall be deemed to qualify any representation or warranty hereunder.
 ARTICLE 13 INDEMNIFICATION; INSURANCE 
 13.1 Indemnification by AbbVie . Subject to Section 13.3 (Procedure), AbbVie shall indemnify, hold harmless and defend Immunome and its Affiliates, and its or their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents, from and against any and all Liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, 

including the reasonable fees of attorneys and other professional advisors (collectively, Losses ), to the extent arising out of or resulting from any suits, investigations, claims, actions, proceedings or demands of Third Parties Third Party Claims arising from or occurring as a result of: 13.1.1 the negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct of AbbVie, any of its Affiliates or Licensees or any Sublicensee, or its or their respective directors, officers, employees, or agents, in connection with performance by or on behalf of AbbVie of AbbVie s obligations or exercise of AbbVie s rights under this Agreement;
 13.1.2 any material breach of this Agreement, including any representation or warranty or covenant, by AbbVie; or
 13.1.3 the Development, Commercialization, Manufacture, or other Exploitation conducted by or on behalf of AbbVie, any of its Affiliates or Licensees, Sublicensees or Distributors, of any Identified Antibody or Product in or for the Territory (excluding Exploitation carried out by Immunome, any of its Affiliates, sublicensees or distributors hereunder, if any), including (a) any product Liability, personal injury, property damage or other damage, or (b) infringement of any Patent Rights or other Intellectual Property Rights of any Third Party;
 except, in each case Section 13.1.1 , Section 13.1.2 and Section 13.1.3 ), to the extent that Immunome has an obligation to indemnify AbbVie for Losses pursuant to Section 13.2 (Indemnification by Immunome), as to which Losses each Party shall indemnify the other Party to the extent of their respective Liability for such Losses. 13.2 Indemnification by Immunome . Subject to Section 13.3 (Procedure), Immunome shall indemnify, hold harmless and defend AbbVie and its Affiliates, its and their Licensees and/or Sublicensees and Distributors and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, from and against any and all Losses to the extent arising out of or resulting from any Third Party Claims arising from or occurring as a result of:
 13.2.1 the negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct of Immunome or any of its Affiliates or subcontractors, or its or their respective directors, officers, employees, or agents, in connection with performance by or on behalf of Immunome of Immunome s obligations or exercise of Immunome s rights under this Agreement;
 13.2.2 any material breach of this Agreement, including any representation or warranty or covenant, by Immunome;
 13.2.3 any breach or alleged breach of the Platform In-License Agreements and Product In-License Agreements by Immunome; 
 13.2.4 the infringement or misappropriation of any Patent Rights or other Intellectual Property Rights of any Third Party that arises from the practice of the Research Program IP, Immunome Platform Technology, Immunome Background IP or Immunome Improvements by or on behalf of Immunome or its Affiliates, or the infringement or misappropriation by or on behalf of Immunome or its Affiliates of any Third Party s Intellectual Property Rights in connection with its conduct of activities under this Agreement or the Exploitation of any Substituted VTP or Rejected VTP;
 13.2.5 the Development, Commercialization, Manufacture, or other Exploitation by or on behalf of Immunome of any (a) QTP, (b) Proposed VTP, (c) VTP, (d) Substituted VTP, (e) Abandoned VTP, or (f) Rejected VTP that is no longer within the Residual Reserved Period or ROFN Exercise Period;

except, in each case Section 13.2.1 , Section 13.2.2 , Section 13.2.3 , Section 13.2.4 and Section 13.2.5 ), to the extent that AbbVie has an obligation to indemnify Immunome for Losses pursuant to Section 13.1 (Indemnification by AbbVie), as to which Losses each Party shall indemnify the other Party to the extent of their respective Liability for such Losses. 13.3 Procedure .
 13.3.1 Notice . All indemnification claims in respect of a Party, its Affiliates or, in the case of AbbVie, its or their Licensees and/or Sublicensees or Distributors, or its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents (each, an Indemnitee shall be made solely by such Party (the Indemnified Party ). The Indemnified Party shall give prompt written notification (an Indemnification Claim Notice to the Party from whom indemnification is sought (the Indemnifying Party promptly after receiving written notification of any Third Party Claim for which indemnification may be sought (it being understood and agreed, however, that the failure by an Indemnified Party to give notice of a Third Party Claim as provided in this Section 13.3 (Procedure) shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligation under this Agreement except to the extent the Indemnifying Party will have been actually and materially prejudiced as a result of such failure or delay to give notice). The Indemnified Party shall furnish promptly to the Indemnifying Party copies of all papers and official documents received in respect of any Third Party Claims, including any Losses with respect thereto.
 13.3.2 Control of Defense .
 (a) In General . Subject to Section 10.4 (Infringement Claims by Third Parties), at its option, the Indemnifying Party may assume the defense of any Third Party Claim by giving written notice to the Indemnified Party within [ ] after the Indemnifying Party s receipt of an Indemnification Claim Notice. The assumption of the defense of a Third Party Claim by the Indemnifying Party shall not be construed as an acknowledgment that the Indemnifying Party is liable to indemnify the Indemnified Party in respect of the Third Party Claim, nor shall it constitute a waiver by the Indemnifying Party of any defenses it may assert against the Indemnified Party s claim for indemnification. Upon assuming the defense of a Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party may appoint as lead counsel in the defense of the Third Party Claim any legal counsel selected by the Indemnifying Party which shall be reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified Party. In the event the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of a Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall cooperate with the Indemnifying Party (as further described in Section 13.3.2(d) (Cooperation)), at the Indemnifying Party s cost and expense (including by promptly delivering to the Indemnifying Party all original notices and documents (including court papers) received by the Indemnified Party in connection with the Third Party Claim). Should the Indemnifying Party assume the defense of a Third Party Claim, except as provided in Section 13.3.2(b) (Right to Participate in Defense), the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Party for any legal expenses subsequently incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with the analysis, defense or settlement of the Third Party Claim unless specifically requested in writing by the Indemnifying Party in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. In the event that it is ultimately determined that the Indemnifying Party is not obligated to indemnify, defend or hold harmless the Indemnified Party from and against the Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall reimburse the Indemnifying Party for any Losses incurred by the Indemnifying Party in its defense of the Third Party Claim.
 (b) Right to Participate in Defense . Without limiting Section 13.3.2(a) (In General), any Indemnified Party shall be entitled to participate in, but not control, the defense of such Third Party Claim and to employ counsel of its choice for such purpose; provided that such employment shall be at the Indemnified Party s own expense unless (i) the employment thereof, and the assumption by the Indemnifying Party of such expense, has been specifically authorized by the Indemnifying Party in writing, (ii) the Indemnifying Party has failed to assume the defense and employ counsel in accordance with Section 

13.3.2(a) (In General) (in which case the Indemnified Party shall control the defense), or (iii) the interests of the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party with respect to such Third Party Claim are sufficiently adverse to prohibit the representation by the same counsel of both Parties under applicable Law, ethical rules or equitable principles.
 (c) Settlement . With respect to any Losses (i) relating solely to the payment of money damages in connection with a Third Party Claim, (ii) that do not result in the Indemnified Party (or its Indemnitees, as applicable) becoming subject to injunctive or other relief, (iii) that do not require an admission of wrongdoing by the Indemnified Party (or its Indemnitees, as applicable) and (iv) that do not otherwise adversely affect the business of the Indemnified Party in any manner and (v) as to which the Indemnifying Party shall have acknowledged in writing the obligation to indemnify the Indemnified Party hereunder, the Indemnifying Party shall have the sole right to consent to the entry of any judgment, enter into any settlement or otherwise dispose of such Loss, on such terms as the Indemnifying Party, in its sole discretion, shall deem appropriate. With respect to all other Losses in connection with Third Party Claims, where the Indemnifying Party has assumed the defense of the Third Party Claim in accordance with Section 13.3.2(a) (In General), the Indemnifying Party shall have authority to consent to the entry of any judgment, enter into any settlement or otherwise dispose of such Loss; provided that it obtains the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). If the Indemnifying Party does not assume and conduct the defense of a Third Party Claim as provided above, the Indemnified Party may defend against such Third Party Claim. The Indemnified Party shall not admit any Liability with respect to, or settle, compromise or dispose of, any Third Party Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party. The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement, compromise or other disposition of a Loss by an Indemnified Party that is reached without the written consent of the Indemnifying Party.
 (d) Cooperation . In the event that the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense or prosecution of any Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall, and shall cause each Indemnitee to, cooperate in the defense or prosecution thereof and shall furnish such records, information and testimony, provide such witnesses and attend such conferences, discovery proceedings, hearings, trials and appeals as may be reasonably requested in connection therewith. Such cooperation shall include access during normal business hours afforded to the Indemnifying Party to, and reasonable retention by the Indemnified Party of, records and information that are reasonably relevant to such Third Party Claim, and making Indemnified Parties and other employees and agents available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provided hereunder. The Indemnifying Party shall reimburse the Indemnified Party for all its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection therewith.
 (e) Expenses . Except as provided above (including pursuant to Section 13.3.2(b) (Right to Participate in Defense)), the reasonable and verifiable costs and expenses incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with any Third Party Claim shall be reimbursed on a Calendar Quarter basis in arrears by the Indemnifying Party, without prejudice to the Indemnifying Party s right to contest the Indemnified Party s right to indemnification and subject to refund in the event the Indemnifying Party is ultimately held not to be obligated to indemnify the Indemnified Party (as further described in Section 13.3.2(a) (In General)).
 13.4 Insurance . Immunome shall obtain and carry in full force and effect the minimum insurance requirements set forth herein from an insurance company properly licensed to provide the required insurance. Such insurance (a) shall be primary insurance with respect to Immunome s participation under this Agreement, (b) shall be issued by a recognized insurer rated by [ ] or better, or an insurer pre-approved in writing by AbbVie, and (c) shall list AbbVie as an additional insured thereunder. Immunome shall provide AbbVie with [ ] written notice prior to any cancellation, non-renewal or material change thereof. 

13.4.1 Required Coverage by Immunome . The types of insurance and minimum limits with respect to Immunome shall include at least the following:
 (a) Worker s Compensation with statutory limits in compliance with the Worker s Compensation laws of the state or states in which Immunome has employees in the United States.
 (b) Employer s Liability coverage with a minimum limit of [ ] per occurrence.
 (c) General Liability Insurance (either as primary or through an umbrella policy) with a minimum limit of [ ] per occurrence and [ ] in the aggregate.
 Immunome shall at all times maintain in force any insurance policy that is required by any federal, state, national or other such applicable Law that may govern or have jurisdiction over any provision of this Agreement and at all times remain fully compliant with any such applicable Law. 13.4.2 Certificates of Insurance . Upon request by AbbVie, Immunome shall provide Certificates of Insurance evidencing compliance with the above requirements of this Section 13.4 (Insurance). The insurance policies shall be under an occurrence form, but if only a claims-made form is available to AbbVie, then Immunome shall continue to maintain such insurance after the expiration or termination of this Agreement for the longer of (a) a period of [ ] following termination or (b) expiration of this Agreement in its entirety.
 13.5 Limitation of Liability . EXCEPT (A) FOR A BREACH OF ARTICLE 8 (EXCLUSIVITY) OR ARTICLE 11 (CONFIDENTIALITY), (B) AS PROVIDED UNDER SECTION 15.10 (EQUITABLE RELIEF), OR (C) TO THE EXTENT ANY SUCH DAMAGES ARE REQUIRED TO BE PAID TO A THIRD PARTY FOR CLAIMS THAT ARE SUBJECT TO INDEMNIFICATION UNDER THIS ARTICLE 13 (INDEMNIFICATION; INSURANCE), NEITHER IMMUNOME NOR ABBVIE, NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, LICENSEES OR SUBLICENSEES, SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY, ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSEES OR SUBLICENSEES FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS OR ROYALTIES, LOST DATA OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, WHETHER LIABILITY IS ASSERTED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY), INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, AND IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER THAT PARTY OR ANY REPRESENTATIVE OF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, OR OTHERWISE MIGHT HAVE ANTICIPATED THE POSSIBILITY OF, ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. 
 ARTICLE 14 TERM AND TERMINATION 
 14.1 Term . This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of the last to expire Royalty Term with respect to all Products in all Countries (the Term provided that if, AbbVie has not exercised at least one (1) Option, and has not made any payment to move to the next Stage, then this Agreement shall expire when all VTP Selection Periods expire for the VTPs delivered in such Stage. 
 14.2 Termination .
 14.2.1 Termination for Cause .

(a) Material Breach . If either Party (the Non-Breaching Party believes that the other Party (the Breaching Party has materially breached this Agreement, then the Non-Breaching Party may deliver notice of such material breach to the Breaching Party (a Default Notice ). If the Breaching Party does not dispute that it has committed a material breach of this Agreement, then, (i) with respect to any breach arising from a failure to make a payment under this Agreement, if the Breaching Party fails to cure such breach within [ ] after receipt of the Default Notice or (ii) with respect to any other breach, if the Breaching Party fails to cure such breach within [ ] after receipt of the Default Notice, or if such compliance cannot be fully achieved within such [ ] period and the Breaching Party has failed to commence compliance or has failed to use diligent efforts to achieve full compliance as soon thereafter as is reasonably possible, then in each case, the Non-Breaching Party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety upon written notice to the Breaching Party.
 (b) Disagreement as to Material Breach . If the Breaching Party disputes that it has materially breached a material obligation under this Agreement, the dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 15.2 (Dispute Resolution) . If, as a result of the application of such dispute resolution procedures, the Breaching Party is determined to be in material breach of this Agreement (an Adverse Ruling ), then if the Breaching Party fails to complete the actions specified by the Adverse Ruling to cure such material breach within [ ] after such ruling (or, if the breach cannot reasonably be cured within such [ ] period, the Breaching Party has failed to achieve full compliance as soon thereafter as is reasonably possible, not to exceed an additional [ ] period (with the grant of such extension period being subject to the continued use of diligent efforts by the Breaching Party to cure such breach)) is determined to have occurred, then the Non-Breaching Party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety upon written notice to the Breaching Party.
 14.2.2 Termination by AbbVie . AbbVie may terminate this Agreement in its entirety for any or no reason upon [ ] prior written notice to Immunome.
 14.2.3 Termination for Insolvency . In the event that either Party (a) files for protection under bankruptcy or insolvency Laws, (b) makes an assignment of all or a substantial portion of its assets for the benefit of creditors, (c) appoints or suffers appointment of a receiver or trustee over all or substantially all of its property that is not discharged within [ ] after such filing, (d) files for or is subject to any dissolution or liquidation proceeding that is not discharged within [ ] after the filing thereof, or (e) files a petition under any bankruptcy or insolvency act or has any such petition filed against it that is not discharged within [ ] of the filing thereof, then in each case ((a) through (e)), the other Party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety effective immediately upon written notice to such Party.
 14.2.4 Termination for Anti-Bribery or Anti-Corruption Non-Compliance . AbbVie may terminate this Agreement in its entirety in accordance with Section 12.5 (Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Compliance).
 14.2.5 Termination for Debarment . AbbVie may terminate this Agreement in its entirety in accordance with Section 12.2.36 (Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Immunome).
 14.2.6 Termination for Failure or Delay to Obtain HSR Clearance . AbbVie may terminate this Agreement, on an Option Package Asset basis, with respect to an Option Package Asset upon written notice to Immunome in the event that (a) either Party receives a Second Request following AbbVie s exercise of the applicable Option, or (b) due to a failure or delay in obtaining HSR Clearance, the applicable Option Package Assets are not sold, transferred, conveyed, assigned and delivered to AbbVie in accordance with Section 4.1 (Assignment and License Grants to AbbVie) within [ ] following AbbVie s exercise of the applicable Option .

14.3 Modification in Lieu of Termination . If, at any time during the Term, AbbVie has the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to [ ] then AbbVie may, by written notice to Immunome prior to the date that otherwise would have been the effective date of termination, elect to continue this Agreement as modified by this Section 14.3 (Modification in Lieu of Termination), in which case, effective as of the date AbbVie delivers such notice of such election to Immunome:
 14.3.1 the rates payable by AbbVie to Immunome pursuant to Section 7.7 (Royalties) with respect to any Net Sales of (a) Products for which AbbVie has exercised its Option prior to the date of AbbVie s written notice electing to continue this Agreement shall not be modified, and (b) Products for which AbbVie exercises its Option thereafter shall be based on rates that are [ ] of the applicable rates set forth in Section 7.7 (Royalties), in each case ((a) and (b)), subject to (i) applicable deductions under Section 7.7.3 [ ] and Section 7.9 (Third Party Licenses) and (ii) the floor set forth in Section 7.10 (Floor on Royalty Reductions); and
 14.3.2 [ ] ;
 14.3.3 Except in the case of reductions applicable for [ ] , AbbVie may not reduce any payments to Immunome as a result of the application of Sections 14.3.1 (Modification in Lieu of Termination) and 14.3.2 (Modification in Lieu of Termination) (taken together with any other reductions applicable under Sections 7.7.3(b) [ ] ), 7.7.3(c) [ ] and 7.9 (Third Party Licenses)) to less than [ ] of the [ ] that would have been payable to Immunome (prior to the application of any reductions or offsets) under [ ] , provided that, for clarity, [ ]. 
 14.3.4 [ ] 
 14.3.5 all other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect without change.
 14.4 Effects of Termination of Agreement .
 14.4.1 Without limiting any other legal or equitable remedies that either Party may have under this Agreement, in the event of a termination of this Agreement in its entirety by AbbVie pursuant to Section 14.2.2 (Termination by AbbVie) (a) Immunome shall return (to AbbVie or its designee) or destroy, in AbbVie s sole discretion, all AbbVie Supplies within [ ] , (b) AbbVie shall return to Immunome within [ ] all data, information and materials transferred to AbbVie in any Data Package delivered prior to the effective date of termination for which the Option was not exercised, and (c) all licenses, options and other rights granted by one Party to the other under this Agreement shall immediately terminate; provided that (i) all payment obligations pursuant to Sections 7.4 (Development Milestone Payments), 7.5 (Commercial Milestone Payments), 7.6 (Sales-Based Milestone Payments), and 7.7 (Royalties) in connection with any Identified Antibodies and Products arising from Option Package Assets for which an Option was exercised prior to the effective date of termination shall remain in force without any reduction, except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, (ii) to the extent not already sold, transferred, conveyed, assigned and delivered following AbbVie s exercise of any applicable Option prior to the effective date of termination, Immunome hereby sells, transfers, conveys, assigns and delivers to AbbVie all of Immunome s right, title and interest in and to the applicable Option Package Assets free and clear of all Encumbrances, (iii) in connection with the foregoing subclause (ii), Section 4.1.2 (Excluded Liabilities) shall apply, and (iv) the Option Package License and Unblocking License shall survive with respect to all Option Package Assets acquired by AbbVie.
 14.4.2 Without limiting any other legal or equitable remedies that either Party may have under this Agreement, in the event of a termination of this Agreement by AbbVie on an Option Package 

Asset basis pursuant to Section 14.2.6 (Termination for Failure or Delay to Obtain HSR Clearance), (a) all rights and licenses granted by either Party to the other Party under this Agreement with respect to such Option Package Asset will immediately terminate, (b) Immunome shall return (to AbbVie or its designee) or destroy, in AbbVie s sole discretion, all AbbVie Supplies with respect to such Option Package Asset within [ ] , and (c) AbbVie shall return to Immunome all data, information and materials transferred to AbbVie in the Data Package for the applicable Option Package Assets within [ ] . 
 14.4.3 Without limiting any other legal or equitable remedies that either Party may have under this Agreement, in the event of a termination of this Agreement by Immunome pursuant to Section 14.2.1 (Termination for Cause) or Section 14.2.3 (Termination for Insolvency), all licenses, options and other rights granted by any Party to the other under this Agreement shall immediately terminate; provided that, (a) Immunome shall promptly transfer, convey, assign and deliver all of Immunome s rights title and interest to all applicable Option Package Assets to the extent not already transferred, conveyed, assigned and delivered to AbbVie following AbbVie s exercise of the applicable Option prior to the effective date of termination, free and clear of all Encumbrances, (b) in connection with the foregoing subclause (a), Section 4.1.2 (Excluded Liabilities) shall apply, (c) the Option Package License and the Unblocking License shall survive with respect to the Option Package Assets acquired by AbbVie, subject to AbbVie s payment to Immunome of all amounts (including, for clarity, milestones and royalties) payable under this Agreement in connection with the Exploitation of Identified Antibodies or Products arising from such Option, and (d) Immunome shall return (to AbbVie or its designee) or destroy, in AbbVie s sole discretion, all AbbVie Supplies within [ ] .
 14.4.4 Without limiting any other legal or equitable remedies that either Party may have under this Agreement, in the event of a termination of this Agreement in its entirety by AbbVie pursuant to Section 14.2.1 (Termination for Cause), Section 14.2.3 (Termination for Insolvency), Section 14.2.4 (Termination for Anti-Bribery or Anti-Corruption Non-Compliance), or Section 14.2.5 (Termination for Debarment), except as set forth in subclause (c) below, all licenses, options and other rights granted by any Party to the other under this Agreement shall immediately terminate, and in the event that the effective date of termination occurs during the Research Term, Immunome shall immediately cease performance of any activities under the Research Plan; provided that: (a) Immunome shall promptly transfer, convey, assign and deliver all of Immunome s rights title and interest to all applicable Option Package Assets to the extent not already transferred, conveyed, assigned and delivered to AbbVie following AbbVie s exercise of the applicable Option prior to the effective date of termination, free and clear of all Encumbrances, (b) in connection with the foregoing subclause (a), Section 4.1.2 (Excluded Liabilities) shall apply, (c) all rights and licenses granted to AbbVie hereunder under the Option Package License and Unblocking License with respect to the Identified Antibodies and Products, as applicable, shall become irrevocable and perpetual rights and licenses, subject to AbbVie s payment to Immunome of the amounts set forth in Sections 7.4 (Development Milestone Payments), 7.5 (Commercial Milestone Payments), 7.6 (Sales-Based Milestone Payments) and 7.7 (Royalties) in connection with the Exploitation of Identified Antibodies or Products arising from Option Package Assets for which an Option was exercised prior to the effective date of termination, which shall remain in force without any reduction, except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, and (d) Immunome shall return (to AbbVie or its designee) or destroy, in AbbVie s sole discretion, all AbbVie Supplies within [ ] . 
 14.5 Accrued Rights; Surviving Provisions of the Agreement .
 14.5.1 Accrued Rights . Termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason shall be without prejudice to any rights that shall have accrued to the benefit of either Party prior to such termination or expiration, including the payment obligations under ARTICLE 7 (Upfront Fee; Milestones and Royalties; Payments), and any and all damages or remedies arising from any breach hereunder. Such 

termination or expiration shall not relieve any Party from obligations which are expressly indicated to survive expiration or termination of this Agreement.
 14.5.2 Surviving Provisions of the Agreement . Without limiting Section 14.5.1 (Accrued Rights), the provisions of ARTICLE 1 (Definitions) (to the extent the definitions apply to the surviving provisions), Section 4.1.3 (Option Package License) (to the extent applicable to Option Package Assets assigned to AbbVie prior to the effective date of termination), Section 4.1.5 (Unblocking License) (to the extent applicable to Option Package Assets assigned to AbbVie prior to the effective date of termination), Section 4.3 (Sublicensing Rights), Section 4.4 (No Other Rights), Section 6.3 (Records and Reports) (with respect to any retention obligations), Section 7.4 (Development Milestone Payments) through Section 7.15.4 (Adjustment) (inclusive, solely to the extent applicable to an accrued right otherwise contemplated by Section 14.5.1 (Accrued Rights)), Section 10.1 (Ownership of Intellectual Property; Disclosure) (but excluding Section 10.1.4 (Disclosure of Inventions)), ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality) (for the time period set forth therein, but excluding Section 11.5 (Public Announcements)), Section 11.6 (Publications), Section 12.2.36 (Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Immunome) (with respect to notice to AbbVie), Section 12.4 (Disclaimer), the last sentence of Section 12.5 (Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Compliance), ARTICLE 13 (Indemnification; Insurance) (but excluding Section 13.4 (Insurance)), Section 14.4 (Effects of Termination) through Section 14.5 (Accrued Rights; Surviving Provisions of the Agreement) (inclusive), and ARTICLE 15 (Miscellaneous) (but excluding Section 15.3 (Assignment)) shall survive the termination of this Agreement in its entirety or expiration of this Agreement for any reason, in accordance with their respective terms and conditions, and for the duration stated, and where no duration is stated, shall survive indefinitely.
 ARTICLE 15 MISCELLANEOUS 
 15.1 Governing Law; Service .
 15.1.1 Governing Law . This Agreement and any dispute arising from the performance or breach hereof shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the State of New York without reference to conflicts of laws principles; provided that all questions concerning (a) inventorship and ownership of Patent Rights under this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with Section 10.1 (Ownership of Intellectual Property; Disclosure) and (b) the construction or effect of Patent Rights shall be determined in accordance with the Laws of the Country in which the particular Patent Right has been filed or granted, as the case may be. The provisions of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement or any subject matter hereof.
 15.1.2 Service . Each Party further agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by certified mail to its address set forth in Section 15.5 (Notices) shall be effective service of process for any action, suit, or proceeding brought against it under this Agreement in any such court.
 15.2 Dispute Resolution . Except for disputes resolved by the procedures set forth in Section 3.5 (Decision Making), Section 7.13.2 (Audit Dispute) or Section 15.10 (Equitable Relief), any dispute between the Parties arising out of, in connection with or relating to this Agreement, or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith (a Dispute ), shall be resolved pursuant to this Section 15.2 (Dispute Resolution).
 15.2.1 General . Any Dispute shall first be referred to the Executive Officers of the Parties, who shall confer in good faith on the resolution of the issue. Any final decision mutually agreed to by the Executive Officers shall be conclusive and binding on the Parties. If the Executive Officers are not able to agree on the resolution of any such Dispute within [ ] (or such other period of time as mutually agreed 

by the Executive Officers) after such Dispute was first referred to them, then, except as otherwise set forth in Section 15.2.2 (ADR), either Party shall have the right, by written notice to the other Party, to initiate an arbitration ADR pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 15.2.2 (ADR) for purposes of fully and finally resolving such Dispute.
 15.2.2 ADR . Subject to Section 15.2.1 (General) and Section 15.2.3 (Intellectual Property Disputes), any ADR proceeding under this Agreement shall take place pursuant to the procedures set forth in Schedule 15.2.2 (ADR).
 15.2.3 Intellectual Property Disputes . Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing, a Dispute between the Parties relating to the validity, enforceability or patentability of any Patent Right, Trademark or other Intellectual Property Rights, if not resolved in accordance with Section 15.2.1 (General), shall not be subject to ADR and shall be submitted to a court or patent office of competent jurisdiction in the relevant Country in which such Patent Right, Trademark, or other Intellectual Property Right, was issued or, if not issued, in which the underlying patent or other application was filed. Each Party hereby submits to the jurisdiction of such court or patent or other applicable intellectual property office and irrevocably waives any assertion that the case should be heard in a different venue or forum. In case of a Dispute between the Parties with respect to inventorship, the Parties shall jointly select a patent attorney registered before the United States Patent and Trademark Office and submit such Dispute to the mutually selected patent attorney for resolution under United States patent law. The decision of such patent attorney with respect to inventorship shall be final, and the Parties agree to be bound by the decision and share equally the expenses of such patent attorney.
 15.2.4 Adverse Ruling . Any determination pursuant to this Section 15.2 (Dispute Resolution) that a Party is in material breach of its material obligations hereunder shall specify a (nonexclusive) set of actions to be taken to cure such material breach, if feasible.
 15.2.5 Interim Relief . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in this Section 15.2 (Dispute Resolution) shall preclude either Party from seeking interim or provisional relief, including a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction or other interim equitable relief concerning a Dispute, if necessary to protect the interests of such Party. This Section shall be specifically enforceable.
 15.3 Assignment .
 15.3.1 This Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise transferred, nor may any right or obligation hereunder be assigned or transferred (except as provided in Section 6.2 (Subcontracting)), whether by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by either Party without the written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided that (a) AbbVie shall have the right, without such consent, to perform any or all of its obligations and exercise any or all of its rights under this Agreement through any of its Affiliates, Licensees, Sublicensees or Distributors, and (b) each Party shall have the right, without such consent, to assign any or all of its rights and delegate any or all of its obligations hereunder to [ ] . All validly assigned rights of a Party shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by, and all validly delegated obligations of such Party shall be binding on and be enforceable against, the permitted successors and assigns of such Party. Any purported assignment in violation of this Section 15.3.1 (Assignment) shall be void.
 15.3.2 AbbVie agrees that, notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if Immunome undergoes a Change of Control, AbbVie will not have any rights under this Agreement with respect to any Patent Right, Know-How or other Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights that are owned or otherwise Controlled by an Independent Affiliate as long as: (a) such Independent Affiliate s Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights (i) are [ ] , (ii) are and (iii) 

were [ ] ; and (b) during the Term, Immunome establishes, and Immunome causes such Independent Affiliate and their respective Affiliates to establish internal safeguards and firewalls to ensure that any activities performed in connection with a Competing Program are segregated from any activities under this Agreement, by ensuring that [ ] ; provided that, the requirements described in the foregoing subclauses (i) and (ii) shall apply to [ ] (the conduct of such activities under this subclause (b) with respect to a given Competing Program, Segregation ). Additionally, in the event of a Change of Control of Immunome during the Research Term, [ ] . 
 15.3.3 Applicability of 11 U.S.C. 365(n) . All rights and licenses granted under or pursuant to this Agreement, including all rights and licenses to use improvements or enhancements developed during the Term, are intended to be, and shall otherwise be deemed to be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the Bankruptcy Code or any analogous provisions in any other country or jurisdiction, licenses of rights to intellectual property as defined under Section 101(35A) of the Bankruptcy Code. The Parties agree that the licensee of such rights and licenses under this Agreement shall retain and may fully exercise all of its rights and elections under the Bankruptcy Code, including Section 365(n) of the Bankruptcy Code, or any analogous provisions in any other country or jurisdiction. All of the rights granted to either Party under this Agreement shall be deemed to exist immediately before the occurrence of any bankruptcy case in which the other Party is the debtor.
 15.4 Force Majeure . Neither Party shall be held liable or responsible to the other Party or be deemed to have defaulted under or breached this Agreement for failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of this Agreement when such failure or delay is caused by or results from events beyond the reasonable control of the non-performing Party, including fires, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, embargoes, shortages, epidemics or pandemics, quarantines, war, acts of war (whether war be declared or not), terrorist acts, insurrections, riots, civil commotion, strikes, lockouts, or other labor disturbances (whether involving the workforce of the non performing Party or of any other Person), acts of God or acts, omissions or delays in acting by any Governmental Authority (except to the extent such delay results from the breach by the non-performing Party or any of its Affiliates of any term or condition of this Agreement) and for so long as such failure or delay continues to be caused by or result from such force majeure event; provided that, (a) the non-performing Party promptly provides written notice to the other Party of such force majeure event, which notice states the nature of the event, its anticipated duration, and any action being taken to avoid or minimize its effect; (b) the suspension of performance is of no greater scope and no longer duration than is necessary; and (c) the non-performing Party uses commercially reasonable efforts to overcome the difficulties created thereby and to resume performance of its obligations as soon as practicable. For as long as any force majeure circumstance continues, the non-performing Party will, at the other Party s reasonable request provided no more frequently than [ ] during the period of such non-performance or delay), provide the other Party written summaries of its mitigation efforts and its estimates of when normal performance under the Agreement will be able to resume. If the performance of any such obligation under this Agreement is delayed owing to such a force majeure for any continuous period of more than [ ] , the Parties shall consult in good faith with respect to an equitable solution.
 15.5 Notices . Any notice, request, demand, waiver, consent, approval, or other communication permitted or required under this Agreement shall be in writing, shall refer specifically to this Agreement and shall be deemed given only if (a) delivered by hand, (b) sent by facsimile transmission (with transmission confirmed), or (c) by internationally recognized overnight delivery service that maintains records of delivery, addressed to the Parties at their respective addresses specified in this Section 15.5 (Notices) or to such other address as the Party to whom notice is to be given may have provided to the other Party in accordance with this Section 15.5 (Notices). Such notice shall be deemed to have been given as of the date delivered by hand or transmitted by facsimile (with transmission confirmed) or on the second Business Day (at the place of delivery) after deposit with an internationally recognized overnight delivery service. Any notice delivered by facsimile shall be confirmed by a hard copy delivered as soon as 

practicable thereafter. This Section 15.5 (Notices) is not intended to govern the day-to-day business communications necessary between the Parties in performing their obligations under the terms of this Agreement. If to Immunome, addressed to: Immunome, Inc. 665 Stockton Drive, Suite 300, Exton, PA 19341 Attn: Chief Executive Officer Email: [ ] Attn: Chief Legal Officer [ ] with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Cooley LLP 3175 Hanover Street Palo Alto, CA 94304 Attn: [ ] Email: [ ] If to AbbVie, addressed to: AbbVie Global Enterprises Ltd. c/o Harbour Fiduciary Services Ltd. Thistle House, 4 Burnaby Street Hamilton Pembroke HM 11 Bermuda with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: AbbVie Inc. 1 North Waukegan Road North Chicago, IL 60064 Facsimile: [ ] Attn: Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary 15.6 Export Clause . This Agreement is made subject to any restrictions concerning the export of products or technical information from the United States or other countries that may be imposed on the Parties from time to time. Each Party agrees that it will not export, directly or indirectly, any technical information acquired from the other Party or any of its Affiliates under this Agreement or any products using such technical information to a location or in a manner that at the time of export requires an export license or other governmental approval, without first obtaining the written consent to do so from the appropriate agency or other governmental entity in accordance with applicable Law.
 15.7 Waiver; Non-Exclusion of Remedies . Any term or condition of this Agreement may be waived at any time by the Party that is entitled to the benefit thereof, but no such waiver shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument duly executed by or on behalf of the Party waiving such term or condition. The waiver by either Party hereto of any right hereunder or of the failure to perform or of a 

breach by the other Party shall not be deemed a waiver of any other right hereunder or of any other breach or failure by such other Party whether of a similar nature or otherwise. The rights and remedies provided herein are cumulative and do not exclude any other right or remedy provided by applicable Law or otherwise available except as expressly set forth herein. 15.8 Further Assurance . Each Party shall duly execute and deliver, or cause to be duly executed and delivered, such further instruments and do and cause to be done such further acts and things, including the filing of such assignments, agreements, documents, and instruments, as may be necessary or as the other Party may reasonably request in connection with this Agreement or to carry out more effectively the provisions and purposes hereof, or to better assure and confirm unto such other Party its rights and remedies under this Agreement.
 15.9 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable under any present or future law, and if the rights or obligations of either Party under this Agreement will not be materially and adversely affected thereby, (a) such provision shall be fully severable, (b) this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision had never comprised a part hereof, (c) the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision or by its severance herefrom, and (d) in lieu of such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision, there shall be added automatically as a part of this Agreement a legal, valid, and enforceable provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision as may be possible and that most nearly implements the Parties original intentions. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, each Party hereby waives any provision of law that would render any provision hereof illegal, invalid, or unenforceable in any respect.
 15.10 Equitable Relief .
 15.10.1 Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions, rights and obligations set forth in ARTICLE 10 (Intellectual Property Rights) and ARTICLE 11 (Confidentiality) are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the other Party and that such other Party would not have entered into this Agreement in the absence of such restrictions, rights and obligations and that any breach or threatened breach of any provision of such Articles may result in irreparable injury to such other Party for which there will be no adequate remedy at law. In the event of a breach or threatened breach of any provision of such Articles, the Non-Breaching Party shall be authorized and entitled to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction injunctive relief, whether preliminary or permanent, specific performance and an equitable accounting of all earnings, profits and other benefits arising from such breach, which rights shall be cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies to which such Non-Breaching Party may be entitled in law or equity. Both Parties agree to waive any requirement that the other (a) post a bond or other security as a condition for obtaining any such relief and (b) show irreparable harm, balancing of harms, consideration of the public interest or inadequacy of monetary damages as a remedy. Nothing in this Section 15.10.1 (Equitable Relief) is intended or should be construed, to limit either Party s right to equitable relief or any other remedy for a breach of any other provision of this Agreement.
 15.10.2 Immunome acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions, rights and obligations set forth in ARTICLE 8 (Exclusivity) are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of AbbVie and that AbbVie would not have entered into this Agreement in the absence of such restrictions, rights and obligations and that any breach or threatened breach of any provision of such Section or Articles may result in irreparable injury to AbbVie for which there will be no adequate remedy at law. In the event of an Immunome breach or threatened breach of any provision of such Section or Articles, AbbVie shall be authorized and entitled to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction injunctive relief, whether preliminary or permanent, specific performance and an equitable accounting of all earnings, profits and other benefits arising from such breach, which rights shall be cumulative and in addition to any other rights 

or remedies to which AbbVie may be entitled in law or equity. Immunome agrees to waive any requirement that AbbVie (a) post a bond or other security as a condition for obtaining any such relief and (b) show irreparable harm, balancing of harms, consideration of the public interest or inadequacy of monetary damages as a remedy. Nothing in this Section 15.10.2 (Equitable Relief) is intended or should be construed, to limit AbbVie s right to equitable relief or any other remedy for a breach of any other provision of this Agreement.
 15.11 Entire Agreement; Amendments . This Agreement, together with the Schedules and Exhibits attached hereto, sets forth and constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, promises, and representations, whether written or oral, with respect thereto are superseded hereby (including that certain Bilateral Confidential Disclosure Agreement, effective as of [ ] , by and between the Parties or their respective Affiliates, as amended (the CDA )). Each Party confirms that it is not relying on any representations or warranties of the other Party except as specifically set forth in this Agreement. No amendment, modification, release, or discharge shall be binding upon the Parties unless in writing and duly executed by authorized representatives of both Parties.
 15.12 Relationship of the Parties . It is expressly agreed that Immunome, on the one hand, and AbbVie, on the other hand, shall be independent contractors and that the relationship between the Parties shall not constitute a partnership, joint venture, or agency, including for all tax purposes. Neither Immunome, on the one hand, nor AbbVie, on the other hand, shall have the authority to make any statements, representations, or commitments of any kind, or to take any action, which shall be binding on the other, without the prior written consent of the other Party to do so. All Persons employed by a Party shall be employees of such Party and not of the other Party and all costs and obligations incurred by reason of any such employment shall be for the account and expense of such Party. 
 15.13 Headings; Construction; Interpretation . Headings and any table of contents used herein are for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the construction of or be taken into consideration in interpreting this Agreement. The language of this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language mutually chosen by the Parties and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against either Party hereto. Each Party represents that it has been represented by legal counsel in connection with this Agreement and acknowledges that it has participated in the drafting hereof. In interpreting and applying the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Parties agree that no presumption will apply against the Party which drafted such terms and provisions. Any reference in this Agreement to an Article, Section, subsection, paragraph, subclause, Exhibit or Schedule shall be deemed to be a reference to any Article, Section, subsection, paragraph, subclause, Exhibit or Schedule, of or to, as the case may be, this Agreement. Except where the context otherwise requires, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document refers to such agreement, instrument other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or therein), (b) any reference to any Law refers to such Law includes all rules and regulations thereunder and any successor Law, in each case, as from time to time enacted, repealed or amended, (c) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) the words include, includes, including, exclude, excludes, and excluding, shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase but not limited to, without limitation or words of similar import, (e) the word or is used in the inclusive sense (and/or), (f) words in the singular or plural form include the plural and singular form, respectively, (g) references to any gender refer to each other gender, (h) references to a particular Person include such Person s successors and assigns to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement, (i) a capitalized term not defined herein but reflecting a different part of speech than a capitalized term that is defined herein shall be interpreted in a corresponding manner, (j) all references to will are interchangeable with the word shall wherever context requires and shall be understood to be imperative or mandatory in nature, and (k) 

whenever this Agreement refers to a number of days, unless otherwise specified, such number refers to calendar days. 15.14 Books and Records . Any books and records to be maintained under this Agreement by a Party or its Affiliates or its or their Licensees and/or Sublicensees (other than Dispute Settlement Licensees) shall be maintained in accordance with applicable Accounting Standards.
 15.15 English Language . This Agreement shall be written and executed in, and all other communications under or in connection with this Agreement shall be in, the English language. Any translation into any other language shall not be an official version thereof, and in the event of any conflict in interpretation between the English version and such translation, the English version shall control.
 15.16 Parties in Interest . Except as provided in ARTICLE 13 (Indemnification; Insurance), all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable solely by the Parties and their respective successors, heirs, administrators and permitted assigns and they shall not be construed as conferring any rights on any other Persons.
 15.17 Counterparts . This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each and every one of which shall be deemed an original, notwithstanding variations in format or file designation which may result from the electronic transmission, storage and printing of copies from separate computers or printers. Facsimile signatures and signatures transmitted via PDF shall be treated as original signatures.
 [Signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the Effective Date. Immunome, Inc. By: /s/ Purnanand D. Sarma Name: Purnanand D. Sarma Title: President CEO AbbVie Global Enterprises Ltd. By: [ ] Name: [ ] Title: [ ] 

Exhibit A Research Plan [ ] 

Schedule 1.105 Existing Immunome Background Patents [ ] 

Schedule 11.5 Form of Press Release [ ] 

Schedule 12.2 Immunome Disclosure Schedule [ ] 

Schedule 12.2.5 Existing Patent Rights [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] 
 [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] 

Schedule 12.2.6 Existing Platform In-License Agreements [ ] [ 1. [ ] 2. [ ] [ ] 3. [ ] 4. [ ] . 
 [ ] 

Schedule 12.2.7 Existing Product In-License Agreements [ ] 

Schedule 15.2.2 ADR Procedures [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.30>
 9
 tmb-20221231xex10d30.htm
 EX-10.30

Exhibit 10.30 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IMMUNOME, INC. HAS DETERMINED THE INFORMATION (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO IMMUNOME, INC. IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT THIS MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT is made as of this 8th day of November, 2016 (the Effective Date by and between Arrayjet Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Acts in Scotland, UK [ ], and its affiliates, Arrayjet and Immunome, Inc., a Delaware corporation with an address at 3001 Market Street, Suite 140, Philadelphia, PA 19104 Immunome ). BACKGROUND Arrayjet is a contract research organization engaged in providing services including, without limitation, discovery, development and related services. Immunome desires Arrayjet to provide and Arrayjet agrees to provide the services described in this Agreement (the Services pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Services shall consist of individual studies or projects (each, a Study defined in the Supporting Documents (as hereinafter defined). In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 1. The Study . Arrayjet shall render the Services as set forth in a Protocol and/or Statement/Scope of Work (the Supporting Documents ). A Statement/Scope of Work shall mean an attachment to this Agreement describing the nature, design and scope of the Study and the schedule of work to be performed by Arrayjet for Immunome. The Supporting Documents when signed by Arrayjet and Immunome shall be incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. To the extent there is a conflict in the language of this agreement and that of the Supporting Documents, the language of the Supporting Documents shall take precedence.
 2. Conduct of Services .
 2.1 Arrayjet will maintain industry standards of professional conduct in the performance of the Study and in the preparation of all related reports. Arrayjet and Immunome will adhere to all material government laws, rules and regulations considered reasonably applicable to the conduct of the Study Applicable Law ).
 2.2 Arrayjet will conduct the Study in accordance with the Supporting Documents, which may be amended from time to time upon the mutual agreement of Arrayjet and Immunome. Arrayjet agrees not to intentionally change or deviate in any material manner from the Supporting Documents without Immunome s prior approval. Deviations from the Supporting Documents may be made in an emergency without Immunome s approval, provided that Arrayjet shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain Immunome s verbal approval, which shall be subsequently confirmed by Immunome in writing.

3. Personnel . Arrayjet will arrange for qualified personnel to support Arrayjet s obligations under this Agreement. To the best of Arrayjet s knowledge, Arrayjet confirms that none of its employees who are to participate in a Study have been associated with any known incidences of scientific misconduct or malfeasance.
 4. Inspections .
 4.1 Upon reasonable advance notice, Arrayjet will permit Immunome and/or its designated representatives (provided such representatives are not competitors of Arrayjet), during normal business hours and at mutually agreeable times, to visit Arrayjet facilities where the Study is taking place solely to monitor Arrayjet s performance of the Study.
 4.2 Arrayjet will notify Immunome as soon as practical in the event of any regulatory inspection of Arrayjet s facilities that directly impacts a Study. In the event of an inspection of the Study by a regulatory or administrative agency, Arrayjet will, to the extent permissible under Applicable Law, consult with and allow Immunome to review and comment on any responses to such agency related to the inspection.
 5. Records and Reports .
 5.1 Arrayjet will keep complete and accurate records of the status and progress of the Study as required by the Supporting Documents.
 5.2 At Immunome s cost and expense, if Applicable Law or Immunome requires Immunome s property to be held by Arrayjet, Arrayjet shall store Immunome s property as agreed upon in the Supporting Documents and in accordance with Arrayjet s standard archiving terms and conditions set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto and made a part hereof. Upon reasonable advance notice, provided that Immunome is not in default hereunder or under any of the Supporting Documents, Immunome shall have reasonable access to such material, and shall have the right to obtain photocopies of the raw data and supporting documentation, at Immunome s expense.
 6. Compensation .
 6.1 Immunome will pay Arrayjet as set forth in the Supporting Documents pursuant to the terms of the Supporting Documents. Arrayjet may elect to cease or suspend work on a Study or withhold required reports or other deliverables if Immunome does not make payments when due and payable.
 6.2 Immunome and Arrayjet agree that neither Immunome nor Arrayjet should receive a benefit or a detriment from differences arising from variations between foreign currency exchange rates for the currencies used for this project and those existing at the dates of the actual invoices, as published in the Wall Street Journal. If such a difference is larger than [ ], Immunome and Arrayjet have the right to request a re-evaluation of the future billing rates based on the work performed by Arrayjet after such a difference is observed.
 6.3 All Value Added Taxes, sales taxes and any other taxes required by Applicable Law shall be paid by Immunome.

7. Confidentiality .
 7.1 The parties may exchange proprietary, business and confidential information during the term of this Agreement, including without limitation, the existence and terms of this Agreement. Each party will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain such information in confidence and will employ reasonable and appropriate procedures to prevent its unauthorized publication or disclosure, and in any event efforts and procedures no less onerous than those which each party would apply to its own such information. Each party shall ensure that its employees, officers, representatives or advisers to whom it discloses the other party s information comply with this section 7. Except as expressly authorized in writing, neither party shall use the other party s proprietary, business or confidential information for any purpose other than in performance of this Agreement.
 7.2 In the event of site visits to the other party s facilities, each party agrees to protect any confidential information with which each party s representatives may come in contact, by any means and for whatever purpose, during visits to the other party s facilities in accordance with the level of protection required by this Section 7. Each party agrees to communicate the substance of this provision to any of its employees and representatives that will be visiting the other party s facilities. The obligations of confidentiality set forth in this Section 7 will survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement for a period of [ ].
 7.3 The confidentiality provisions of this Section 7 shall not apply to any part of such information, which:
 (a) is known to the receiving party at the time it was obtained from the disclosing party; (b) is acquired by the receiving party from a third party, and such third party did not obtain such information directly or indirectly from the disclosing party under an obligation not to disclose; (c) is or becomes published or otherwise in the public domain other than by violation of this Agreement by the receiving party; (d) is independently developed by the receiving party without reference to or reliance upon the information provided by the disclosing party and which the receiving party can demonstrate by appropriate written or recorded evidence; or (e) is required to be disclosed by the receiving party to comply with applicable laws or governmental regulations; provided that the receiving party provides prompt written notice of such disclosure to the disclosing party and cooperates with the disclosing party s reasonable and lawful actions to avoid and/or minimize the extent of such disclosure. 7.4 The parties agree that confidential information is not deemed to be in the public domain merely because any part of the information is embodied in general disclosures or because individual features, components, or combinations are now, or become, known to the public.

8. Use of Names . Neither party will use the other party s name or the name of any employee of the other party in any advertising, packaging, promotional material, or any other publicity relating to this Agreement, without the prior written approval of the other party.
 9. Warranties .
 9.1 Immunome warrants that it owns all rights, title and interest in or otherwise has the right to use Materials and the intellectual property related thereto, and that Arrayjet s use of any and all such Materials in connection with any Study will not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party.
 9.2 Arrayjet warrants that the Services shall conform to the specifications set forth in the Supporting Documents and the current material applicable standards, regulations and procedures of the appropriate regulatory agencies. Arrayjet does not warrant or represent that the results of the Study will be acceptable to any regulatory or governmental agency to which they are presented nor that the results of the Study will enable Immunome to further develop, market or otherwise exploit the Materials or any other product or service, and all and any other warranties or representations are expressly excluded by Arrayjet.
 10. Limitation of Liability .
 10.1 Arrayjet will not be liable for [ ].
 10.2 Arrayjet s liability under this Agreement, regardless of the form of action, shall be limited to [ ].
 11. Indemnities .
 11.1 Subject to the limitations of liability contained in Section 10 above, Arrayjet will defend, indemnify, save and hold harmless Immunome and its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any claims, demands, suits, actions, causes of action, losses, damages and liabilities, including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees and any costs and expenses associated with each party s compliance with a subpoena or other similar legal request related to a Study Claims arising out of or in connection with or attributable to Arrayjet s negligence or willful misconduct in performance of the Study, and will pay any costs and damages which may be assessed against them, provided that Arrayjet is given written notice of the Claims to Immunome and is given information, reasonable assistance, and sole authority to defend and/or settle the claim.
 11.2 Immunome will defend, indemnify, save and hold harmless Arrayjet and its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any Claims arising out of or in connection with or attributable to (a) the research, development, manufacture, distribution, use, sales or other disposition by Immunome, or any distributor, collaborator, customer, sublicensee, contractor, subcontractor, representative or agent of Immunome, of the Materials and/or any other substances upon which the services of Arrayjet were performed, or (b) any infringement of any third party s patent rights or unauthorized use or misappropriation of its know-how related to the Study, or (c) personal injury to Immunome s employees related to contact with animals, tissues, samples or specimens during visits to Arrayjet s 

facilities or after delivery of any animals, tissues, samples or specimens to Immunome, or (d) Immunome s breach of this Agreement, gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with this Agreement and will pay any costs and damages which may be assessed against them, provided that Immunome is given written notice of the Claims and is given information, reasonable assistance and sole authority to defend and/or settle the claim.
 12. Ownership .
 12.1 Any inventions and/or techniques for carrying out the Services hereunder which relate to the conduct of Arrayjet s business (the ArrayJet Inventions or Techniques are and shall remain Arrayjet s exclusive property, including but not limited to; all microarray printing and/or screening processes or techniques, present and future documentation, scientific and technical data, test procedures and other information that is owned or licensed by Arrayjet and that is not developed hereunder.
 Any data, discoveries or inventions developed or generated pursuant to this Agreement which relate to the conduct of Immunome s business or any information or materials provided by Immunome hereunder, including without limitation new data, uses, processes or compositions relating to the information or materials provided hereunder shall be the exclusive property of Immunome. Arrayjet agrees to assist Immunome in securing for Immunome any patents, copyrights or other proprietary rights in such data, discoveries or inventions, and to perform all acts that may be reasonably required to vest in Immunome all right, title and interest in such data, discoveries or inventions, and Arrayjet shall be compensated for such assistance. All costs and expenses associated with establishing Immunome s rights therein shall be Immunome s responsibility. 12.2 Immunome s area of interest is defined as the screening of human derived hybridoma libraries against cancer cell lysate libraries where the antigen(s) of interest are unknown Immunome s Area of Interest ).
 12.3 Subject to payment by Immunome of an annual fee of [ ] (the Fee ), Arrayjet shall not use Arrayjet Inventions or Techniques in Immunome s Area of Interest with any third party for the duration of this Agreement Exclusivity ), such Fee to be due and payable to Arrayjet in cleared funds upon each and every anniversary of the Effective Date for the duration of this Agreement, subject to the provisions of sections 12.4 and 12.5.
 12.4 The Fee for the first year of Exclusivity shall be paid to Arrayjet upon the date when [ ] hybridomas have been screened by Arrayjet on behalf of Immunome.
 [ ] for the first year after [ ] hybridomas have been screened Validated Start Date [ ] for the second year due on the first anniversary of the Validated Start Date [ ] for the third year due on the second anniversary of the Validated Start Date and on each and every anniversary thereafter while the agreement is in force. 

12.5 The Exclusivity and the Fee beyond the duration of the Agreement will be negotiated in good faith by the parties upon receipt of any notice to terminate the Agreement.
 12.6 There is no obligation on Immunome to seek exclusive access to Arrayjet Inventions or Techniques and in such circumstance Arrayjet shall not be restricted in the promotion or provision of products based on Arrayjet Inventions or Techniques to any third parties whether or not in Immunome s Area of Interest.
 13. Insurance . Each party shall carry and provide to the other upon request, a copy of its insurance certificate evidencing insurance sufficient to cover its interest or potential liabilities hereunder including, but not limited to worker s compensation, if applicable, and comprehensive general liability.
 14. Term and Termination .
 14.1 This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for [ ] from the Effective Date or until terminated by the parties as set forth below.
 14.2 Unless specified otherwise in the Supporting Documents, Immunome shall have the right to terminate an on-going Study at any time without cause. In the event a Study is terminated without cause, Arrayjet shall be paid for [ ].
 14.3 Either party may terminate this Agreement upon [ ] notice to the other party, provided that Arrayjet completes all Studies in progress, and Immunome makes all payments due to Arrayjet through the termination date as set forth in Section 14.2.
 14.4 Upon termination, neither party will have any further obligations under this Agreement, except that (i) the liabilities accrued through the date of termination and (ii) the obligations which by their terms survive termination, including the applicable confidentiality, record keeping, regulatory compliance, intellectual property and indemnification provisions of this Agreement, shall survive termination.
 15. Dispute Resolution . The parties shall in the first instance attempt, in good faith, to resolve through negotiations any controversy, claim, or dispute arising out of this Agreement. In the event that negotiations are not successful, the controversy, claim or dispute shall be submitted to third party mediation upon terms reasonably acceptable to the parties. If such claim, controversy or dispute is not resolved through mediation, upon written demand of either party, the claim, controversy or dispute shall be submitted to arbitration. Such arbitration shall take place in London, UK and shall proceed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction of the State of New York and the London Court of International Arbitration Rules (LCIA). All costs of such arbitration, except expert fees and attorneys fees, shall be shared equally by the parties.
 16. Miscellaneous .
 16.1 Notices . All notices from one party to the other will be in writing and will be delivered by addressing the same, if to Arrayjet, to the applicable address set forth above and, if to Immunome, to the address first set forth above, or at such other address as either party may specify in writing to the other. Notices shall be sent by overnight courier, certified mail, return receipt 

requested, or by other means of delivery requiring a written acknowledged receipt. All notices shall be effective upon receipt.
 16.2 Independent Contractor . The business relationship of Arrayjet to Immunome is that of an independent contractor and not of a partner, joint venturer, employer, employee or any other kind of relationship. Arrayjet will be solely responsible for expenses and liabilities associated with the employment of its employees.
 16.3 Assignment . This Agreement, and the rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned or transferred by either party without the prior written consent of the other party, except that either party may assign this Agreement to an affiliated company or in connection with the merger, consolidation or sale of substantially all assets of the party.
 16.4 Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Supporting Documents, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties, superseding any and all previous statements, negotiations, documents agreements and understandings, whether oral or written, as to the subject matter of the Agreement. No modification or waiver of the provisions of this Agreement shall be valid or binding on either party unless in writing and signed by both parties. No waiver of any term, right or condition under this Agreement on any one occasion shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver or continuing waiver of any such term, right or condition on any subsequent occasion or a waiver of any other term, right or condition hereunder.
 16.5 Severability . In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement is for any reason held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, that invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provisions of this Agreement, and all other provisions will remain in full force and effect. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be excessively broad, it will be reformed and construed by limiting and reducing it so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.
 16.6 Applicable Law . This Agreement will in all events and for all purposes be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to any choice of law principle that would dictate the application of the law of another jurisdiction.
 16.7 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, which taken together shall constitute a single legal document.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , duly authorized representatives of the parties have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the Effective Date. Arrayjet Immunome, Inc. By: [ ] By: /s/ Jane H. Hollingsworth Print Name: [ ] Print Name: Jane H. Hollingsworth Title: [ ] Title: CEO Date: [ ] Date: 8 November 2016 

EXHIBIT A [ ] 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-10.31>
 10
 tmb-20221231xex10d31.htm
 EX-10.31

Exhibit 10.31 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IMMUNOME, INC. HAS DETERMINED THE INFORMATION (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO IMMUNOME, INC. IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 

Arrayjet Advance Contract for Immunome Inc. Revision to Master Services Agreement Date: 15th February 2021 
 Direct No: [ ] Email: [ ] Direct No: [ ] Email: [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] 

 Contact Details: [ ] Direct No: [ ] [ ] Email: [ ] [ ] Direct No: [ ] [ ] Email: [ ] Arrayjet Ltd [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] Tel: [ ] Fax: [ ] 

Restriction on Disclosure Statement Technical and cost data contained in this proposal shall not be used or disclosed, except for Client s evaluation purposes, provided, that if a contract is awarded to Arrayjet as a result of, or in connection with, the submission of this proposal, Client shall have the right to use or disclose the data to the extent provided in the contract or consulting agreement. This restriction does not limit Client s right to use or disclose technical data obtained from another source without restriction. 
 REVISION TO THE MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 This is a revision to the Master Services Agreement (MSA) between Arrayjet and Immunome of 8 th of November 2016. The MSA will expire on the 31 st of [ ]. Section 12.1 - supplementary text, Arrayjet hereby assigns to Immunome all of the foregoing data, discoveries and inventions that belong to Immunome pursuant to this paragraph. 
 CONTRACT SIGNATURES 
 Authorised on behalf of: Immunome Inc. Arrayjet Ltd Name: Purnanand Sarma Name: [ ] Title: CEO Title: [ ] Signed: /s/ Purnanand Sarma Signed: [ ] Date: Date: [ ] 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 11
 tmb-20221231xex10d32.htm
 EX-10.32

Exhibit 10.32 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IMMUNOME, INC. HAS DETERMINED THE INFORMATION (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO IMMUNOME, INC. IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 AMENDMENT #2 TO MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT AMENDMENT #2 TO MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT (this Amendment dated as of January 1, 2022 between Immunome, Inc. Immunome and Arrayjet Limited Arrayjet ). Capitalized terms not herein defined have the meaning assigned to them in the Agreement. The parties entered into that certain Master Services Agreement dated November 8, 2016, as amended (the Agreement ). The parties wish to amend the Agreement, as provided in this Amendment. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and covenants set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. The parties wish to extend the Agreement through [ ]. 2. The parties acknowledge and agree that all of the terms, provisions, covenants and conditions of the Agreement shall hereafter continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms thereof, except to the extent herein amended. 3. This Amendment may be executed by the parties on separate counterparts, both of which shall be an original and both of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date first written above. IMMUNOME, INC. ARRAYJET LIMITED By: /s/ Purnanand Sarma, Ph.D. By: [ ] Name. Purnanand Sarma, Ph.D. Name: [ ] Title: CEO 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 12
 tmb-20221231xex10d33.htm
 EX-10.33

Exhibit 10.33 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IMMUNOME, INC. HAS DETERMINED THE INFORMATION (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO IMMUNOME, INC. IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 AMENDMENT #3 TO MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT AMENDMENT #3 TO MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT (this Amendment dated as of December 30, 2022 between Immunome, Inc. Immunome and Arrayjet Limited Arrayjet ). Capitalized terms not herein defined have the meaning assigned to them in the Agreement (as defined below). Background : The parties entered into that certain Master Services Agreement dated November 8, 2016. (the Agreement ). The Agreement was amended January 1, 2022. The parties wish to further vary the Agreement, as provided in this Amendment. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and covenants set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Section 14.1 of the MSA is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue through [ ], subject to extension as the parties may mutually agree from time to time, or until terminated by the parties as set forth below. 2. In no event shall Arrayjet have the right to terminate the MSA pursuant to Section 14.3 for the period commencing on the date of this Amendment #3 and continuing through [ ]. 3. The first sentence of the second paragraph of Section 12.1 is hereby amended to add the following language to the end of that sentence: and Arrayjet hereby assigns all of the foregoing, and all of Immunome s right, title and interest therein and thereto, to Immunome . 4. The parties reaffirm that, pursuant to clause 4A(i) of the License Agreement dated as of June 28, 2019 between Immunome and Arrayjet, Section 12.3 and Section 12.4 of the Agreement no longer are applicable. 5. The parties acknowledge and agree that all the terms, provisions, covenants and conditions of the Agreement shall hereafter continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms thereof, except to the extent herein amended. 

6. This Amendment may be executed by the parties on separate counterparts, both of which shall be an original and both of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date first written above. IMMUNOME, INC. By: /s/ Purnanand Sara, Ph.D. Name. Purnanand Sarma, Ph.D. Title: CEO ARRAYJET LIMITED By: [ ] Name. [ ] Title: [ ] 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.34>
 13
 tmb-20221231xex10d34.htm
 EX-10.34

Exhibit 10.34 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IMMUNOME, INC. HAS DETERMINED THE INFORMATION (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO IMMUNOME, INC. IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 Quotation Contract of Sale Immunome, Inc. 

SERVICES Hybridoma screening QUOTE REFERENCE [ ] EFFECTIVE DATE December 30, 2022 CONTACT DETAILS [ ] [ ] [ ] ADDRESS Arrayjet Ltd, [ ] RESTRICTION ON DISCLOSURE The technical data and pricing information contained in this quotation are confidential and should only be used for the Customer s evaluation and procurement purposes. 

Screening Schedule [ ] [ ] This is a Supporting Document as defined in the Master Services Agreement between Arrayjet and Immunome of 8 November 2016, as amended (MSA). The laws, terms and conditions, and defined terms specified in the MSA shall apply to this Supporting Document unless stated otherwise. In the event of a conflict between this Supporting Document and the MSA, the Supporting Document governs and supersedes. Definitions Services: The body of work to be undertaken during this contract by Arrayjet on behalf of Immunome made up of distinct Screening Cycles. Screening Cycle: A defined volume of work as described in Schedule 1 that includes lysate printing, hybridoma printing and data extraction. Out of Scope Work: Work that is compelled by findings not anticipated by this Supporting Document. The specifics of work that is considered out of scope, and the economic ramifications of this work, will be mutually agreed to by both parties before such work commences. Quality Standards: an agreed and documented set of standards for all reagents received from Immunome and amended from time to time with the written agreement from both parties. Acceptance Criteria: The criteria agreed upon by Arrayjet and Immunome that determine the acceptable level of slide and spot failure. The Acceptance Criteria are described in Schedule 3. Instrument Access Fee: The fees paid by Immunome to reserve priority access to all instrumentation required for the provision of Services at Arrayjet. Instrumentation includes the assets known as [ ], [ ], [ ], [ ]. Screening Services Fee: The fees paid by Immunome for the provision of Services. License Agreement: the license agreement between Arrayjet and Immunome of 28 June 2019 and its amendments. 1. Executive summary and objectives of the Supporting Document 1.1 Immunome generates hybridoma libraries using B cells isolated from cancer patients, and Arrayjet have been contracted to screen these hybridomas against panels of cell lysates. The aim of the work is to identify hybridomas which generate antibodies that are of potential value. 1.2 Arrayjet have proprietary expertise, technology and processes to screen hybridomas using a multi-layered microarray assay. 1.3 Immunome wishes Arrayjet to screen hybridomas for the period January 1st, 2023, until [ ], and Arrayjet wishes to provide the screening services to Immunome. This work will be divided into Screening Cycles selected by Immunome from the options described in Schedule 1. Arrayjet shall perform the 

Services and shall use best endeavours provide Immunome with an agreed amount of data within the agreed timeframe of a Screening Cycle. 1.4 All of the Services shall be specified in a work order as agreed upon and executed by the parties from time to time (each, a Task Order ). Each Task Order shall set forth the specific Services to be provided and any specifications therefor, deliverables, deadlines and any additional terms that the parties mutually determine. There will be no limit to the number of Task Orders that may be entered into pursuant to this Supporting Document, and each Task Order shall be incorporated herein by reference and be subject to the terms and conditions of this Supporting Document. This Supporting Document shall prevail in the event of a conflict between any term of this Supporting Document and any term of a Task Order, except to the extent explicitly stated in the applicable Task Order. 2. Obligations 2.1 Immunome shall provide a rolling non-binding forecast of the expected number and type of Screening Cycles anticipated for the [ ] ahead, reflected on a quarterly basis. 2.2 Arrayjet will procure sufficient consumables and reagents to conduct the Services based on the forecast provided in 2.1. 2.3 Immunome will provide all necessary reagents (principally the lysates and hybridomas) not less than [ ] before required. 2.4 Immunome shall supply reagents that conform to the agreed Quality Standards. 2.5 Arrayjet shall inspect all reagents upon receipt and notify Immunome of any deviations from the Quality Standards prior to the commencement of each Lysate Print Run and Hybridoma Print Run. 2.6 All data and information necessary for Arrayjet to conduct the Services shall be provided by Immunome to Arrayjet not less than [ ] before each Screening Cycle is due to commence. 3. Term and Termination 3.1 Term. This Supporting Document is entered into as of the date of signature and shall continue through [ ] [ ] Term ), unless: 3.1.1 this Supporting Document is terminated in accordance with clause 3.2 or 3.3; 3.1.2 the MSA is terminated in accordance with its terms; or 3.1.3 both parties mutually agree an extension in writing. 3.2 Termination for Material Breach. Either Party may terminate this agreement upon written notice to the other Party upon a violation or breach by the other Party or any Party acting on its behalf of any material provision of this contract, if such violation or breach is not cured within [ ] following written notice specifying the default, unless such violation or breach is a violation or breach of the other party s confidentiality or intellectual property rights, in which case either Party may terminate immediately upon written notice to the other Party. 3.3 Termination for Convenience. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Immunome may terminate this Supporting Document upon [ ] written notice to Arrayjet. If Immunome chooses to exercise its right to terminate under this Clause 3.3, then all fees which have not already been paid by Immunome in Schedule 1 shall be 

immediately due and payable to Arrayjet upon such termination, except to the extent that such termination is in connection with a breach by Arrayjet under the License Agreement. 3.4 For the avoidance of doubt, for the duration of the Term, Arrayjet shall not have any at-will termination rights pursuant to Section 14.3 of the MSA. 4. Pricing and Payment 4.1 Arrayjet shall invoice Immunome on execution of the Supporting Document, and Immunome shall pay such invoice(s) in accordance with Schedule 3 - Payment Schedule. 4.2 Any work out of the scope of this contract must be agreed to by both parties and approved by Immunome in writing. Arrayjet will not be compensated for any out-of-scope work that is not approved in writing via a project change order. 4.3 Immunome shall pay Arrayjet interest in an amount equal to [ ] of interest for any undisputed payments made later than [ ] after the date of payment set out in Schedule 3. 4.4 Arrayjet reserves the right to suspend all outstanding work pursuant to this Agreement in the case that payment on undisputed invoices is overdue more than [ ]; provided that written notice of suspension is provided by Arrayjet to Immunome and payment is not made within such [ ] period after such notice, and to seek financial recompense for any outstanding funds. Arrayjet also reserves the right to cease work on any other ongoing Services, in the case that Immunome is considered to have defaulted on undisputed payments. 4.5 Payments are to be made by bank (wire) transfer only and all bank charges to implement a wire transfer will be paid for by the customer. 4.6 Prices are exclusive of UK Value Added Tax (VAT) and any local taxes. 5. CONTRACT SIGNATURES Authorised via DocuSign on behalf of: IMMUNOME, INC. ARRAYJET LTD Name Purnanand Sarma Name [ ] Title CEO Title [ ] Signature /s/ Purnanand Sarma Signature [ ] Date 12/29/2022 Date [ ] 

Schedule 1: Costs [ ] 

Schedule 2 Acceptance Criteria and Credit Mechanism [ ] 

Schedule 3 - Payment Schedule [ ] 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-23.1>
 14
 tmb-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-259966 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement No. 333-254731 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 28, 2022, relating to the financial statements of Immunome, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Philadelphia, Pennsylvania March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 15
 tmb-20221231xex23d2.htm
 EX-23.2

Exhibit 23.2 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-259966) of Immunome, Inc., (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-254731) pertaining to the 2008 Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan, the 2018 Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan, the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, and the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Immunome, Inc.; of our report dated March 16, 2023, with respect to the financial statements of Immunome, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Immunome, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Ernst Young LLP Philadelphia, Pennsylvania March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 16
 tmb-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Purnanand D. Sarma, Ph.D., certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Immunome, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 By: /s/ Purnanand D. Sarma Name: Purnanand D. Sarma, Ph.D. Title: President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 17
 tmb-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Corleen Roche, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Immunome, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 By: /s/ Corleen Roche Name: Corleen Roche Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 18
 tmb-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Immunome, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 16, 2023 By: /s/ Purnanand D. Sarma Name: Purnanand D. Sarma, Ph.D. Title: President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 19
 tmb-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Immunome, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 16, 2023 By: /s/ Corleen Roche Name: Corleen Roche Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 24
 tmb-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 26
 tmb-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 27
 tmb-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 28
 tmb-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

