<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1912582_0001213900-23-024918.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4314584</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>350969</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1035128</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>812713</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1058380</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>967711</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024918.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330214719
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024918
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Feutune Light Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001912582
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				874620515
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41424
		FILM NUMBER:		23782857

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		48 BRIDGE STREET
		STREET 2:		BUILDING A
		CITY:			METUCHEN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08840
		BUSINESS PHONE:		909-214-2482

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		48 BRIDGE STREET
		STREET 2:		BUILDING A
		CITY:			METUCHEN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08840

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024918.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_feutunelight.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended ,

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: - 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock, one Warrant and one Right The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Rights, each right exchangeable for one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Class A Common Stock at the closing of a business combination The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

At June 30, 2022, the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant
held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . 

The number of shares of the common stock of the registrant outstanding
as of March 15, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

FEUTUNE LIGHT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

FORM 10-K 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 15 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 20 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 20 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 20 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 21 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 22 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 22 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 23 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 29 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 30 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 32 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 34 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 35 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 37 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report
on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities
Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are
not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding
our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions,
are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: 

ability to complete our initial business combination; 

success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking
statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential
effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more
of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects
from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable laws. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

In this Annual Report
on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us, and our 
refer to Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation 

Overview 

We are a newly organized
blank check company formed as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this report
as our initial business combination. Our efforts to identify a potential target has not been limited to a particular industry. We will
not undertake our initial business combination with an entity being based in or having the majority of the company s operations
in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). Our ability to locate a potential target is subject to the uncertainties discussed in the registration
statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-264221) (the S-1 ), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

On June 21, 2022, we
consummated our initial public offering (the IPO of 9,775,000 units (the Units ), which included 1,225,000
units issued upon the partial exercise of the over-allotment option of the underwriters of the IPO. Each Unit consists of one share of
our Class A common stock (the Class A Common Stock ), 0.0001 par value per share (the Public Shares ), one
redeemable warrant (the Warrants ), each Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock
at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, and one right (the Rights ), each one Right entitling the holder thereof to exchange
for one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A Common Stock upon the completion of the Company s initial business combination, generating gross
proceeds of 97,750,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we completed the private sale (the Private Placement of 498,875 units (the Private Units , consisting of one Class A Common Stock, or the Private Share , one warrant,
or the Private Warrant , and one right, or the Private Right ), including 478,875 units to the Company s
sponsor, Feutune Light Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), and 20,000 units to US Tiger Securities, Inc. US Tiger ,
together with our Sponsor, directors and officers, the founders ), the representative of the underwriters of the IPO, at
a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds of 4,988,750 (including 4,788,750 from Sponsor and 200,000 from
US Tiger) (the Private Placement Proceeds ). The Private Units are identical to the units as part of the Units in the IPO,
except that the Private Units are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities
affiliated with or related to our founders, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination. The proceeds of 99,216,250 10.15 per Unit) in the aggregate from the IPO and a portion from the
Private Placement (the Trust Funds ), were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account established for the
benefit of the Company s public stockholders and the underwriters of the IPO with Wilmington Trust, National Association acting
as trustee. 

The Trust Funds include
 3,421,250 payable to the underwriters (the deferred underwriting compensation pursuant to the underwriting agreement dated
June 15, 2022, entered among us, US Tiger and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, the representatives (the Representatives of the underwriters of the IPO. 

Our management has
broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the proceeds of the Private Placement that are held out of the Trust Account,
although substantially all the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating an initial business combination and
working capital. 

Since our IPO, our
sole business activity has been identifying, evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates and preparing for consummation of
an initial business combination. We intend to complete our initial business combination using cash from
the proceeds of this offering and the private placements of the private units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock
and debt. We shall not undertake our initial business combination with any company being based in or having the majority of the company s
operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). Our Certificate of Incorporation to be adopted upon the effectiveness of this prospectus
prohibit us from undertaking our initial business combination with any company being based in or having the majority of the company s
operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

1 

Permission Required from the PRC Authorities
for our Business Combination and Relevance of PRC Regulations. 

We are a Delaware corporation
with no operations in China and all of our officers and directors are U.S. citizens, thus we or any of our officers and directors are
not required to obtain permission from any Chinese authorities to operate or conduct a business combination. Since we will not undertake
our initial business combination with any company being based in or having the majority of the company s operations in China (including
Hong Kong and Macau), we do not expect that any permission or approval that our officers and directors or us would be required from the
Chinese authorities to search for a target company or to consummate our initial business combination. 

We are a blank check company
with no operation of our own except search for a non-China-based target for our initial business combination. We do not have any subsidiaries
and all of our officers and directors are located in the United States. Therefore, we do not consider ourselves a China-based issuer,
in particular, as specified in the Trial Administrative Measures of the Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies,
or the Trial Measures, and five supporting guidelines promulgated by the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC on February 17, 2023, which will become effective on March 31, 2023. According to the Trial Administration Measures, an
issuer is a domestic [Chinese] company if the issuer meets both of the following conditions and thus, subject to
the requirements for domestic [Chinese] companies seeking to offer or list securities overseas, both directly and indirectly, thereunder:
(i) any of the total assets, net assets, revenues or profits of the domestic operating entities of the issuer in the most recent accounting
year accounts for more than 50 of the corresponding figure in the issuer s audited consolidated financial statements for the same
period; and (ii) its major operational activities are carried out in China or its main places of business are located in China, or the
senior managers in charge of operation and management of the issuer are mostly Chinese citizens or are domiciled in China. 

Additionally, as of the date
of this report, no transfers, dividends, or distributions have been made by us. We have not adopted or maintained any other cash management
policies and procedures and need to comply with applicable law or regulations with respect to transfer of funds, dividends and distributions,
if any. Given that we are not a China-based issuer or expect to be a China-based issuer upon the consummation of our initial business
combination, we are not subject to or will become subject to the foreign exchange control rules of the PRC. 

Certain Potential Restrictions or Negative
Impacts 

We believe that none of our
officers, directors, sponsor and members of our sponsor have significant ties to China except that some of our management members and
sponsor members lived in China or Hong Kong more than ten or twenty years ago before they came to the United Stated for advanced
education and commenced their professional careers in the United States and certain members of our sponsor including Ms. Sau Fong Yeung
(holding approximately 41.3 of equity interest in the sponsor), the manager of the sponsor and Mr. Xianhong Wu (indirectly holding approximately
17.4 of equity interest in the sponsor) are Hong Kong citizens and U.S. permanent residents. As our Certificate of Incorporation prohibits
us from undertaking our initial business combination with any company being based in or having the majority of the company s operations
in China (including Hong Kong and Macau), we do not believe the historical path of some of our management and sponsor members will result
in a material change in our search for a target company and the value of the securities that we are registering for sale. However, we
cannot predict the perception from potential target companies or the market, it is uncertain whether that would make us a less attractive
partner to a non-China or non-Hong Kong-based target company and such perception may potentially limit or negatively impact our search
for an initial business combination. See the section titled Risk Factors All of our management as well as members of
our sponsor are either U.S. citizens or permanent residents in the United States and our sponsor is a Delaware LLC; and they do not have
significant ties to China and Hong Kong except that certain members of our management and sponsor members lived in China and Hong Kong
in the past, it is uncertain whether that would make us a less attractive partner to a non-China or non-Hong Kong-based target company
and such perception may potentially limit or negatively impact our search for an initial business combination. 

2 

Controlling or non-controlling
investments in U.S. businesses that produce, design, test, manufacture, fabricate or develop one or more critical technologies in one
of 27 identified industries including aviation, defense, semiconductors, telecommunications and biotechnology are subject
to a mandatory filing with the Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S. CFIUS ). In addition, CFIUS is an interagency
committee authorized to review certain transactions involving foreign investment in the United States by foreign persons in order to determine
the effect of such transactions on the national security of the United States. Two members of our sponsor are Hong Kong citizen and US
permanent residents, any proposed business combination between us and a U.S. business engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect
national security could be subject to such foreign ownership restrictions and/or CFIUS review. The scope of CFIUS was expanded by the
Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments
in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing
regulations that are now in force, also subject certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. If our potential initial business
combination with a U.S. business falls within the scope of foreign ownership restrictions, we may be unable to consummate a business combination
with such business. In addition, if our potential business combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may be required to
make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business combination without
notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay
our initial business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination
or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company if we had proceeded without first obtaining CFIUS clearance.
The foreign ownership limitations, and the potential impact of CFIUS, may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent
us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our stockholders.
As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely
affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. Moreover,
the process of government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our
initial business combination our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate.
If we liquidate, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share initially, and our warrants and rights will expire worthless.
This will also cause you to lose any potential investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on
your investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. See the section titled Risk Factors We may not
be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company if such initial business combination is subject to U.S.
foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States
(CFIUS), or ultimately prohibited. in this report. 

Extension of the Period of Time to Consummate
Initial Business Combination 

On March 21, 2023, an aggregate
of 977,500 (the Extension Payment was deposited by the Sponsor into the Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing
 0.10 per public share, which enables the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by
three months from March 21, 2023 to June 21, 2023 (the Extension ). 

In connection with the Extension
Payment, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note to the Sponsor. 

The
Note is non-interest bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) upon the date on which the Company consummates
its initial business combination. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company. The holder of the
Note has the right, but not the obligation, to convert the Note, in whole or in part, into Private Units of the Company, as described
in the Prospectus of the Company, by providing the Company with written notice of its intention to convert the Note at least two business
days prior to the closing of the Company s initial business combination. The number of Private Units to be received by the holder
in connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to
the holder, by (y) 10.00. 

Among 977,500 Extension Payment, (i) 600,000 were deposited by the
Company s sponsor, Feutune Light Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), and (ii) 377,500 by the Company from the working capital
account of the Company in lieu of the Sponsor, pursuant to a non-interest, short-term loan provided by the Company to the Sponsor (the
 Short-Term Loan Note to the Company, which provides for repayment of the Short-Term Loan on or before March 31, 2023..stockholder 

3 

Effecting the Initial Business Combination 

Our business strategy
is to identify and acquire potential targets in which we believe can materially grow revenue and earnings through the efforts of a combined
management team followed by the completion of an initial business combination, but we will not undertake our initial business combination
with an entity being based in or having the majority of the company s operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

Initial Business Combination 

Our initial business combination
must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in
the Trust Account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions payable to our underwriters and taxes payable) at the time of our signing
a definitive agreement in connection with the initial business combination, but we will not undertake our initial business combination
with an entity being based in or having the majority of the company s operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). If our
board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), or an independent
valuation or accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such
opinion, nor will they be able to rely on such opinion. 

The Trust Funds
released to us from the Trust Account upon the closing of our initial business combination may be used as consideration to pay the sellers
of a target business with which we complete our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity
or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with
our initial business combination or used for redemption of our Public Shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the
Trust Account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction
businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund
the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

In addition, we may be required
to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination to be used following the closing for
general corporate purposes as described above. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or
equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including
pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following consummation of the IPO. Subject to compliance
with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination.
At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds
through the sale of securities or otherwise. None of our founders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after
our initial business combination. We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial business combination to fund our working
capital needs and transaction costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial business combination. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, following the IPO and prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
we are prohibited from issuing additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account
or (ii) vote as a class with our Public Shares (a) on any initial business combination, or (b) to approve an amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate an initial business combination
beyond March 21, 2023 (9 months from the closing of the IPO) (or up to December 21, 2023 (18 months from the closing of the IPO) (the
 Combination Period if we extend the period of time to consummate an initial business combination) or (y) amend the
foregoing provisions, unless (in connection with any such amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) we offer
our public stockholders the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares. 

The existence of financial and personal interests of one or more of
our directors results in conflicts of interest on the part of such director(s) between what he, she or they may believe is in the
best interests of us and its stockholders and what he, she or they may believe is best for himself, herself or themselves in determining
to recommend that stockholders vote for the proposals. In addition, our officers have interests in the Business Combination that may conflict
with your interests as a stockholder. For more information on the foregoing conflicts of interest and the relevant pre-existing fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations of our management team, see the section titled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance Conflicts of Interest . 

4 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure
will make us an attractive initial business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a
target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other initial business combination. In
this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our
stock or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the
sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will
find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In
a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that
may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a
proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public
offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could
delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business
would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders 
interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in
attracting talented employees. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible
to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not
 emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion
of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be
a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of
the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during
the prior three-year period. 

Financial Position 

With funds in the Trust Account
available for an initial business combination initially in the amount of 95,795,000, after payment of 3,421,250 for the deferred underwriting
compensation, before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options
such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening
its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our
cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that
will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken
any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

5 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period
of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete initial business combinations with multiple entities in
one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being
in a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By
completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management
Team 

Although we intend
to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business
combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the
future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role
of members of our management team or of our board, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While
it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is presently unknown if any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations
of the particular target business. The determination as to whether any members of our board of directors will remain with the combined
company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following the initial
business combination, to the extent that we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent
management team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional
managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our
Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required
by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented
in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval
is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 Whether Stockholder Approval is Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 Yes 

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would
be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Common Stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Common Stock then outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of Common Stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of Common Stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

6 

The decision as to
whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval
is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based
on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: (i) the timing of the transaction,
including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek stockholder
approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company;
(ii) the expected cost of holding a stockholder vote; (iii) the risk that the stockholders would fail to approve a proposed
initial business combination; (iv) other time and budget constraints of the company; and (v) additional legal complexities of
a proposed initial business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders. 

Permitted Purchases of our Securities 

In the event we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our founders, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. 

None of the funds in
the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when they are in possession
of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange
Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is
no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our founders or advisors
or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise
their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not
currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange
Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine
at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The purpose of such
purchases would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining
stockholder approval of our initial business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that
requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears
that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise
have been possible. 

In addition, if such
purchases are made, the public float of our Common Stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. 

Our founders or advisors
and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our founders, advisors or their affiliates may pursue
privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by
stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our founders,
advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have
expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against our initial business combination.
Our founders, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act
and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our
founders, advisors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made
to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation
under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must
be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our founders, advisors and/or their affiliates will not
make purchases of Common Stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. 

7 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion
of the Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Common Stock upon the completion of our initial business
combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and
not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitations described
herein. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.15 per public share. The per-share amount we
will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting compensation. Our founders
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any
Founder Shares and any Private Shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, if
our founders acquire Public Shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with
respect to such Public Shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. 

We will complete our Business Combination only if a majority of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. A quorum for the special meeting for such a vote
will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority
of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our founders will count
toward this quorum and have agreed to vote their Founder Shares, Private Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO
in favor of our Business Combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of Common Stock voted,
non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our Business Combination once a quorum is obtained. Our founders collectively own 3,002,625
shares of Common Stock (including 2,443,750 Founder Shares, 498,875 Private Shares and 60,000 Representative Shares). As a result, in
addition to our founders Founder Shares, Private Shares and Representative Shares, we would need 3,386,188 shares (or 34.64 of
the 9,775,000 Public Shares sold in the IPO) in order to have our Business Combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares voted);
or 191,782 shares (1.96 of the 9,775,000 Public Shares sold in the IPO) in order to have our Business Combination approved (assuming
only the quorum is present and voted). We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior
written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our Business Combination. 

These quorums and voting
thresholds, and the voting agreements of our founders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our Business Combination. Each
public stockholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote, do not vote or abstain, and if they do vote,
irrespective of whether they vote for or against the Business Combination, and irrespective of whether they were a public stockholder
on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the Business Combination. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our Public Shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets
will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of
underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater
net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example,
the proposed Business Combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be
transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other
conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed Business Combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be
required to pay for all shares of Common Stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions
pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the
Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Common Stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

8 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of
Initial Business Combination 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our
Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a
public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in
concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking
redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the
 Excess Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and
subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed Business Combination
as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on
other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the
IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a
premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no
more than 20 of the shares sold in the IPO, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably
attempt to block our ability to complete our Business Combination, particularly in connection with a Business Combination with a
target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation does not restrict our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against, or to abstain from voting on, our Business Combination. 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection
with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

We may require our
public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street
name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed
to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the Business Combination in the event we distribute
proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders
of our Public Shares in connection with our Business Combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy
such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the
close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the Business Combination if we distribute proxy materials, as
applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it
is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their Public Shares. 

There is a nominal
cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC
System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass
this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise
redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the
timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different
from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their initial business
combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination,
and a holder could simply vote against an initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking
to exercise his or her redemption rights. After an initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder
to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option
window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s
stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually
delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they
needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the initial
business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to
the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem
such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder
meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection
with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such
holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds
to be distributed to holders of our Public Shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of
initial business combination. 

If our Business Combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed Business
Combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target with the Combination
Period. 

9 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if no Initial Business Combination 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we have only 18 months from the closing of the IPO to complete our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination with the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public
Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our Warrants, which will expire
worthless if we fail to complete our Business Combination with the Combination Period. 

Our founders have waived their
rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares and Private Shares held by them if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within with the Combination Period. However, if our founders acquire Public Shares in or
after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if we fail
to complete our initial business combination with the Combination Period. 

Our founders have agreed,
pursuant to a letter agreement with us (filed as an exhibit hereto), that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (i) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination with the
Combination Period, or (ii) with respect to any other material provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Common Stock upon approval
of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided by the number of then
outstanding Public Shares. However, we will only redeem our Public Shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will
be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters 
fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right
is exercised with respect to an excessive number of Public Shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described
above) we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our Public Shares. 

We expect that all
costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts
remaining out of the approximately 500,000 of proceeds held outside the Trust Account, although we cannot assure you that there will
be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing
our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the Trust Account not required to pay taxes on interest income
earned on the Trust Account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 50,000 of such accrued
interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend
all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Shares, other than the Trust Funds, and without taking into account interest,
if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately
 10.15. The Trust Funds could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims
of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially
less than 10.15. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid
in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or
provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any,
we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

10 

Although we will seek
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest and claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public
stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be
prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility
or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with
respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement
waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to
it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s
engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third
party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management
is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. 

In addition, there
is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations,
contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will
be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below
(i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn
to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account
and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Sponsor will not
be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims We have not independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient
funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. We have not
asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy
those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial
business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.15 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete
our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your Public
Shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. 

In the event that the
Trust Funds are reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account
as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount
of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and the Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the
independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome
is not likely. We have not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that the Sponsor
would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the
per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.15 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce
the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. the Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under
our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have
access to up to approximately 700,000 from the proceeds of the IPO with which to pay any such potential claims. In the event that we
liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds
from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our Public Shares in the event
we do not complete our Business Combination with the Combination Period may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law.
If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable
provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation,
a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating
distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser
of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder
would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

11 

Furthermore, if the pro rata
portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our Public Shares in the event we do not complete
our Business Combination within the Combination Period if we extend the period of time to consummate an initial business combination),
is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant
to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption
distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination
with the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes or for working capital purposes (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve
and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our Public Shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 18th month and,
therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the
extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary
of such date. 

Because we will not
be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such
time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within
the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited
to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers,
investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting
agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business
execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account. As a
result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would
result in any liability extending to the Trust Account is remote. Further, the Sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure
that the amounts in the Trust Account are not reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public
share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy
petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the Trust Funds could be subject to applicable
bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims
of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.15
per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek
to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its
fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages,
by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will
not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our Public Shares if we do not complete
an initial business combination with the Combination Period, subject to applicable law, (ii) (a) in connection with a stockholder
vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we have not consummated
an initial business combination with the Combination Period, or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in
connection with those Public Shares that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described in the S-1.
In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. In the event we seek stockholder
approval in connection with our Business Combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the Business Combination alone will
not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such stockholder
must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. 

12 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having
a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating
businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting
initial business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical,
human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay
cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our
initial business combination and our outstanding Warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably
by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial
business combination. 

Facilities 

Our executive offices
are located at 48 Bridge Street Building A, Metuchen, New Jersey 08840. 

Employees 

We currently have three executive
officers including Mr. Xuedong (Tony) Tian, Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Lei Xu, Chairwoman and President, and Ms. Yuanmei Ma, Chief Financial
Officer. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of
their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our Business Combination. The amount of time they will devote
in any time period will vary based on the stage of the Business Combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time
employees prior to the completion of our Business Combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered
our Units, Class A Common Stock, Warrants and Rights under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports
will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We have filed a Registration
Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result,
we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15
to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our Business Combination. 

We will provide stockholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We cannot assure you that any particular target business selected by us as a potential acquisition candidate
will have financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its
financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the
proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will
be material. 

We will be required to
evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal
control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding
adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

Legal Proceedings 

There is no material
litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity
as such. 

13 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. However, in addition to any risk factors disclosed in our Prospectus, we believe the risks described
below outline additional items of most concern to us: 

We may not be able to
complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company if such initial business combination is subject to U.S. foreign investment
regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the (CFIUS), or ultimately
prohibited. 

All of our officers and directors
as well as members of our sponsor are U.S. persons. Ms. Sau Fong Yeung, who is a member holding 41.3 equity interest in and the manager
of our Sponsor, is a Hong Kong citizen and U.S. permanent resident based in Hong Kong. Controlling or non-controlling investments in U.S.
businesses that produce, design, test, manufacture, fabricate or develop one or more critical technologies in one of 27 identified industries
 including aviation, defense, semiconductors, telecommunications and biotechnology are subject to a mandatory filing with
CFIUS. In addition, CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions involving foreign investment in the United
States by foreign persons in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the United States. Because
we may be considered a foreign person under such rules and regulations due to Ms. Sau Fong Yeung s Hong Kong citizenship,
any proposed business combination between us and a U.S. business engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect national security,
we could be subject to such foreign ownership restrictions and/or CFIUS review. The scope of CFIUS was expanded by FIRRMA to include certain
non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying
U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subject certain categories of investments to
mandatory filings. If our potential initial business combination with a U.S. business falls within the scope of foreign ownership restrictions,
we may be unable to consummate a business combination with such business. In addition, if our potential business combination falls within
CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may be required to make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed
with the initial business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business
combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns
with respect to such initial business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company if
we had proceeded without first obtaining CFIUS clearance. The foreign ownership limitations, and the potential impact of CFIUS, may limit
the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe
would otherwise be beneficial to us and our stockholders. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial
business combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies
which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. 

Moreover, the process of government
review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our initial business combination
our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public
stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share initially, and our warrants and rights will expire worthless. This will also cause you
to lose any potential investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any
price appreciation in the combined company. 

The manager of our sponsor
is a resident of Hong Kong. Further, there is uncertainty if any officers and directors of the post-combination entity will be located
outside the Unites States. Therefore, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce
their legal rights, to effect service of process upon the said person or those officers and directors after the business combination located
outside the United States, to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on them
under United States securities laws. 

Ms. Sau Fong Yeung, who is
a member holding 41.3 equity interest in and the manager of our Sponsor, is a Hong Kong citizen and U.S. permanent resident based in
Hong Kong. Further, there is uncertainty if any officers and directors of the post-combination entity will be located outside the Unites
States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights,
to effect service of process upon the said person or those officers and directors after the business combination located outside the United
States, to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on them under United States
securities laws. In particular, the PRC does not have treaties providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of
courts with the United States and many other countries and regions, and you may have to incur substantial costs and contribute significant
time to enforce civil liabilities and criminal penalties in reliance on legal remedies under PRC laws. Therefore, recognition and enforcement
in the PRC of judgement of United States courts in relation to any matter not subject to a binding arbitration provision may be difficult
or impossible. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We do not own any real
estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. We maintain our principal executive offices at 48 Bridge Street,
Building A, Metuchen, New Jersey 08840. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available
to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not currently
a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation
or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

14 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our Units began to
trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol FLFVU on June 16, 2022. The Class A Common Stock, Warrants
and Rights comprising the Units began separate trading on Nasdaq on August 8, 2022, under the symbols FLFV , FLFVW 
and FLFVR , respectively. 

Holders of Record 

At March 15, 2023, there were
2 holders of record of our Class A Common Stock, 8 holders of record of our Class B Common Stock, [1] holder of record of our Units, 1
holder of record of our separately traded Warrants, and [1] holder of record of our separately traded Rights. The number of record holders
was determined from the records of our transfer agent. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any
cash dividends on our shares of Class A Common Stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to
an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our
board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not
anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does
not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare
dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, we completed the Private Placement of 498,875 Private Units, including 478,875 Private Units to the Company s
Sponsor, and 20,000 units to US Tiger, the representative of the underwriters of the IPO, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Unit,
generating gross proceeds of 4,988,750 (including 4,788,750 from Sponsor and 200,000 from US Tiger). The Private Units are identical
to the units as part of the Units in the IPO, except that the Private Units are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our
officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to our founders, each of whom will be subject to the same
transfer restrictions) until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

As a smaller reporting
company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

15 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the
notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

We are a blank check
company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination (the initial business combination with one or more businesses.
We intend to complete our initial business combination using cash from the IPO, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock
and debt. 

We presently have no
revenue, have had losses since inception from incurring formation and operating costs and have had no operations other than identifying
and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. We have relied upon the sale of our securities and loans from the Sponsor
to fund our operations. 

On June 21, 2022, we
consummated our initial public offering (the IPO of 9,775,000 units (the Units ), which included 1,225,000
units issued upon the partial exercise of the over-allotment option of the underwriters of the IPO. Each Unit consists of one share of
our Class A common stock (the Class A Common Stock ), 0.0001 par value per share (the Public Shares ), one
redeemable warrant (the Warrants ), each Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock
at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, and one right (the Rights ), each one Right entitling the holder thereof to exchange
for one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A Common Stock upon the completion of the Company s initial business combination, generating gross
proceeds of 97,750,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we completed the private sale (the Private Placement of 498,875 units (the Private Units , consisting of one Class A Common Stock, or the Private Share , one warrant,
or the Private Warrant , and one right, or the Private Right , including 478,875 units to the Company s
sponsor, Feutune Light Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), and 20,000 units to US Tiger Securities, Inc. US Tiger ,
together with our Sponsor, directors and officers, the founders ), the representative of the underwriters of the IPO, at
a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds of 4,988,750 (including 4,788,750 from Sponsor and 200,000 from
US Tiger) (the Private Placement Proceeds ). The Private Units are identical to the units as part of the Units in the IPO,
except that the Private Units are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities
affiliated with or related to our founders, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination. The proceeds of 99,216,250 10.15 per Unit) in the aggregate from the IPO and a portion from the
Private Placement (the Trust Funds ), were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account established for the
benefit of the Company s public stockholders and the underwriters of the IPO with Wilmington Trust, National Association acting
as trustee. 

The Trust Funds include
 3,421,250 payable to the underwriters (the deferred underwriting compensation pursuant to the underwriting agreement dated
June 15, 2022, entered among us, US Tiger and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, the representatives (the Representatives of the underwriters of the IPO. 

Our management has
broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the proceeds of the Private Placement that are held out of the Trust Account,
although substantially all the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating an initial business combination
and working capital. 

Extension of the Period of Time to Consummate
Initial Business Combination 

On March 21, 2023, an aggregate
of 977,500 (the Extension Payment was deposited by the Sponsor into the Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing
 0.10 per public share, which enables the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by
three months from March 21, 2023 to June 21, 2023 (the Extension ). 

In connection with the Extension Payment, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note (the Note to the Sponsor. 

The
Note is non-interest bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) upon the date on which the Company consummates
its initial business combination. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company. The holder of the
Note has the right, but not the obligation, to convert the Note, in whole or in part, into Private Units of the Company, as described
in the Prospectus of the Company, by providing the Company with written notice of its intention to convert the Note at least two business
days prior to the closing of the Company s initial business combination. The number of Private Units to be received by the holder
in connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to
the holder, by (y) 10.00. 

Among 977,500 Extension Payment, (i) 600,000 were deposited by the
Company s sponsor, Feutune Light Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), and (ii) 377,500 by the Company from the working capital
account of the Company in lieu of the Sponsor, pursuant to a non-interest, short-term loan provided by the Company to the Sponsor (the
 Short-Term Loan Note to the Company, which provides for repayment of the Short-Term Loan on or before March 31, 2023. 

16 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity from
inception up to date was related to the Company s formation, the IPO and general and administrative activities. Since the IPO,
our activity has been limited to the evaluation of initial business combination candidates, and we will not be generating any
operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in
the form of interest income earned on investment held in the Trust Account. We are incurring expenses as a result of being a public
company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the period from January 19, 2022
(inception) through December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 537,881 from interest income less formation and operating costs and tax
expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources and Going
Concern 

The Company s liquidity needs
up to December 31, 2022 had been satisfied through initial payment from the Sponsor of 25,000 for the insider shares and proceeds from
the Private Placement. 

On June 21, 2022, we consummated the
IPO of 9,775,000 Public Units at a price of 10.00 per unit (including 1,275,000 units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment
option), generating gross proceeds of 97,750,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO and full exercise of the over-allotment
option by the underwriters, we consummated the sale of 498,875 units as Private Placement Units to the Sponsor (for 478,875 units) and
US Tiger (for 20,000 units), one of the representative of the underwriters, with each unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock,
one warrant and one right, at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 4,988,750. Following the closings of the IPO and
the sales of the Private Placement Units on June 21, 2022, a total of 99,216,250 (or 10.15 per share) was placed in the Trust Account. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had cash of 546,632 and a working capital of 623,347, excluding taxes payable which will be paid out from the Trust Account. 

We intend to use substantially all
of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account, excluding deferred underwriting
commissions, to complete our Business Combination. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. To the extent
that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a Business Combination, the remaining proceeds
held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue our growth strategies. 

We intend to use the funds held outside
the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review
corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If the Company completes the initial Business Combination,
it will repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. 

If our estimate of the costs
of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination is less than the
actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination.
Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem
a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities
or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination, all of which raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

In addition, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we will have only nine months from the closing of the IPO to complete the initial Business Combination, which may be
extended up to three times by an additional three-month each time to a total of 18 months from the closing of IPO. If we are
unable to complete a Business Combination by March 20, 2023, (December 20, 2023 upon maximum extension), we may seek approval from our
stockholders holding no less than 65 or more of the votes to approve to extend the completion period if we fail to obtain approval from
our stockholders for such extension or we do not seek such extension, the Company will cease all operations. On March 17, 2023, an aggregate
of 977,500 was deposited by the Sponsor into the Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, which
enables the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by three months from March 21,
2023 to June 21, 2023. 

As a result, management has determined that the liquidity concern and
mandatory liquidation both raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statement
does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

17 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arraignments 

We have no obligations,
assets or liabilities that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any
non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

As of December 31,
2022, we do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

We are obligated to pay
the Representatives the deferred underwriting compensation equal to 3.5 of the IPO Proceeds which amounted to 3,421,250. The
deferred underwriting compensation will become payable to the Representatives from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in
the event that we complete the Business Combination. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Investments held in Trust Account 

At December 31, 2022, the assets held in the Trust Account were held
in money market funds, which are invested in U.S. Treasury securities carried at fair value. Interest income amounted to 1,309,248 for
the period from inception to December 31, 2022. 

We classify its U.S.
Treasury and equivalent securities as held-to-maturity in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 320 Investments Debt and Equity Securities. Held-to-maturity securities
are those securities which we have the ability and intent to hold until maturity. Held-to-maturity treasury securities are recorded at
amortized cost on the accompanying balance sheet and adjusted for the amortization or accretion of premiums or discounts. 

Warrants 

We account for warrants as
either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable
authoritative guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives
and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to
ASC 480, whether they meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for
equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our own Class A Common Stock and whether the warrant
holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of our control, among other conditions for
equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance
and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

For issued or modified
warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of equity at
the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required
to be recorded as liabilities at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in
the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. 

We accounted for the 9,775,000 Warrants issued
with the IPO and 498,875 warrants issued with the Private Placement as equity instruments We accounted for the Warrants as an expense
of the IPO and Private Placement resulting in a charge directly to stockholders equity. We estimated that the fair value of the
Warrants issued with the IPO was approximately 2.7 million, or 0.271 per Unit, using the Monte Carlo Model. We estimated
that the fair value of the Warrants from the sale of the Private Placement Units was approximately 0.1 million, or 0.271 per
Unit, using the Monte Carlo Model 

The fair value of the Warrants
was estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 0.1 , (2) risk-free interest rate
of 3.39 , (3) expected life of 6.09 years, (4) exercise price of 11.50 and (5) stock price of 9.60. 

18 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Class A Common Stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument
and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A Common Stock (including Class A Common Stock that feature redemption
rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within
our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A Common Stock are classified as stockholders equity.
Our Public Shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain
future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, shares of Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption
value of 10.25 per share as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders 
equity section of our balance sheet. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value
of redeemable Class A Common Stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying
amount of shares of redeemable Class A Common Stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or accumulated deficit
if additional paid in capital equals to zero. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The fair value of our
assets and liabilities approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term
nature. 

The fair value of our
financial assets and liabilities reflects management s estimate of amounts that we would have received in connection with the sale
of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, we seek to maximize the use of observable
inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how
market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities
based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: 

Level 1 - inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active market. 

Level 2 - inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments. 

Level 3 - inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value. 

Income Taxes 

We account for income taxes
under ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both
the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future
tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established
when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

ASC 740 also clarifies
the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold
and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities.
ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and
transition. 

We recognize accrued
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts
accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022. We are currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in
significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

We have identified
the United States as its only major tax jurisdiction. 

We may be subject to
potential examination by federal and state taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include
questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and
state tax laws. Our management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the
next twelve months. 

We are incorporated
in the State of Delaware and is required to pay franchise taxes to the State of Delaware on an annual basis. 

19 

Net Income (Loss) per Share 

We comply with accounting
and disclosure requirements of ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the redeemable
shares and non-redeemable shares, we first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable Class A Common
Stock and non-redeemable Class A Common Sock and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net loss less any dividends
paid. We then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the
redeemable and non-redeemable Class A Common Stock. Any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the Class A Common Stock
subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public stockholders. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued a new standard (ASU 2020-06) to reduce the complexity of accounting for convertible debt and other
equity-linked instruments. For certain convertible debt instruments with a cash conversion feature, the changes are a trade-off between
simplifications in the accounting model (no separation of an equity component to impute a market interest rate, and simpler
analysis of embedded equity features) and a potentially adverse impact to diluted earnings per share by requiring the use of the if-converted
method. The new standard will also impact other financial instruments commonly issued by both public and private companies. For example,
the separation model for beneficial conversion features is eliminated simplifying the analysis for issuers of convertible debt and convertible
preferred stock. Also, certain specific requirements to achieve equity classification and/or qualify for the derivative scope exception
for contracts indexed to an entity s own equity are removed, enabling more freestanding instruments and embedded features to avoid
mark-to-market accounting. The new standard is effective for companies that are SEC filers (except for smaller reporting companies) for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 and interim periods within that year, and two years later for other companies.
Companies can early adopt the standard at the start of a fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2020. The standard can either be
adopted on a modified retrospective or a full retrospective basis. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2023 did not have a material
effect on the Company s financial statements. 

Management does not
believe that any other recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on our financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

As a smaller reporting
company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our financial statements
and the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

In October 2022, we were informed
by Friedman, the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company, effective September 1, 2022, Friedman combined with Marcum
and continued to operate as an independent registered public accounting firm. Friedman continued to serve as the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm through October 7, 2022. On October 7, 2022, our Board of Directors and Audit Committee authorized the
replacement of Friedman with Marcum to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for the year ended December
31, 2022, pending the execution of a formal engagement letter with Marcum. The services previously provided by Friedman will now be provided
by Marcum once Marcum is engaged. On October 11, 2022, an engagement letter was executed by Marcum and the Company, effectively immediately. 

The Company was incorporated
on January 19, 2022 (the inception ). Therefore, since its inception, the Company has not filed any annual reports on Form
10-K and Friedman has not conducted any audit on the Company s financial statements for any fiscal year, except that: (i) it has
issued a report (the IPO Offering Report for the audited financial statements for the period from inception through February
2, 2022 in connection with the initial public offering of the Company (collectively, the Interim Financial Statements 
(ii) it has issued a report (the IPO Closing Report on the Company s balance sheet as of June 21, 2022 and the related
notes (collectively, the IPO Closing Financial Statements in connection with the closing of the initial public offering
of the Company. Other than the foregoing, Friedman has not issued any audit report since incorporation, nor has it provided any adverse
opinion, disclaimer of opinion, or report qualified or modified with uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principle, except that it
has expressed uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern in its IPO Report. 

Additionally, Friedman s
IPO Offering Report and IPO Closing Report did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified
as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except that the audit report on the Interim Financial Statements of the Company
contained an uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Since the Company s
inception and during such interim period through October 7, 2022, there were no disagreements with Friedman on any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction
of Friedman, would have caused Friedman to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in connection with its reports on
the Company s consolidated financial statements for such periods. Also, during this time, there were no reportable events, 
as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

20 

During the period from January 19, 2022 (inception) through October 11, 2022, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted with Marcum regarding (i)
the application of accounting principles to any specified transaction, either completed or proposed or the type of audit opinion that
might be rendered on the Company s financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company
that Marcum concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing, or financial
reporting issue, or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation
S-K, or a reportable event, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

The Company provided
Friedman with a copy of the above disclosures it is making in response to Item 304(a). We have requested and received from Friedman a
letter, dated October 14, 2022, addressed to the SEC stating whether Friedman agrees with the above statements. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls
are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the
Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer
(our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that, have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are
met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and
regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

21 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022, due solely to the material weakness in internal controls related to the accounting for complex equity
instruments in connection with our initial public offering. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analyses
as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Report present fairly in all material respects our financial
position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

This Annual Report
on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to
our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

22 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth information about
our directors and executive officers as of the date of this annual report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Xuedong (Tony) Tian 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Lei Xu 
 
 46 
 
 Chairwoman and President 
 
 Yuanmei Ma 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Kevin Vassily 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 David Ping Li 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael Davidov 
 
 48 
 
 Director 

Mr. Xuedong (Tony) Tian , Chief
Executive Officer, Mr. Tian has been our Chief Executive Officer since March 2022 and has been our director since June 2022. Furthermore,
Mr. Tian has served as Managing Director and Head of Capital Markets at US Tiger Securities, Inc. since October 2020. From May 2012 to
October 2020, Mr. Tian was the Founder and President of Weitian Group LLC, a corporate advisory and investor relations consultancy. Prior
to that, Mr. Tian was a sell-side equity analyst at various investment banks, including as Managing Director covering China at Merriman
Capital, Inc. from June 2013 to January 2016; Executive Director and Lead Analyst covering China Industrials and IT Outsourcing at Oppenheimer
 Co. Inc. from May 2011 to May 2012; Vice President and Lead China Analyst at Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. from May 2010 to
April 2011; Senior Associate covering Networking, Hardware IT Supply Chain at Ticonderoga Securities LLC from October 2009 to May
2010; and Associate covering Semiconductor Semiconductor Capital Equipment at Pacific Crest Securities LLC (now part of KeyBanc)
from April 2008 to September 2009. Prior to his Wall Street career, Mr. Tian also worked for Virgin Mobile USA as a Finance Manager 
Customer Analytics from June 2006 to March 2008 and for AT T as a Finance Manager from January 2001 to March 2006. Mr. Tian holds
an MBA degree from New York University, a M.A. degree in Economics from the University of Connecticut and a M.S. and B.S. degrees in Land
Resources and Management from China Agricultural University. Mr. Tian is a CFA charter holder and currently holds Series 7, 24, 63, and
79 licenses. Mr. Tian has also been the Chief Financial Officer and Director of Inkstone Feibo Acquisition Corporation, a special purpose
acquisition company to be listed on Nasdaq, since April 2022, and the Chief Financial Officer and Director of Aimfinity Investment Corp.
I, a special purpose acquisition company listed on Nasdaq, since March 2023. 

Dr. Lei Xu ,
Chairwoman and President. Dr. Xu has been our Director and President
shortly since our inception and has been our Chairwoman since June 2022. Between February 2021 and December 2022, Dr. Xu served as the
President and Chairwoman of Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation, a Nasdaq listed special purpose acquisition company. Dr. Xu has
served as the Executive President of Boya Foundation, a non-profit educational charity organization since July 2019. She has served
as the Chairwoman of Peking University Alumni Association of Southern California (PUAASC) since January 2020. From January 2016
to December 2019, she served as the President and Director of PUAASC. Since December 2018, Dr. Xu has served as a limited
partner at Seraph Group, an established global investment firm investing in early-stage companies in strategic high-growth sectors such
as transportation, aerospace, digital media, sensors, social connectivity, advanced medical devices, health science, data analytics, smart
mobility, and ecommerce efficiency. Dr. Xu has been a professor in the Department of Geography the Environment at California
State University Fullerton since August 2006. She received her Ph.D. and M.A. degrees in Geography from McMaster University,
and Bachelor s degree from Peking University with a major in Urban and Environmental Sciences and a minor in Economics. 

Ms. Yuanmei Ma ,
Chief Financial Officer. Yuanmei Ma has been our Chief Financial Officer
shortly since our inception. Ms. Ma has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Mayrock Automotive Inc., a zero-emission commercial
mobility company in California since September 2020. Between February 2021 and December 2022, Ms. Ma served as the Chief Financial
Officer of Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation, a Nasdaq listed special purpose acquisition company. Ms. Ma was the director of
investor relation at Highpower International Inc., from August 2016 to November 2019; when it was listed on Nasdaq (Formerly
Nasdaq: HPJ). From July 2010 to June 2013, Ms. Ma was the Chief Financial Officer for Baosheng Steel Inc. She was Chief
Financial Officer of Yihe Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. between August 2009 to June 2010; and Chief Financial Officer of Zhongpin
Inc., (Formerly Nasdaq: HOGS), from September 2005 to October 2008. Ms. Ma holds an Executive MBA degree from both INSEAD
Business School and Tsinghua University and a Bachelor s degree in Accounting from Arkansas State University. 

23 

Mr. Kevin Vassily, Independent
Director. Mr. Vassily has extensive working experience as a senior management team member serving private and public companies. Mr. Vassily
is a director nominee of Fortune Joy International Acquisition Corporation and of Inkstone Feibo Acquisition Corporation, two special
purpose acquisition companies SPAC seeking Nasdaq listing, and a member of the board of directors of Denali Capital Acquisition
Corp. since April 2022, and a member of the board of directors of Aimfinity Investment Corp. I since March 2023, two SPACs listed on Nasdaq.
In January 2021, he was appointed Chief Financial Officer, and in March 2021, became a member of the board of directors of iPower Inc.
(Nasdaq: IPW), an online hydroponic equipment retailer and supplier. Prior to joining iPower, from 2019 to January 2021, Mr. Vassily served
as Vice President of Market Development for Facteus, Inc., a financial analytics company focused on the Asset Management industry. From
March 2019 through Janurary 2020, he served as an advisor at Woodseer Global, a financial technology firm providing global dividend forecasts.
From October 2018 through its acquisition in March 2020, Mr. Vassily served as an advisor at Go Capture (which was acquired by Deloitte
China in 2020), where he was responsible for providing strategic, business development, and product development advisory services for
the company s emerging Data as a Service platform. Since February 2020, Mr. Vassily has served as a director of Zhongchao
Inc. (Nasdaq: ZCMD), a provider of healthcare information, education and training services to healthcare professionals and the public
in China. Since July 2018, Mr. Vassily has also served as an advisor at Prometheus Fund, a Shanghai-based merchant bank/private equity
firm focused on the green economy. From April 2015 through May 2018, Mr. Vassily served as an associate director of research
at Keybanc Capital Markets Inc. From June 2010 to April 2015, he served as the director of research at Pacific Epoch, LLC (a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Pacific Crest Securities LLC). From May 2007 to May 2010, he served as the Asia Technology business development representative
and as a senior analyst at Pacific Crest Securities. From July 2003 to September 2006, he served as senior research analyst in the semiconductor
technology group at Susquehanna International Group, LLP. From September 2001 to June 2003, Mr. Vassily served as the vice president and
senior research analyst for semiconductor capital equipment at Thomas Weisel Partners Group, Inc. Mr. Vassily began his career on Wall
Street in August 1998, as a research associate covering the semiconductor industry at Lehman Brothers. He holds a B.A. in liberal arts
from Denison University and an M.B.A. from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College. 

Mr. David Ping
Li , Independent Director. Mr. Li has more than 25 years of experience in the finance and investment industries. Mr.
Li is vice president of Finance at Anthem Song Pictures since February 2015 and vice president of International Finance at AGBO
Films LLC (part-time from June 2020 to July 2022), both co-founded by the Russo brothers, who directed Avengers: Infinity War ,
 Avengers: End Game , Captain America: The Winter Soldier and Captain America: Civil War . From January 2012 to December 2014,
Mr. Li was managing director of Strategic Investment, Open Innovation at Koninklijke Phillips N.V. (NYSE: PHG), a global electronics company.
From November 2008 to December 2011, Mr. Li was investment director at Intel Capital, the investment division of Intel Corporation with
focus on investments in the technology, media, and telecom sector. From January 2004 to October 2008, Mr. Li served as managing director
at ChinaVest Inc., a venture capital firm responsible for identifying, evaluating and executing investments to achieve financial returns.
From February 2002 to July 2003, Mr. Li served as Chief Financial Officer of Great Wall Technology Co. Ltd., a publicly traded diversified
technology company. Mr. Li was senior associate in the Investment Banking Division of Donaldson, Lufkin Jenrette (acquired by Credit
Suisse First Boston) from September 1998 to December 2001. From November 2008 to October 2019, Mr. Li served as independent director and
chairman of the audit committee of Highpower International, Inc., a lithium battery company listed on NASDAQ (stock ticker: HPJ). Mr.
Li graduated from Peking University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Biochemistry. He received a master s degree in Molecular Biology
from Columbia University and an MBA in finance from the Wharton School of University of Pennsylvania. 

Mr. Michael Davidov ,
Independent Director. Mr. Davidov has more than 20 years of experience in the fields of investments and corporate finance. Since 2020,
Mr. Davidov served as an independent consultant. In 2012, he co-founded and served as the chief investment officer at Middle Kingdom Value
Fund and Global Value Partners, special situations fund on China related and global value investments. From November 2021 to December
2022, Mr. Davidov served as a director of Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation, a SPAC listed on Nasdaq. From March 2021 to April 2022,
he also served as a director of TradeUP Global Corporation, a SPAC listed on Nasdaq that closed its initial business combination in April
2022. From 2018 to 2019, Mr. Davidov served as the audit committee chairman for Nutriband (Nasdaq: NTRB). From April 2006 to July 2009,
Mr. Davidov was part of the management team of Middle Kingdom Alliance Corp., a U.S. listed special purpose acquisition company that completed
its merger with Pypo China Holdings (a Beijing-based cell phone distribution company) and later changed its name to Funtalk China Holdings
Limited (Formerly Nasdaq: FTLK). From January 1999 to December 2009, Mr. Davidov was the director of corporate finance and portfolio manager
at High Capital Funding, LLC/Generation Capital, a private equity/special situations fund, where he structured and made private investment
in public entity (PIPE) investments as a principal. Mr. Davidov received his Bachelor s degree in Mathematics from Southern Illinois
University and an MBA degree in finance from J. Mack Robinson School of Business at Georgia State University. Mr. Davidov is also a director
nominee of Fortune Joy International Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company to be listed on Nasdaq. 

Our directors and officers
will play a key role in identifying, evaluating, and selecting target businesses, and structuring, negotiating and consummating our initial
acquisition transaction. Except as described below and under Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Conflicts of Interest , none of these individuals is currently a principal of or affiliated with a public company or blank
check company that executed a business plan similar to our business plan. We believe that the skills and experience of these individuals,
their collective access to acquisition opportunities and ideas, their contacts, and their transaction expertise should enable them to
identify successfully and effect an acquisition transaction, although we cannot assure you that they will, in fact, be able to do so. 

24 

Director Independence 

NASDAQ listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent as long as we are not a controlled company. An independent director 
is defined under the Nasdaq rules generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other
individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s
exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of
Mr. Vassily, Mr. Li and Mr. Davidov is an independent director as defined in the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable
SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Audit Committee 

Since our IPO, we have
an audit committee of the board of directors. Mr. Vassily, Mr. Li and Mr. Davidov serve as members of our audit committee. Mr. Li serves
as chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members
of the audit committee all of whom must be independent. Mr. Vassily, Mr. Li and Mr. Davidov are independent. 

Each member of the
audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Li qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an
audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory, or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

Since our IPO, we have
a compensation committee of the board of directors. The members of our Compensation Committee are Mr. Vassily, Mr. Li and Mr. Davidov.
Mr. Vassily serves as chairwoman of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal
functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives, and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation in executive session at which the Chief Executive Officer is not present; 

25 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments, and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating, and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, as indicated above, other than reimbursement of expenses and the business combination fee that we have agreed to pay to
the Representatives, in connection with our Business Combination, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or
other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates,
prior to, or for any services they render in order to complete the consummation of the Business Combination although we may consider
cash or other compensation to officers or advisors we may hire subsequent to the IPO to be paid either prior to or in connection
with our Business Combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, the
compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered
into in connection with such Business Combination. 

The current charter
of the Compensation Committee also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain, or obtain the advice
of a compensation consultant, legal counsel, or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, and
oversight of the work of any such adviser. Before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel,
or any other adviser, however, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required
by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing
nominating committee. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq Rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a
director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily
carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors
will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees
to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders
that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We have not formally
established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in
identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience,
knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of
our stockholders. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code
of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical
principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Although we do not
believe any conflict currently exists between us and the founders, affiliates of our founders may compete with us for acquisition opportunities.
If such entities decide to pursue an opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunity. In addition, investment ideas generated
within our founders may be suitable for both of us and for an affiliate of founders and may be directed to such entity rather than to
us. Neither our founders nor members of our management team who are also employed by or affiliated with our founders will have any obligation
to present us with any opportunity for a potential initial business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member
specifically in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the company. Our founders and/or our management team, in their capacities
as employees or affiliates of our founders or in their other endeavors, may be required to present potential Business Combinations to
future founders affiliates or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. 

26 

Each of our officers
and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities
pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present initial business combination opportunities to such entity.
Accordingly, in the future, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity which is
suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations of our officers arising in the future would materially undermine our ability to complete our Business Combination. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director
or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company
and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

Table of Contents 

Our officers or directors
may become an officer or director of any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, even before we enter into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business
combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination by March 21, 2023 (or up to November 21, 2023 if we extend
the period of time to consummate an initial business combination). 

In the event that we
submit our Business Combination to our stockholders for a vote, our founders have agreed to vote any Founder Shares and Private Shares
held by them and any Public Shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our Business Combination and our officers and directors
have also agreed to vote any Public Shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our Business Combination. 

Additionally, as a
general matter, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business
opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly, as a result
of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities
meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer
that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

27 

Below is a table summarizing
the entities to which our executive officers, and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Xuedong (Tony) Tian 
 
 US Tiger Securities, Inc. 
 
 Broker/Dealer 
 
 Managing Director, Head of Capital Markets 

Inkstone Feibo Acquisition Corporation 
 
 SPAC 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Aimfinity Investment Corp. I 
 
 SPAC 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Lei Xu 
 
 Boya Foundation 
Peking University Alumni Association of Southern California 
Seraph Group 
California State University, Fullerton 
 
 Non-profit 
Non-profit 
 
Investment Firm 
Education 
 
 Executive President 
Chairwoman 
Limited Partner 
Professor 

Yuanmei Ma 
 
 Mayrock Automotive Inc. 
 
 Commercial mobility 
company 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Kevin Vassily 
 
 iPower Inc. 
Zhongchao Inc. 
Prometheus Fund 
Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Manufacturing 
Healthcare 
Investment Fund 
SPAC 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
Director 
Advisor 
Director 

Inkstone Feibo Acquisition Corporation 
 
 SPAC 
 
 Director Nominee 

Aimfinity Investment Corp. I 
 
 SPAC 
 
 Director 

David Ping Li 
 
 AGBO Films LLC 
Anthem Song LLC 
 
 Entertainment 
Entertainment 
 
 Vice President, International Finance 
Vice President, International Finance 

Michael Davidov 
 
 Middle Kingdom Value Fund 
Global Value Partners 
Fortune Joy International Acquisition Corp 
 
 Investment Fund 
Investment Fund 
SPAC 
 
 Founding Partner 
Founding Partner 
Director Nominee 

Our stockholders shall be
aware that Mr. Xuedong (Tony) Tian, one of our founders and Chief Executive Officer and Director, is also the Managing Director and Head
of Capital Markets of US Tiger Securities, Inc., a representative of the underwriters in the IPO. In connection with such engagement,
we would pay fees in an amount that constitutes a market rate for comparable transactions. The payment of such fee would likely be conditioned
upon the completion of the initial business combination. US Tiger is an investment banking and advisory firm which provides advice on
mergers and acquisitions, financial restructurings, valuation and capital structure to companies, institutions and governments. US Tiger
is continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for an initial business combination.
While US Tiger may become aware of a potential transaction that is an attractive opportunity for us, US Tiger will not have any duty or
other obligation to offer acquisition opportunities to us. In addition, our officers and directors may have a duty to offer acquisition
opportunities to clients of US Tiger or our other affiliates or other entities to which they owe duties. As a result, our affiliates and
their respective clients may compete with us for initial business combination opportunities in the same industries and sectors as we may
target for our initial business combination. If any of them decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring
such opportunities. 

Conflicts may arise
from US Tiger s affiliation with us, its provision of services both to us and to third-party clients, as well as from actions undertaken
by US Tiger for its own account. US Tiger is often engaged as a financial advisor, or placement agent, to corporations and other entities
and their directors and managers in connection with the sale of those entities, their assets or their subsidiaries. Clients generally
require US Tiger to act exclusively on their behalf and as a result and/or for other reasons, we may be precluded from attempting to acquire
securities of the business being sold or otherwise participating as a buyer in the transaction. Alternatively, US Tiger may be a financial
advisor to a target business that we pursue an initial business combination with and US Tiger may receive fees from the target business
in connection with an initial business combination. US Tiger also represents potential buyer s businesses and may be incentivized
or obligated to direct an opportunity to one of these buyers in lieu of us, thereby eliminating or reducing the investment opportunity
available to us. 

28 

In the event that we
submit our initial business combination to our stockholders for a vote, our founders, officers and directors have agreed to vote any Founder
Shares and Private Shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering (excluding public shares purchased
by the anchor investors in the offering, if any) in favor of our initial business combination and our officers and directors have also
agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially
own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of
ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of Common Stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors,
and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such
reporting persons. 

Based solely upon a
review of such forms furnished to us during the most recent fiscal year, or written representations that no Forms 5 were required, we
believe that that all such forms required to be filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act were timely filed by the officers,
directors, and security holders required to file the same during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered
into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. 

Executive Officers and Director Compensation 

None of our officers or directors
has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us, except that our Sponsor agreed to transfer an aggregated amount of 505,000
Founder Shares to our officers, directors, secretary and their designees prior to the closing of the IPO, among which, (i) 141,000
Founder Shares were transferred to Mr. Xuedong (Tony) Tian, our Chief Executive Officer and Director, (ii) 153,000 Founder Shares
were transferred to Dr. Lei Xu, our Chairwoman and President, (iii) 141,000 Founder Shares were transferred to Ms. Yuanmei
Ma, our Chief Financial Officer, (iv) 10,000 Founder Shares were transferred to Ms. De Mi, our secretary, and (v) each
20,000 Founder Shares were transferred to each of Messrs. Kevin Vassily, David Ping Li, Michael Davidov, our independent directors.
Other than as set forth elsewhere in the Prospectus, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be
paid to our founders or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our
initial business combination although we may consider cash or other compensation to officers or advisors we may hire subsequent to the
IPO to be paid either prior to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, our officers, directors or any of
their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such
as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable initial business combinations. Our audit committee
will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our founders or their affiliates. 

After the completion
of our Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees
from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed Business Combination. We have not established
any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely
the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed Business Combination, because the directors of the post-combination
business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined,
or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors
or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

Following the Business
Combination, to the extent we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management team
of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers
will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

29 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table
sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of the date of this annual report, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the shares of our outstanding Common Stock; 

each of our officers and directors; and 

all of our officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of the Warrants or Rights included in the Units sold
in the IPO as Warrants are not exercisable until the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, or 12
months from the closing of the IPO. As of the date hereof, there are 10,333,875 shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding
and 2,443,750 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership of Class A Common Stock 
 Approximate Percentage of outstanding Class A Common Stock 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership of Class B Common Stock 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Class B Common Stock 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding All Common Stock (as converted) 
 
 Feutune Light Sponsor LLC (2)(3) 
 478,875 
 4.63 
 1,938,750 
 79.34 
 18.76 
 
 Sau Fong Yeung (2) 
 478,875 
 4.63 
 1,938,750 
 79.34 
 18.76 
 
 Sam Yu (3) 
 198,155 
 1.92 
 802,241 
 32.83 
 7.76 
 
 Verakin JX (U.S.) Inc.(4) 
 82,565 
 - 
 334,267 
 13.68 
 3.23 
 
 Xuedong (Tony) Tian 
 - 
 - 
 117,030 
 4.79 
 1.10 
 
 Lei Xu 
 - 
 - 
 126,990 
 5.20 
 1.20 
 
 Yuanmei Ma 
 - 
 - 
 117,030 
 4.79 
 1.10 
 
 Kevin Vassily 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

David Ping Li 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

Michael Davidov 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

De Mi 
 - 
 - 
 8,300 

All executive officers, directors, and secretary as a group (7 individuals) 
 - 
 - 
 429,350 
 17,57 
 3.36 

less than 1 . 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the
following entities or individuals is c/o Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation, 48 Bridge Street Building A, Metuchen, New Jersey 08840. 

(2) Our Sponsor is the record holder of Founder Shares reported
herein. Ms. Sau Fong Yeung, a U.S. permanent resident, is the sole manager of our Sponsor with 50 of ownership interests in the Sponsor,
and as such may be deemed to have sole voting and investment discretion with respect to the Founder Shares and Private Shares held by
our Sponsor. 

(3) 
 Our Sponsor is the record holder of Founder Shares reported herein. Mr. Sam Yu is a member of our Sponsor with 40 of ownership interests, and as such may be deemed to hold 40 of the beneficial ownership of the Founder Shares and Private Shares held by the Sponsor. Mr. Sam Yu is a U.S. citizen. 

(4) 
 Our Sponsor is the record holder of Founder Shares reported herein. Verakin JX (U.S.) Inc., a Delaware corporation, is a member of our Sponsor with 10 of ownership interests, and as such may be deemed to hold 10 of the beneficial ownership of the Founder Shares and Private Shares held by the Sponsor. 

30 

The Founder Shares
and Private Shares are subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in a letter agreement with us entered into by our
founders. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable (i) in the case of the Founder Shares,
50 of Founder Shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until the earlier to occur of: (a) six months after the date of the consummation
of our initial business combination, or (b) the date on which the closing price of our Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share
(as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing after our initial business combination and the remaining 50 of the Founder Shares may not be transferred, assigned
or sold until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent
to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which
results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) in the case
of the Private Shares, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except in each case (a) to our founders,
any affiliates or family members of any of our founders, direct and indirect equity holders, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift
to a member of the individual s immediate family, to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate
family or an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent
and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e)
by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at
which the securities were originally purchased; (f) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial business combination;
or (g) by virtue of the laws of Delaware or our founders limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of our founders,
provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e), or (g) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement
agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions. 

In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our founders or an affiliate of our founders
may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned
amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no Trust Funds would be used for such repayment. Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be
convertible into Private Shares at 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors,
if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties
other than our founders or an affiliate of our founders as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide
a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Trust Account. 

31 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Founder Shares and Private Units 

On February 2, 2022,
the Sponsor acquired 2,443,750 Founder Shares of for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.01 per share. 

Our Sponsor also agreed to
transfer an aggregated amount of 505,000 Founder Shares to our officers, directors, secretary and their designees prior to the
closing of the IPO, among which, (i) 141,000 Founder Shares were transferred to Mr. Xuedong (Tony) Tian, our Chief
Executive Officer and Director, (ii) 153,000 Founder Shares were transferred to Dr. Lei Xu, our Chairwoman and President,
(iii) 141,000 Founder Shares were transferred to Ms. Yuanmei Ma, our Chief Financial Officer, (iv) 10,000 Founder
Shares were transferred to Ms. De Mi, our secretary, and (v) each 20,000 Founder Shares were transferred to each of
Messrs. Kevin Vassily, David Ping Li, Michael Davidov, our independent directors. The transfer agreements were executed immediately prior to the closing of the IPO on June 21, 2022. 

The sale of the Founders Shares
to the Company s management and directors is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC
718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant
date. The fair value of the 505,000 shares granted to the Company s management and directors less estimated forfeitures of 75,650
shares was 776,235 for a total of 429,350 shares or 1.81 per share. The Founders Shares were granted subject to a performance condition
(i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the Business
Combination is consummated under ASC 718. As such no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would
be recognized at the date a Business Combination is consummated in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares with estimated forfeiture
times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders
Shares . 

Simultaneously with
the closing of the IPO, we completed the Private Placement of 498,875 Private Units, including 478,875 Private Units to the Company s
Sponsor, and 20,000 units to US Tiger, the representative of the underwriters of the IPO, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Unit,
generating gross proceeds of 4,988,750 (including 4,788,750 from Sponsor and 200,000 from US Tiger). The Private Units are identical
to the units as part of the Units in the IPO, except that the Private Units are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our
officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to our founders, each of whom will be subject to the same
transfer restrictions) until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

The founders have agreed
not to transfer, assign or sell 50 of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the date of the consummation
of the Company s initial business combination, or (B) the date on which the closing price of the Company s Common Stock equals
or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the Company s initial business combination and the remaining 50 of the Founder
Shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until six months after the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business
combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to the Company s initial business combination, the Company consummates a
subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s stockholders having
the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property. 

As more fully discussed
in the section of this report entitled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, 
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business
of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, including our founders, he or she will honor his
or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain
relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations to other entities that may take priority over their duties to us. Other than as set
forth elsewhere in this report, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our founders,
or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination
although we may consider cash or other compensation to officers or advisors we may hire subsequent to the IPO to be paid either prior
to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
initial business combination. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our founders, advisors
or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling
on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

32 

Promissory Note 

On February 2, 2022,
the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to 500,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. This loan is non-interest bearing,
unsecured and is due at the earlier of (1) January 31, 2023 or (2) the date on which the Company consummates an initial public offering
of its securities. Prior to the IPO, the Company had 280,000 outstanding loan balance. The loan was repaid on June 21, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there was no outstanding balance. 

Working Capital Loans 

In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our founders or an affiliate of our founders
may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned
amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no Trust Funds would be used for such repayment. Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be
convertible into Private Shares at 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors,
if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties
other than our founders or an affiliate of our founders as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide
a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. 

As of December 31,
2022, the Company had no borrowings under the working capital loans. 

Others 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into
a registration rights agreement with respect to the Private Shares sold in the Private Placement, the Private Shares issuable upon conversion
of working capital loans (if any), and the Founder Shares. 

RELATED PARTY POLICY 

We have not yet adopted
a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above
were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

We have adopted a code
of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our
board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics,
conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee
of indebtedness) involving the company. We have adopted code of ethics. 

In addition, our audit
committee is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An
affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required
in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without
a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction.
We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits
information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are
intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest
on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize
conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of
our founders unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. Furthermore, other than as set forth elsewhere in this report and the S-1, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash
payments will be made to our founders, existing advisors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination although we may consider cash or other compensation to officers or advisors we
may hire subsequent to the IPO to be paid either prior to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, the following
payments will be made to our founders or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the Trust Funds prior to the completion of
our initial business combination: 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

33 

Repayment of loans which may be made by our founders or an affiliate of our founders to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into working capital shares, at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. 

Our audit committee
will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our founders or their affiliates. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Public Accounting Fees 

The following chart sets forth public accounting
fees in connection with services rendered by Friedman and Marcum for the period from January 19, 2022 (inception) through December 31,
2022. 

2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 54,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Marcum LLP 

2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 12,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Audit fees were for
professional services rendered by Friedman or Marcum for the audit of our annual financial statements, and services that are
normally provided by Friedman or Marcum in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for that fiscal year,
including professional services in connection with our IPO. Audit-related fees are fees for assurance and related
services by our principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under audit fees. 

Pre-Approval of Services 

Because our audit committee was not formed
until June 16, 2022, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the
formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. All services subsequent to the formation of the audit committee
have been approved by the audit committee. 

34 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Financial Statements: 

(1) 
 The financial statements required to be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included in Item 8 therein. 

(2) 
 All supplemental schedules have been omitted since the information is either included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or they are not required or are not applicable. 

(3) 
 See attached Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated June 15, 2022, among the Registrant, US Tiger and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated June 14, 2022 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 14, 2022) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 14, 2022) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 14, 2022) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 14, 2022) 

4.4 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 14, 2022) 

4.5 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated June 15, 2022, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022) 

4.6 
 
 Right Agreement, dated June 15, 2022, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as right agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022) 

4.7 
 
 Description of Securities of the Registrant. 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated June 15, 2022, among the Registrant and certain stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022) 

35 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated June 15, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as trustee. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022) 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 15, 2022, among the Registrant, certain security holders. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022) 

10.4 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated June 15, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022) 

10.5 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated June 15, 2022, by and between the Registrant and US Tiger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreements, dated June 15, 2022, by and between the Registrant and each of its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022) 

10.7 
 
 Securities Transfer Agreement, dated June 15, 2022, among the Registrant and certain directors and officers of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022) 

10.8 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated March 20, 2023, issued
 by Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation to Feutune Light Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 22, 2023) 

10.9 
 
 Short-Term Loan Note, dated
 March 20, 2023, issued by Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation to Feutune Light Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 22, 2023) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 14, 2022) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended., as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 14, 2022) 

99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 14, 2022) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

36 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

FEUTUNE LIGHT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Dated: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yuanmei Ma 

Name: 
 Yuanmei Ma 

Title: 
 CFO 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Xuedong (Tony) Tian 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 
 
 March 30, 2023 

and Director 

/s/ Lei Xu 
 
 President and Chairwoman 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Lei Xu 

/s/ Yuanmei Ma 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Yuanmei Ma 
 
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Kevin Vassily 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Kevin Vassily 

/s/ David Ping Li 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 David Ping Li 

/s/ Michael Davidov 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Michael Davidov 

37 

FEUTUNE LIGHT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Balance Sheet F-3 Statement of Income F-4 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-5 Statement of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
of 
 Feutune Light Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Feutune Light Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the period from January 19, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the period from January 19, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital
as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

Costa Mesa, CA 
 March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

FEUTUNE LIGHT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

BALANCE SHEET 

December 31,
2022 

Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income taxes payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred underwriters discount 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at conversion value of per share 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 
 -

Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding (excluding 9,775,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

FEUTUNE LIGHT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENT OF INCOME 

For the 
 Period from 
 January 19, 
 2022 
 (inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other income 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Income before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net Income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted net income per share, common stock subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock attributable to Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation

Basic and diluted net loss per share, common stock attributable to Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

F- 4 

FEUTUNE LIGHT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance
 as of January 19, 2022 (inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Founder
 shares issued to initial stockholder 
 - 
 - 

- 

Sale
 of public units through public offering 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of private
 placement shares 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of representative
 shares 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Offering
 costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Reclassification
 of common stock subject to redemption 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Allocation
 of offering costs to common stock subject to redemption 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Accretion of carrying
 value to redemption value 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

F- 5 

FEUTUNE LIGHT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY
19, 2022 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Deferred taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income taxes payable 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of investments held in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of founder shares 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory note to related party 

Payment of promissory note to related party 

Proceed from public offering 

Proceed from private placement 

Payment of underwriter discount 

Payment of deferred offering costs 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash, Beginning of Period 
 -

Cash, End of Period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for interest 
 - 

Non-cash
 Financing Activities: 

Deferred underwriters marketing fees 

Change in value of common stock subject to redemption 

Allocation of offering costs to common stock subject to redemption 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

F- 6 

FEUTUNE LIGHT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (including units
issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option, the Public Units ). 

units (the Private
Placement Units including units to the Company s sponsor, Feutune Light Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor and shares to U.S. Tiger Securities, Inc. US Tiger at a purchase price of per Private Placement Unit, generating
gross proceeds to the Company of . 

representative
shares (the Representative Shares to US Tiger, a representative of the underwriters of the IPO, as part of representative
compensation. The Representative Shares are identical to the Public Shares included in the IPO except that the representative has agreed
not to transfer, assign or sell any such Representative Shares until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination.
In addition, US Tiger agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to the Representative Shares and Private Shares it owns in
connection with the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account (as defined below) with respect to the Representative Shares and Private Shares if the Company fails to complete
its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below). 

, consisting
of of underwriting fees and of other offering costs and fair value of the Representative Shares as
part of the transaction costs. Following the consummation of the IPO, cash of were held outside of the Trust Account (as defined
below) and is available for working capital purposes. 

of the assets held in
the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned
on the Trust Account (as defined below)) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company
will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ).
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

F- 7 

per Public Unit)
from the proceed of the IPO and the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units was held in a U.S.-based trust account (the
 Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. The funds held in the Trust Account
invested only in U.S. government treasury bills, bonds or notes with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting
the applicable conditions of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest solely in direct U.S. government
treasury, so that the Company are not deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Except with respect to interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to the Company to pay the Company s tax obligation, the proceeds
from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units that are deposited and held in the Trust Account will not be released from the
Trust Account until the earliest to occur of (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any
Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend then current amended and restated Company s certificate
of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of its obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial Business
Combination or to redeem of the Company s Public Shares if it does not complete the initial Business Combination within the
Combination Period (as defined below) the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights
or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (c) the redemption of of the Company s Public Shares if it is unable
to complete the Business Combination within the required time frame, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account
could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors which could have higher priority than the claims of the Company s
public stockholders. If the Company anticipate that it may not be able to consummate its initial Business Combination by March 21, 2023
(within nine (9) months from the consummation of the IPO), it may extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination
up to three (3) times by an additional three-month period each time for a total of up to 9 months, affording the Company up to December
21, 2023 (up to eighteen (18) months from the consummation of the IPO) to complete its initial Business Combination. Public stockholders
will not be offered the opportunity to vote on or redeem their shares if the Company chooses to make any such paid extension. On March
17, 2023, an aggregate of was deposited by the Sponsor into the Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing 
per public share, which enables the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by three
months from March 21, 2023 to June 21, 2023. 

per share), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. Any such payments would be made in the form of a
loan. If the Company completes its initial Business Combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the
Trust Account. In addition, such extension funding loans may be convertible into Private Placement Units upon the closing of the Company s
initial Business Combination at per unit at the option of the lender. 

upon such consummation of a Business Combination
and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination. The Company will have by March 21, 2023 (nine (9) months from the closing of the IPO) (or up to December 21, 2023 (18 months
from the closing of the IPO) to complete the initial Business Combination (the Combination Period ). On March 17, 2023, an
aggregate of was deposited by the Sponsor into the Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing per public share,
which enables the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by three months from March
21, 2023 to June 21, 2023. 

of interest to pay
dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and its
board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for
claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

of the Company s Public Shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (iii)
to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares and Private Shares held by
them if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to
liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial
Business Combination within the Combination Period. If the Company submits it initial Business Combination to its stockholders for a vote,
the Company will complete its initial Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted
in favor of the initial Business Combination. In no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its
net tangible assets to be less than . In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of Public Shares and the
related Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. 

F- 8 

per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of
the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be
withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all
rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the
IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act (as defined in Note 2). Moreover, in the event that an
executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Company s Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent
of any liability for such third party claims. 

and a working capital of , excluding taxes payable which will be paid out from the Trust Account. 

of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price
of per unit at the option of the lender. 

or more of the votes to approve to extend
the completion period. If the Company fails to obtain approval from the stockholders for such extension or the Company does not seek
such extension, the Company will cease all operations. On March 17, 2023, an aggregate of was deposited by the Sponsor into
the Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing per public share, which enables the Company to extend the period of
time it has to consummate its initial business combination by three months from March 21, 2023 to June 21, 2023. 

F- 9 

cash in bank as of December
31, 2022. 

of the assets held in the Trust
Account were held in money market funds, and consisted of U.S. Treasury securities carried at fair value. 

. 

F- 10 

per
share as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section
of the Company s balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying
value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in
the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or accumulated deficit
if additional paid in capital equals to zero. 

consisting
principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses that are directly related to the IPO and charged to stockholders 
equity upon the completion of the IPO. 

F- 11 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Allocation of net income/(loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income/(loss) per share 

million was over the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) limit. 

F- 12 

excise tax on any
domestic corporation that repurchases its stock after December 31, 2022 (the Excise Tax ). The Excise Tax is imposed on the
fair market value of the repurchased stock, with certain exceptions. 

shares granted to the Company s management and directors less estimated forfeitures of
 shares was for a total of 
shares or per share. The Founders Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the
occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the Business
Combination is consummated under ASC 718. As such no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation
would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is consummated in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares with
estimated forfeiture times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for
the purchase of the Founders Shares. 

in money market funds which are invested in short term U.S. Treasury Securities. Interest
income amounted to for the period from inception to December 31, 2022. 

Public Units at per Public Unit (with the underwriters over-allotment option exercised in full) on June 21,
2022, generating gross proceeds of . Each Public Unit has an offering price of and consists of one share of the
Class A Common Stock, one Warrant and one Right. The Warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the
completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the IPO and will expire 
after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Public Shares sold
as part of the Public Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares if there is
a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s liquidation. In accordance with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified
in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be
classified outside of permanent equity. 

F- 13 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Warrants issued in IPO 

Proceeds allocated to Rights issued in IPO 

Offering costs of Public Units 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption 

Private Placement Units at a price of per unit including units to the
Company s Sponsor, and units to US Tiger for an aggregate proceeds to the Company of . Each Private Placement Units
consists of one share of Class A Common Stock, one Warrant, and one Right. The Sponsor will be permitted to transfer the Private
Placement Units held by them to certain permitted transferees, including the Company s officers and directors and other persons
or entities affiliated with or related to it or them, but the transferees receiving such securities will be subject to the same agreements
with respect to such securities as the founders. 

Class B common stock Founder Shares of for an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately per share.
As of December 31, 2022, there were Founder Shares issued and outstanding. 

F- 14 

Private Placement Units at a price of per unit including shares to the
Company s Sponsor, and shares to US Tiger for an aggregate proceeds to the Company of . 

shares granted to the Company s management and directors less estimated
forfeiture of shares was for
a total of shares or per share . The Founders Shares were granted subject to a performance condition
(i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the
Business Combination is consummated under ASC 718. As such no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based
compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is consummated in an amount equal to the number of Founders
Shares with estimated forfeiture times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially
received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. 

Representative Shares to US Tiger as
part of representative compensation. The Representative Shares are identical to the Public Shares except that US Tiger has agreed not
to transfer, assign or sell any such Representative Shares until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. In
addition, US Tiger has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the
Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. The fair value of the
shares at IPO was valued at or per share, which was based on the Class A common stock adjusted for the likelihood of a
Business Combination and with a discount applied for the lack of marketability. 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due
at the earlier of (1) January 31, 2023 or (2) the date on which the Company consummates an initial public offering of its securities.
Prior to the IPO, the Company had outstanding loan balance. The loan was repaid on June 21, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there
was no outstanding balance. 

of such loans may be converted upon consummation of the Business Combination into Private
Placement Units at a price of per unit (the Working Capital Units ). If the Company does not complete a Business Combination,
the loans would be repaid out of funds not held in the Trust Account, and only to the extent available. Such Working Capital Units converted
from loan would be identical to the Private Placement Units sold in the Private Placement. 

F- 15 

of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or to the underwriters at the closing of the IPO. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled
to a deferred fee of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or until the closing of the Business Combination. 

shares of preference
stock, par value, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the
Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, there were no preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A
Common Stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class A Common Stock issued
and outstanding, excluding shares subject to possible redemption 

shares of Class B
common stock (the Class B Common Stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022, the Company issued
 shares of Class B common stock. 

vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the
Class B Common Stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders, except
as required by law. 

Rights were
outstanding. 

F- 16 

per Warrant: 

Warrants issued
with the IPO as equity instruments in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815-40, Derivatives
and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity . The Company accounted for the Warrant as an expense of the IPO resulting
in a charge directly to stockholders equity. The Company estimates that the fair value of the Warrants is approximately million,
or per Unit, using the Monte Carlo Model. The fair value of the Warrants is estimated as of the date of grant using
the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of , (2) risk-free interest rate of , (3) expected life of 
years, (4) exercise price of and (5) stock price of . 

Warrants
issued with the Private Placement as equity instruments in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity 
and ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity . The Company accounted for the Warrant
as an expense of the sale of the Private Placement Units resulting in a charge directly to stockholders equity. The Company estimates
that the fair value of the Warrants was approximately million, or per Unit, using the Monte Carlo Model. The
fair value of the Warrants is estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of ,
(2) risk-free interest rate of , (3) expected life of years, (4) exercise price of and (5) stock price
of . 

Warrants were
outstanding. 

F- 17 

State 

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

Permanent difference 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net 
 -

Accrued interest income 

Deferred tax liability, net 

was deposited by the Sponsor
into the Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing per public share, which enables the Company to extend the period
of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by three months from March 21, 2023 to June 21, 2023. 

. 

F-18 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-1_feutunelight.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION, DATED JUNE 14, 2022

Exhibit 3.1 

State of Delaware 
Secretary of State 
Division of Corporations 
Delivered 03:43 PM 06/14/2022 

FILED 03:43 PM 06/14/2022 
 SR 20222720622 - File Number 6554272 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

 OF 

 FEUTUNE LIGHT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

June 14, 2022 

Feutune Light Acquisition
Corporation, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation ), DOES HEREBY
CERTIFY AS FOLLOWS: 

1. The name of the Corporation
is Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation . The original certificate of incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on January 19, 2022 (the Certificate ). 

2. This Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate ), which both restates and amends the provisions of the
Certificate, was duly adopted in accordance with Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as
amended from time to time (the DGCL ). 

3. This Amended and Restated
Certificate shall become effective on the date of filing with Secretary of State of Delaware. 

4. The text of the Certificate,
as amended to the date hereof, is hereby restated and amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

 NAME 

The name of the corporation is Feutune Light Acquisition
Corporation (the Corporation ). 

ARTICLE II 

 PURPOSE 

The purpose of the Corporation
is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL. In addition to the powers and privileges
conferred upon the Corporation by law and those incidental thereto, the Corporation shall possess and may exercise all the powers and
privileges that are necessary or convenient to the conduct, promotion or attainment of the business or purposes of the Corporation, including,
but not limited to, effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination, involving the Corporation and one or more businesses (a Business Combination ). 

ARTICLE III 

 REGISTERED AGENT 

The address of the Corporation s
registered office in the State of Delaware is 1013 Centre Road, Suite 403-B, Wilmington, DE 19805, New Castle County. The name of the
Corporation s registered agent at such address is Vcorp Services, LLC. 

2 

ARTICLE IV 

 CAPITALIZATION 

Section 4.1 Authorized Capital
Stock. The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock, each with a par value of 0.0001 per share, which the Corporation is
authorized to issue is 30,000,000 shares, consisting of (a) 29,500,000 shares of common stock (the Common Stock ), including
(i) 25,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock (the Class A Common Stock ), and (ii) 4,500,000 shares of Class B Common Stock
(the Class B Common Stock ), and (b) 500,000 shares of preferred stock (the Preferred Stock ). 

Section 4.2 Preferred Stock.
Subject to Article IX of this Amended and Restated Certificate, the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board is
hereby expressly authorized to provide out of the unissued shares of the Preferred Stock for one or more series of Preferred Stock and
to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the voting rights, if any, designations,
powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional, special and other rights, if any, of each such series and any qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board providing for the issuance
of such series and included in a certificate of designation (a Preferred Stock Designation filed pursuant to the DGCL,
and the Board is hereby expressly vested with the authority to the full extent provided by law, now or hereafter, to adopt any such resolution
or resolutions. 

Section 4.3 Common Stock. 

(a) 
 Voting. 

(i) Except as otherwise required
by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation and Section 9.9 hereof), the holders of the
Common Stock shall exclusively possess all voting power with respect to the Corporation. 

(ii) Except as otherwise required
by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation and Section 9.9 hereof), the holders of shares
of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders on which the holders
of the Common Stock are entitled to vote. 

(iii) Except as otherwise required
by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation and Section 9.9 hereof), at any annual or special
meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, holders of the Class A Common Stock and holders of the Class B Common Stock, voting together
as a single class, shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters properly submitted to
a vote of the stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate
(including any Preferred Stock Designation), holders of shares of any series of Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment
to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any amendment to any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms
of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock or other series of Common Stock if the holders of such affected series of Preferred
Stock or Common Stock, as applicable, are entitled exclusively, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such
series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation) or the DGCL. 

(b) 
 Class B Common Stock. 

(i) Shares of Class B Common
Stock shall be convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis (the Initial Conversion Ratio automatically
on the closing of the Business Combination. 

3 

(ii) Notwithstanding the Initial
Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional shares of Class A Common Stock, or Equity-linked Securities (as defined below), are issued
or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the Corporation s initial public offering of securities (the Offering and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, all issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock shall automatically
convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the closing of the initial Business Combination at a ratio for which: 

the numerator shall be equal to the sum of (A) 25 of all shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding or issuable (upon the conversion or exercise of any Equity-linked Securities or otherwise) by the Corporation, related to or in connection with the consummation of the initial Business Combination (excluding any securities issued or issuable to any seller in the initial Business Combination, any private placement shares issued to Feutune Light Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans to the Corporation) plus (B) the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the closing of the initial Business Combination; and 

the denominator shall be the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the closing of the initial Business Combination. 

As used herein, the term Equity-linked
Securities means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock
issued in a financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity
or debt. 

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, (i) the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance
or deemed issuance of additional shares of Class A Common Stock or Equity-linked Securities by the written consent or agreement of holders
of a majority of the shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding consenting or agreeing separately as a single class in the manner
provided in Section 4.3(b)(iii), and (ii) in no event shall the Class B Common Stock convert into Class A Common Stock at a ratio that
is less than one-for-one. 

The foregoing conversion ratio
shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision (by stock split, subdivision, exchange, stock dividend, reclassification, recapitalization
or otherwise) or combination (by reverse stock split, exchange, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) or similar reclassification
or recapitalization of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original
filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination or similar reclassification
or recapitalization of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. 

Each share of Class B Common
Stock shall convert into its pro rata number of shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to this Section 4.3(b). The pro rata share for
each holder of Class B Common Stock will be determined as follows: Each share of Class B Common Stock shall convert into such number of
shares of Class A Common Stock as is equal to the product of one (1) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the total
number of shares of Class A Common Stock into which all of the issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock shall be converted
pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) and the denominator of which shall be the total number of issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common
Stock at the time of conversion. 

4 

(iii) Voting. Except
as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), for so long as any
shares of Class B Common Stock shall remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders
of a majority of the shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any
provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal
would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B Common Stock.
Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B Common Stock may be taken without a meeting, without
prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders
of the outstanding Class B Common Stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take
such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B Common Stock were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation
by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation
having custody of the book in which minutes of proceedings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporation s registered
office shall be by hand, by certified or registered mail or by electronic mail, return receipt requested. Prompt written notice of the
taking of corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent of the holders of Class B Common Stock shall, to the
extent required by law, be given to those holders of Class B Common Stock who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had
been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for notice of such meeting had been the
date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders of Class B Common Stock to take the action were delivered to the Corporation. 

(c) Dividends. Subject to
applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock and the provisions of Article IX hereof,
the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions (payable in cash, property or
capital stock of the Corporation) when, as and if declared thereon by the Board from time to time out of any assets or funds of the Corporation
legally available therefor and shall share equally on a per share basis in such dividends and distributions. 

(d) Liquidation, Dissolution
or Winding Up of the Corporation. Subject to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred
Stock and the provisions of Article IX hereof, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation, the holders of shares of
Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders,
ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them. 

Section 4.4 Rights and Options.
The Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights, warrants and options entitling the holders thereof to acquire from the Corporation
any shares of its capital stock of any class or classes, with such rights, warrants and options to be evidenced by or in instrument(s)
approved by the Board. The Board is empowered to set the exercise price, duration, times for exercise and other terms and conditions of
such rights, warrants or options; provided, however, that the consideration to be received for any shares of capital stock issuable upon
exercise thereof may not be less than the par value thereof. 

ARTICLE V 

 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Section 5.1 Board Powers.
The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by, or under the direction of, the Board. In addition to the powers and authority
expressly conferred upon the Board by statute, this Amended and Restated Certificate or the By-Laws of the Corporation By-Laws ),
the Board is hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation,
subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the DGCL, this Amended and Restated Certificate, and any By-Laws adopted by the stockholders;
provided, however, that no By-Laws hereafter adopted by the stockholders shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that would have been
valid if such By-Laws had not been adopted. 

5 

Section 5.2 Number, Election and Term. 

(a) The number of directors
of the Corporation, other than those who may be elected by the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock voting separately
by class or series, shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board. 

(b) Subject to Section 5.5
hereof, the Board shall be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible and designated Class I, Class II and Class
III. The Board is authorized to assign members of the Board already in office to Class I, Class II or Class III. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors.
The term of the initial Class I Directors shall expire at the first annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the
effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate, the term of the initial Class II Directors shall expire at the second annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate, and the term of the initial
Class III Directors shall expire at the third annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this
Amended and Restated Certificate. At each succeeding annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, beginning with the first annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate, each of the successors
elected to replace the class of directors whose term expires at that annual meeting shall be elected for a three-year term or until the
election and qualification of their respective successors in office, subject to their earlier death, resignation or removal. Subject to
Section 5.5 hereof, if the number of directors that constitutes the Board is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned by
the Board among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, but in no case shall
a decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board shorten the term of any incumbent director. Subject to the rights of the
holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock, voting separately by class or series, to elect directors pursuant to the terms of one
or more series of Preferred Stock, the election of directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders
present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. The Board is hereby expressly authorized, by resolution
or resolutions thereof, to assign members of the Board already in office to the aforesaid classes at the time this Amended and Restated
Certificate (and therefore such classification) becomes effective in accordance with the DGCL. 

(c) Subject to Section 5.5
hereof, a director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and until his or her successor
has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or
removal. 

(d) Unless and except to the
extent that the By-Laws shall so require, the election of directors need not be by written ballot. The holders of shares of Common Stock
shall not have cumulative voting rights. 

Section 5.3 Newly Created
Directorships and Vacancies. Subject to Sections 5.5 and 9.9 hereof, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number
of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal or other cause may
be filled solely and exclusively by a majority vote of the remaining directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole
remaining director (and not by stockholders), and any director so chosen shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class
of directors to which the new directorship was added or in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor has been elected
and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. 

Section 5.4 Removal. Subject
to Sections 5.5 hereof and except as otherwise required by this Amended and Restated Certificate (including Section 9.9 hereof), any or
all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority
of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors,
voting together as a single class. 

6 

Section 5.5 Preferred Stock
- Directors. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article V, and except as otherwise required by law, whenever the holders of one
or more series of the Preferred Stock shall have the right, voting separately by class or series, to elect one or more directors, the
term of office, the filling of vacancies, the removal from office and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the terms
of such series of the Preferred Stock as set forth in this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation)
and such directors shall not be included in any of the classes created pursuant to this Article V unless expressly provided by such terms. 

ARTICLE VI 

 BYLAWS 

In furtherance and not in
limitation of the powers conferred upon it by law, the Board shall have the power and is expressly authorized to adopt, amend, alter or
repeal the By-Laws. The affirmative vote of a majority of the Board shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the By-Laws. The
By-Laws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders; provided, however, that in addition to any vote of the
holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Amended and Restated Certificate (including
any Preferred Stock Designation), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class,
shall be required for the stockholders to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the By-Laws; and provided further, however, that no By-Laws hereafter
adopted by the stockholders shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that would have been valid if such By-Laws had not been adopted. 

ARTICLE VII 

 MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS; ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT 

Section 7.1 Meetings. Subject
to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, and to the requirements of applicable law, special
meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation,
or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board, and the ability of the stockholders to call a special meeting
is hereby specifically denied. Except as provided in the foregoing sentence, special meetings of stockholders may not be called by another
person or persons. 

Section 7.2 Advance Notice.
Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting
of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the By-Laws. 

Section 7.3 Action by Written
Consent. Except as may be otherwise provided for or fixed pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock
Designation) relating to the rights of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, subsequent to the consummation of the
Offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected by a duly called annual
or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to the
Class B Common Stock with respect to which action may be taken by written consent. 

ARTICLE VIII 

 LIMITED LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 8.1 Limitation of
Director Liability. A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages
for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted
under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended unless they violated their duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders,
acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or
unlawful redemptions, or derived improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. Any amendment, modification or repeal of the
foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any act
or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, modification or repeal. 

7 

Section 8.2 Indemnification and Advancement of
Expenses. 

(a) To the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless each person
who is or was made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action,
suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a proceeding by reason of the fact that he
or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the
request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust,
other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (an indemnitee ), whether
the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other capacity
while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including, without limitation,
attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such
indemnitee in connection with such proceeding. The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses
(including attorneys fees) incurred by an indemnitee in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in advance of its
final disposition; provided, however, that, to the extent required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final
disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of the indemnitee, to repay all amounts
so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section 8.2 or otherwise.
The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred by this Section 8.2 shall be contract rights and such rights shall
continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her
heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 8.2(a), except for proceedings to enforce
rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall indemnify and advance expenses to an indemnitee in connection
with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. 

(b) The rights to indemnification
and advancement of expenses conferred on any indemnitee by this Section 8.2 shall not be exclusive of any other rights that any indemnitee
may have or hereafter acquire under law, this Amended and Restated Certificate, the By-Laws, an agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors, or otherwise. 

(c) Any repeal or amendment
of this Section 8.2 by the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provision of this Amended
and Restated Certificate inconsistent with this Section 8.2, shall, unless otherwise required by law, be prospective only (except to the
extent such amendment or change in law permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis than permitted
prior thereto), and shall not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such repeal or amendment
or adoption of such inconsistent provision in respect of any proceeding (regardless of when such proceeding is first threatened, commenced
or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent
provision. 

(d) This Section 8.2 shall
not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses
to persons other than indemnitees. 

ARTICLE IX 

 BUSINESS COMBINATION REQUIREMENTS; EXISTENCE 

Section 9.1 General. 

(a) The provisions of this
Article IX shall apply during the period commencing upon the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate and terminating upon
the consummation of the Corporation s initial Business Combination and, subject to Section 9.9 hereof, no amendment to this Article
IX shall be effective prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination unless approved by the affirmative vote of the holders
of at least sixty-five percent (65 of all then outstanding shares of the Common Stock. The Corporation shall not undertake an initial
business combination with any entity with its principal business operations or is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

8 

(b) Immediately after the
Offering, a certain amount of the net offering proceeds received by the Corporation in the Offering (including the proceeds of any exercise
of the underwriters over-allotment option, if any) and certain other amounts specified in the Corporation s registration
statement on Form S-1, as initially filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on April 11, 2022,
as amended (the Registration Statement ), shall be deposited in a trust account (the Trust Account ), established
for the benefit of the Public Stockholders (as defined below) pursuant to a trust agreement described in the Registration Statement (the
 Trust Agreement ). Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes, none of the funds held in the Trust Account (including
the interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account) will be released from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of (i)
the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of 100 of the Offering Shares (as defined below) if the Corporation
is unable to complete its initial Business Combination within 9 months from the closing of the Offering (or prior to the Termination Date,
as defined below, if applicable) (or, if the Office of the Delaware Division of Corporations shall not be open for business (including
filing of corporate documents) on such date the next date upon which the Office of the Delaware Division of Corporations shall be open),
which may be extended pursuant to Section 9.1(c) (the Deadline Date and (iii) the redemption of shares in connection with
a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate (a) to modify the substance or timing of the Corporation s
obligation to provide for the redemption of the Offering Shares in connection with an initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of
such shares if the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination by the Deadline Date or (b) with respect to any other
provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity (as described in Section 9.7). Holders of
shares of Common Stock included as part of the units sold in the Offering (the Offering Shares (whether such Offering Shares
were purchased in the Offering or in the secondary market following the Offering and whether or not such holders are the Sponsor or officers
or directors of the Corporation, or affiliates of any of the foregoing) are referred to herein as Public Stockholders. 

(c) In the event that the
Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 9 months from the closing of the Offering, the Sponsor may request
that the Board extend the period of time to consummate an initial Business Combination by an additional three-month each time for up to
three times (each such extension, an Extension ), for a total of 18 months from the closing of the Offering to consummate
an initial Business Combination; provided, that for each Extension: (i) the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees has deposited into
the Trust Account an amount equal to 0.10 of the gross proceeds of the Offering, representing 0.10 for each Offering Share, in exchange
for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note; and (ii) there has been compliance with any applicable procedures relating to the
Extension in the trust agreement and in the letter agreement, both of which are described in the Registration Statement. If the Sponsor
requests an Extension, then the following applies: (iii) the gross proceeds from the issuance of such promissory note referred to in (i)
above will be added to the offering proceeds in the Trust Account and shall be used to fund the redemption of the Offering Shares in accordance
with this Article IX; (iv) if the Corporation completes its initial Business Combination, it will, at the option of the Sponsor, repay
the amount loaned under the promissory note out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to it or issue securities of the Corporation
in lieu of repayment in accordance with the terms of the promissory note; and (v) if the Corporation does not complete a Business Combination
by the Deadline Date, the Corporation will not repay the amount loaned under the promissory note until 100 of the Offering Shares have
been redeemed and only in connection with the liquidation of the Corporation to the extent funds are available outside of the Trust Account. 

Section 9.2 Redemption Rights. 

(a) Prior to the consummation
of the initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall provide all holders of Offering Shares with the opportunity to have their Offering
Shares redeemed upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination pursuant to, and subject to the limitations of Sections 9.2(b)
to 9.2(d) (such rights of such holders to have their Offering Shares redeemed pursuant to such Sections, the Redemption Rights hereof for cash equal to the applicable redemption price per share determined in accordance with Section 9.2(b) hereof (the Redemption
Price ); provided, however, that the Corporation will only redeem Offering Shares so long as (after such redemption), the Corporation s
net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act (or any successor rule)), or of any entity that succeeds the Corporation as a public company, will be at least 5,000,001
or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to the initial Business Combination
upon consummation of the initial Business Combination (such limitation hereinafter called the Redemption Limitation ). Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate, there shall be no Redemption Rights or liquidating distributions
with respect to any warrant issued pursuant to the Offering. 

9 

(b) If the Corporation offers
to redeem the Offering Shares other than in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act (or any successor rules or regulations) and filing proxy materials with the SEC, the Corporation
shall offer to redeem the Offering Shares upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination, subject to lawfully available funds
therefor, in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.2(a) hereof pursuant to a tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation
14E of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule or regulation) (such rules and regulations hereinafter called the Tender Offer Rules which it shall commence prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination and shall file tender offer documents with the SEC
prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination that contain substantially the same financial and other information about
the initial Business Combination and the Redemption Rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule
or regulation) (such rules and regulations hereinafter called the Proxy Solicitation Rules ), even if such information is
not required under the Tender Offer Rules; provided, however, that if a stockholder vote is required by law to approve the proposed initial
Business Combination, or the Corporation decides to submit the proposed initial Business Combination to the stockholders for their approval
for business or other legal reasons, the Corporation shall offer to redeem the Offering Shares, subject to lawfully available funds therefor,
in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.2(a) hereof in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the Proxy Solicitation
Rules (and not the Tender Offer Rules) at a price per share equal to the Redemption Price calculated in accordance with the following
provisions of this Section 9.2(b). In the event that the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares pursuant to a tender offer in
accordance with the Tender Offer Rules, the Redemption Price per share of the Common Stock payable to holders of the Offering Shares tendering
their Offering Shares pursuant to such tender offer shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing: (i) the aggregate amount on deposit
in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest (net of
taxes payable), by (ii) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares. If the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares
in conjunction with a stockholder vote on the proposed initial Business Combination pursuant to a proxy solicitation, the Redemption Price
per share of the Common Stock payable to holders of the Offering Shares exercising their Redemption Rights shall be equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (a) the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the
initial Business Combination, including interest (net of taxes payable), by (b) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares. 

(c) If the Corporation offers
to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination pursuant to a proxy solicitation,
a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert
or as a group (as defined under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), shall be restricted from seeking Redemption Rights
with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the Offering Shares without the prior consent of the Corporation. 

(d) In the event that the
Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination by the Deadline Date, the Corporation shall (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully
available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the Offering Shares in consideration of a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (A) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (net of taxes payable, less up
to 50,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses), by (B) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish rights of the Public Stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining
stockholders and the Board in accordance with applicable law, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Corporation s
obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. 

(e) If the Corporation offers
to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall consummate
the proposed initial Business Combination only if (i) such initial Business Combination is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the shares of the Common Stock that are voted at a stockholder meeting held to consider such initial Business Combination
and (ii) the Redemption Limitation is not exceeded. 

10 

(f) If the Corporation conducts
a tender offer pursuant to Section 9.2(b), the Corporation shall consummate the proposed initial Business Combination only if the Redemption
Limitation is not exceeded. 

Section 9.3 Distributions from the Trust Account. 

(a) A Public Stockholder shall
be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only as provided in Sections 9.2(a), 9.2(b), 9.2(d) or 9.7 hereof. In no other circumstances
shall a Public Stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in or to distributions from the Trust Account, and no stockholder other
than a Public Stockholder shall have any interest in or to the Trust Account. 

(b) Each Public Stockholder
that does not exercise its Redemption Rights shall retain its interest in the Corporation and shall be deemed to have given its consent
to the release of the remaining funds in the Trust Account to the Corporation, and following payment to any Public Stockholders exercising
their Redemption Rights, the remaining funds in the Trust Account shall be released to the Corporation. 

(c) The exercise by a Public
Stockholder of the Redemption Rights shall be conditioned on such Public Stockholder following the specific procedures for redemptions
set forth by the Corporation in any applicable tender offer or proxy materials sent to the Public Stockholders relating to the proposed
initial Business Combination. Payment of the amounts necessary to satisfy the Redemption Rights properly exercised shall be made as promptly
as practical after the consummation of the initial Business Combination. 

Section 9.4 Share Issuances.
Prior to the consummation of the Corporation s initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall not issue any additional shares
of capital stock of the Corporation that would entitle the holders thereof to receive funds from the Trust Account or vote on any initial
Business Combination, on any pre-Business Combination activity or on any amendment to this Article IX. 

Section 9.5 Transactions with
Affiliates. In the event the Corporation enters into an initial Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with the
Sponsor, or the directors or officers of the Corporation, the Corporation, or a committee of the independent directors of the Corporation,
shall obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions
that such Business Combination is fair to the Corporation from a financial point of view. 

Section 9.6 No Transactions
with Other Blank Check Companies. The Corporation shall not enter into an initial Business Combination with another blank check company
or a similar company with nominal operations. 

Section 9.7 Additional Redemption
Rights. If, in accordance with Section 9.1(a), any amendment is made to Section 9.2(d) to modify (i) the substance or timing of the Corporation s
obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Corporation s initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of the Offering
Shares if the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination by the Deadline Date, or (ii) with respect to any other
provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, the Public Stockholders shall be provided
with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon the approval of any such amendment, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then
outstanding Offering Shares; provided, however, that any such amendment will be voided, and this Article IX will remain unchanged, if
any stockholders who wish to redeem are unable to redeem due to the Redemption Limitation. 

11 

Section 9.8 Minimum Value
of Target. So long as the Corporation maintains its listing on Nasdaq, the Corporation s initial Business Combination must occur
with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding
the deferred underwriting discount held in, and taxes payable on the income earned on, the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement
to enter into the initial Business Combination in accordance with Nasdaq rules. 

Section 9.9 Appointment and
Removal of Directors. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Amended and Restated Certificate, prior to the closing of the initial
Business Combination, the holders of Class B Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to elect and remove, with or without cause, any
director, and the holders of Class A Common Stock shall have no right to vote on the election or removal of any director. This Section
9.9 may be amended only by a resolution passed by a holders of at least 90 of the outstanding Common Stock voting thereon. 

ARTICLE X 

 BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 

Section 10.1 Section 203 of
the DGCL. The Corporation will not be subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. 

Section 10.2 Limitations on
Business Combinations. Notwithstanding Section 10.1, the Corporation shall not engage in any business combination (as defined below),
at any point in time at which the Corporation s common stock is registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, with
any interested stockholder (as defined below) for a period of three years following the time that such stockholder of the Corporation
became an interested stockholder, unless: 

(a) prior to such time, the
Board approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder,
or 

(b) upon consummation of the
transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the
voting stock (as defined below) of the Corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining
the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned by (i) persons
who are directors and also officers of the Corporation or (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right
to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer, or 

(c) at or subsequent to such
time, the business combination is approved by the majority of the independent directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting
of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation
which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Section 10.3 Definitions.
For the purposes of this Article X: 

(a) affiliate 
means a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control
with, another person. 

(b) associate, 
when used to indicate a relationship with any person, means: (i) any corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity
of which such person is a director, officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the owner of 20 or more of any class of voting
stock; (ii) any trust or other estate in which such person has at least a 20 beneficial interest or as to which such person serves as
trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity; and (iii) any relative or spouse of such person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the
same residence as such person. 

12 

(c) business combination, 
when used in reference to the Corporation and any interested stockholder, means: 

(i) any merger or consolidation
of the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation (A) with the interested stockholder, or (B)
with any other corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity if the merger or consolidation is caused by the interested
stockholder and as a result of such merger or consolidation Article XI is not applicable to the surviving entity; 

(ii) any sale, lease, exchange,
mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions), except proportionately as a stockholder
of the Corporation, to or with the interested stockholder, whether as part of a dissolution or otherwise, of assets of the Corporation
or of any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation which assets have an aggregate market value equal to 10 or
more of either the aggregate market value of all the assets of the Corporation determined on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market
value of all the outstanding stock of the Corporation; 

(iii) any transaction which
results in the issuance or transfer by the Corporation or by any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation of any
stock of the Corporation or of such subsidiary to the interested stockholder, except: (A) pursuant to the exercise, exchange or conversion
of securities exercisable for, exchangeable for or convertible into stock of the Corporation or any such subsidiary which securities were
outstanding prior to the time that the interested stockholder became such; (B) pursuant to a merger under Section 251(g) of the DGCL;
(C) pursuant to a dividend or distribution paid or made, or the exercise, exchange or conversion of securities exercisable for, exchangeable
for or convertible into stock of the Corporation or any such subsidiary which security is distributed, pro rata to all holders of a class
or series of stock of the Corporation subsequent to the time the interested stockholder became such; (D) pursuant to an exchange offer
by the Corporation to purchase stock made on the same terms to all holders of said stock; or (E) any issuance or transfer of stock by
the Corporation; provided, however, that in no case under items (C)-(E) of this subsection (iii) shall there be an increase in the interested
stockholder s proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the Corporation or of the voting stock of the Corporation
(except as a result of immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments); 

(iv) any transaction involving
the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of
increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series, or securities convertible into the stock of any class or series,
of the Corporation or of any such subsidiary which is owned by the interested stockholder, except as a result of immaterial changes due
to fractional share adjustments or as a result of any purchase or redemption of any shares of stock not caused, directly or indirectly,
by the interested stockholder; or 

(v) any receipt by the interested
stockholder of the benefit, directly or indirectly (except proportionately as a stockholder of the Corporation), of any loans, advances,
guarantees or pledges (other than those expressly permitted in subsections (i)-(iv) above) provided by or through the Corporation or any
direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary. 

(d) control, 
including the terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with, means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person, whether through the
ownership of voting stock, by contract, or otherwise. A person who is the owner of 20 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the
Corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity shall be presumed to have control of such entity, in the absence
of proof by a preponderance of the evidence to the contrary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a presumption of control shall not apply where
such person holds voting stock, in good faith and not for the purpose of circumventing this Article X, as an agent, bank, broker, nominee,
custodian or trustee for one or more owners who do not individually or as a group have control of such entity. 

13 

(e) interested stockholder 
means any person (other than the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation) that (i) is the owner
of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation, or (ii) is an affiliate or associate of the Corporation and was the
owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation at any time within the three year period immediately prior to
the date on which it is sought to be determined whether such person is an interested stockholder, and the affiliates and associates of
such person; provided, however, that the term interested stockholder shall not include (A) the Principal Stockholder or
Principal Stockholder Transferees or any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) that includes any
Principal Stockholder or Principal Stockholder Transferee or (B) any person whose ownership of shares in excess of the 15 limitation
set forth herein is the result of any action taken solely by the Corporation; provided that such person specified in this clause (B) shall
be an interested stockholder if thereafter such person acquires additional shares of voting stock of the Corporation, except as a result
of further corporate action not caused, directly or indirectly, by such person. For the purpose of determining whether a person is an
interested stockholder, the voting stock of the Corporation deemed to be outstanding shall include stock deemed to be owned by the person
through application of the definition of owner below but shall not include any other unissued stock of the Corporation which
may be issuable pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon exercise of conversion rights, warrants or options, or
otherwise. 

(f) owner, including
the terms own and owned, when used with respect to any stock, means a person that individually or with or
through any of its affiliates or associates: 

(i) beneficially owns such stock, directly or indirectly;
or 

(ii) has (A) the right to acquire
such stock (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or
understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise; provided, however, that
a person shall not be deemed the owner of stock tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by such person or any of such person s
affiliates or associates until such tendered stock is accepted for purchase or exchange; or (B) the right to vote such stock pursuant
to any agreement, arrangement or understanding; provided, however, that a person shall not be deemed the owner of any stock because of
such person s right to vote such stock if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such stock arises solely from a revocable
proxy or consent given in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made to ten or more persons; or 

(iii) has any agreement, arrangement
or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except voting pursuant to a revocable proxy or consent as described in
item (B) of subsection (ii) above), or disposing of such stock with any other person that beneficially owns, or whose affiliates or associates
beneficially own, directly or indirectly, such stock. 

(g) person means
any individual, corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity. 

(h) stock means,
with respect to any corporation, capital stock and, with respect to any other entity, any equity interest. 

(i) Principal Stockholder 
means, collectively, (i) the Sponsor, (ii) Xuedong (Tony) Tian, (iii) Lei Xu, (iv) Yuanmei Ma, (v) Kevin Vassily, (vi) David Ping Li,
(vii) Michael Davidov and (viii) any affiliate or successor of a person referenced in clauses (i) to (ix) of this definition. 

14 

(j) Principal Stockholder
Transferee means any Person who acquires voting stock of the Corporation from the Principal Stockholder (other than in connection
with a public offering) and who is designated in writing by the Principal Stockholder as a Principal Stockholder Transferee. 

(k) voting stock 
means stock of any class or series entitled to vote generally in matters submitted for stockholders approval other than the election
of directors. 

ARTICLE XI 

 CORPORATE OPPORTUNITY 

To the extent allowed by law,
the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any other analogous doctrine, shall not apply with respect to the Corporation or any of its
officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, in circumstances where the application of any such doctrine would conflict
with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have as of the date of this Amended and Restated Certificate or in the future,
and the Corporation renounces any expectancy that any of the directors or officers of the Corporation will offer any such corporate opportunity
of which he or she may become aware to the Corporation, except, the doctrine of corporate opportunity shall apply with respect to any
of the directors or officers of the Corporation with respect to a corporate opportunity that was offered to such person solely in his
or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation and (i) such opportunity is one the Corporation is legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for the Corporation to pursue and (ii) the director or officer is permitted to
refer that opportunity to the Corporation without violating any legal obligation. 

ARTICLE XII 

 AMENDMENT OF AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION 

The Corporation reserves the
right at any time and from time to time to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate
(including any Preferred Stock Designation), and other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force
that may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by this Amended and Restated Certificate and the DGCL; and, except
as set forth in Article VIII, all rights, preferences and privileges of whatever nature herein conferred upon stockholders, directors
or any other persons by and pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted
subject to the right reserved in this Article XI; provided, however, that Article IX of this Amended and Restated Certificate may be amended
only as provided therein. 

15 

ARTICLE XIII 

 EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LAWSUITS; CONSENT TO
JURISDICTION 

Section 13.1 Forum. Subject
to the last sentence in this Section 13.1, and unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to
the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum
for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation,
(ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to
the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers
or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or this Amended and Restated Certificate or the By-Laws, or (iv) any action
asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine and, if brought
outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s
counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party
not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of
the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum
other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, (i) the provisions of this Section 13.1 will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange
Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by the applicable
law, the federal district courts of the United States of America for the District of Delaware and the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Section 13.2 Consent to Jurisdiction.
If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of Section 13.1 immediately above is filed in a court other than a court
located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed
to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce Section 13.1 immediately above (an FSC Enforcement Action and (ii)
having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such FSC Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholder s counsel
in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 

Section 13.3 Severability.
If any provision or provisions of this Article XIII shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person or
entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legality and enforceability
of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article XIII (including, without limitation, each
portion of any sentence of this Article XIII containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall
not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital
stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article XIII. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

[Signature Page Follows] 

16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Feutune
Light Acquisition Corporation has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate to be duly executed and acknowledged in its name and on
its behalf by an authorized officer as of the date first set forth above. 

FEUTUNE LIGHT ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Yuanmei Ma 

Name: 
 Yuanmei Ma 

Title: 
 CFO 

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation] 

17 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.7>
 3
 f10k2022ex4-7_feutunelight.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 4.7 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OF THE
REGISTRANT 

Pursuant to the amended and
restated certificate of incorporation of Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation FLFV , our Company , the
Company , we or us ), our authorized capital stock consists of 25,000,000 shares of Class A
common stock, 0.0001 par value, 4,500,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 500,000 shares of undesignated
preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock. Because it is only a
summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units Sold in the IPO 

Each unit has an offering
price of 10.00 and consists of one whole share of Class A common stock, one redeemable warrant and one right to receive one-tenth
(1/10) of one share of Class A common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common
stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in the Company s prospectus, filed with the SEC on June
17, 2022 (the Prospectus ). We will not issue fractional shares, as a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in
order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. 

The Class A common stock,
warrants and rights comprising the units began separate trading on August 8, 2022. Once the shares of Class A common stock, warrants
and rights commence separate trading, holders would have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component
securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of Class A
common stock, warrants and rights. 

Private Units Sold in the Private Placement 

The private units are identical
to public unit sold in the initial public offering of the Company (the IPO ). With certain limited exceptions, the private
units and the underlying securities are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons
or entities affiliated with or related to our founders, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination. 

Common Stock 

Upon the closing of the IPO on June 21, 2022, 11,139,250 shares of
our common stock were outstanding, consisting of: 

9,775,000 shares of our Class A common stock included in the units being offered in the IPO; 

498,875 shares of our Class A common stock included in the private units sold in the private placement; and 

2,443,750 shares of Class B common stock held by our founders 

60,000 shares of Class A common stock issued to representatives 

Common stockholders of record
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class A common stock and
holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders,
except as required by law and the amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote
of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board
of directors is divided into three classes, each of which generally serves for a term of three years with only one class of directors
being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders
of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors provided that prior to the consummation
of our business combination, holders of Class B common stock are entitled to elect or remove all directors of the board. Our stockholders
are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 25,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into
a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of
Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to the
extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year
end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of
stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in
lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect and remove, with or without cause, new directors prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL,
which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance
with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein.
The amount in the trust account was initially set to be approximately 10.15 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute
to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters.
Our founders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares and any private shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business combination.
Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business
combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even
when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business
or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial
and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules.
If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other
legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the
proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination
only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting
will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority
of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. However, the participation
of our founders, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in the Prospectus),
if any, could result in the approval of our business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their
intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common
stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately
30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which
a vote shall be taken to approve our business combination. These quorums and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial
stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

2 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of
such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13
of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares of common
stock sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to
vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem
the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our business combination, and such stockholders could suffer
a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive
redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders
will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in
open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek shareholder approval
in connection with our business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares, private shares, representative
shares and public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our
initial stockholder s founder shares, private shares and representative shares, we would need 2,887,313, or 29.54 , of the 9,775,000
public shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial
business combination approved. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they
vote, do not vote or abstain, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction, and irrespective
of whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction (subject
to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our business combination by March 21, 2023 (within 9 months from the
closing of the IPO) (or by December 21, 2023, or 18 months from the closing of the IPO, if we extend the time to complete a business combination
as described in the Prospectus) (the Combination Period ), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds
therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes or for working
capital purposes (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our founders, officers
and directors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares
and private shares held by them if we fail to complete our business combination within the Combination Period. However, if our founders
acquire public shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such
public shares if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining
available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference
over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the common stock, except that we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal
to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our initial business combination,
subject to the limitations described herein. 

3 

Founder Shares, Private Shares and Representative shares 

The founder shares are designated
as Class B common stock. Except as described below, the founder shares, private shares and representative shares are identical to
the shares of Class A common stock included in the units being sold in the IPO, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder
rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares and private shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions,
as described in more detail below, (ii) our initial stockholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which
they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private shares and representative shares,
and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares, private shares, representative shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder
vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (i) modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of
our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to any
other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (C) to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares, private shares and representative shares
held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to
liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business
combination within such time period, and (iii) the founder shares are shares of our Class B common stock that will automatically
convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to
adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights as described herein and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. If we submit
our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees
will agree) pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any founder shares, private shares and representative shares held by them and any
public shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial
business combination. 

With certain limited exceptions,
our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell 50 of its founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) six
months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or (B) the date on which the closing price of our
Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and the remaining 50 of the
founder shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger,
stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash,
securities or other property. 

With certain limited exceptions,
the private shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with or related to our founders, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination. 

Our initial stockholders
have further agreed not to transfer any founder shares and private shares directly or indirectly to any non-U.S. person during the applicable
lock-up period. 

Preferred Stock 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board
of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional
or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board
of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect
the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of
directors to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of
control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently
intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock
are being issued or registered in the IPO. 

4 

Warrants 

Public Stockholders Warrants 

Each warrant entitles the
registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed
below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of the IPO or 30 days after the completion of our initial
business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares
of Class A common stock. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m.,
New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated
to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant
exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the
warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with
respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon
exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to
be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions
in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled
to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any
warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such
warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 

We have agreed that as soon
as practicable, but in no event later than 30 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our
reasonable best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective,
a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants. We will use our reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus
relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the
above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such
that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at
our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a
registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws
to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption of Warrants. Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 16.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If and when the warrants
become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right on a cashless basis even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying
securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of Class A
common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in the IPO. 

We have established the last
of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium
to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant
holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common
stock may fall below the 16.50 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

5 

Redemption Procedures
and Cashless Exercise. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to
require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all
holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position,
the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would
pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess
of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The
 fair market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days
ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management
takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A
common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless
exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption.
We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business
combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, our founders and their
permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula
described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 

A holder of a warrant may
notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant,
to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s
actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A
common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If the number of outstanding
shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up
of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar
event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such
increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders
to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number
of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold
in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable
for Class A common stock) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A
common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering
is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common
stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise
or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A common stock as reported during
the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A common
stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any
time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the
holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into
which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to
satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business
combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount
of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such
event. 

6 

If the number of outstanding
shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares
of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split,
reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Whenever the number of shares
of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price
will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of
which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such
adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately
thereafter. 

In case of any reclassification
or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the
par value of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation
(other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of
the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders
of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in
the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise
of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable
upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the
holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. The warrants were
issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent, and
us. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which was filed as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K, for a complete
description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may
be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the
holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered
holders of public warrants. 

In addition, if (x) we
issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share
of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors
and, in the case of any such issuance to our founders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our
founders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent
more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the
date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share,
then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price, and the 16.50 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price
(or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised.
The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock or any voting rights until they exercise
their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise
of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

7 

Private Warrants 

The private warrants have
terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in the IPO. 

The private warrants (including
the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except as described herein). 

Rights 

Each holder of a right will
automatically receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Class A common stock consummation of our initial business combination, even if
the holder of a public right converted all shares of Class A common stocks held by him, her or it in connection with the initial business
combination or an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to our pre-initial business
combination activities. In the event we will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial business combination, each holder
of a right will automatically receive the kind and amount of securities or properties of the surviving entity that each one-tenth (1/10)
of one share of Class A common stock of the Company is entitled to receive upon consummation of the business combination. No additional
consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its Class A common stock upon consummation
of an initial business combination. The Class A common stock issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the
extent held by affiliates of ours). If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving
entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per Class A common stock consideration that
the holders of the Class A common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into Class A common stock basis. Rights holders
are not eligible to vote on or redeem in our initial business combination. 

We will not issue fractional
shares of Class A common stock in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest
whole share. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive share of Class A common stock for all of your rights
upon closing of a business combination. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and
we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor
will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and there are no contractual
penalties for failure to exchange the rights, so the rights will expire worthless. Additionally, in no event will we be required to net
cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

The rights included in the
private units (including the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of rights upon the closing of an initial business
combination) will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except
as described herein). 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within
the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be
limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent, Warrant Agent and Right Agent 

The transfer agent for our
common stock. warrant agent for our warrants and rights agent for our rights is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC.
We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC in its roles as transfer agent, warrant agent and
right agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out
of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct
or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

8 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain
requirements and restrictions relating to the IPO that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These
provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65 of our common stock. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively
beneficially own approximately 23.50 of our common stock upon the closing of the IPO, will participate in any vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor,
redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes or for working capital
purposes (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to our initial business
combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to: (i) receive funds from
the trust account; (ii) vote on any initial business combination; or (iii) vote on matters related to our pre-initial business
combination activity; 

Although we do not intend to
enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our founders, our directors or our officers, we are
not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such a business
combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a shareholder vote on our
initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons,
we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act, and will file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and
other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A under the
Exchange Act; 

Our initial business combination
must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of our assets held in
the trust account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions and interest income earned on the trust account that is released to us
to pay taxes or for working capital purposes) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If our stockholders approve
an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our
initial business combination within the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a
portion of their shares of common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to
pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and 

We will not complete our initial
business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

9 

In addition, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net
tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters 
fees and commissions. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware
Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We are subject to the provisions
of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers upon completion of the IPO. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations,
under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 

a shareholder who owns 15 
or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested shareholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested
shareholder; or 

an associate of an interested
shareholder, for three years following the date that the shareholder became an interested shareholder. 

A business combination 
includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves
the transaction that made the shareholder an interested shareholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the
transaction that resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, that shareholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock
outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date
of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and
not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested shareholder. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most
circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Our authorized but unissued
common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of
corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of
authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain
control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive forum for
certain lawsuits 

Our certificate of incorporation
requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and
employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware,
except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject
to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of
Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than
the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under
the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent
jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the shareholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service
of process on such shareholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the
application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable,
and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although
our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

10 

Our certificate of incorporation
provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange
Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

Special meeting of
stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our
stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our Chairman. 

Advance notice requirements
for shareholder proposals and director nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders
seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a shareholder s notice will need to
be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 th day
nor earlier than the close of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual
meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must
comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders 
meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making
nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action by written consent 

Subsequent to the consummation
of the IPO, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special
meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B
common stock. 

Classified Board of
Directors 

Our board of directors is
initially divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year
terms. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution
of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any
time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares
of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, provided that prior to
the consummation of our business combination, holders of Class B common stock are entitled to elect or remove all directors of the board.
Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only
by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. 

Class B Common Stock Consent Right 

For so long as any shares
of Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of
the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision our
certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change
the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required
or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice
and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding
Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at
a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted. 

11 

Securities Eligible for Future Sale 

Immediately after the
consummation of the IPO, on June 21, 2022, we had 12,777,625 shares of common stock outstanding. Of these shares, the 9,775,000 sold
in the IPO would be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares
purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the 2,443,750 founder
shares, and all 478,875 private units are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private
transactions not involving a public offering. The founder shares, private units and representative shares are subject to transfer
restrictions as set forth in the Prospectus. The founder shares and private units (including underlying securities) and working
capital units (including underlying securities) will be subject to registration rights as more fully described below. 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144,
a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock, warrants or rights for at least six months would be entitled
to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any
time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at
least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted
shares of our common stock, warrants or rights for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during
the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within
any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of shares
of Class A common stock then outstanding, which will equal 110,368 shares immediately after the IPO (or 126,688 if the underwriters
exercise their over-allotment option in full); or 

the average weekly reported
trading volume of Class A common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect
to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates under
Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information
about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former
Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available
for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers
that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition
if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities
that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities
is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities
has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter
period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

12 

at least one year has elapsed
from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not
a shell company. 

As a result, our initial
stockholders will be able to sell their founder shares, private units and representative shares including underlying securities as applicable,
pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder
shares, private units and the working capital units including any underlying securities will be entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the IPO, requiring us to register such securities
for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A common stock). The holders of the majority of
these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition,
the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the
completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415
under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

The founder shares held or
acquired by Mr. Xuedong (Tony) Tian, our CEO and Director, who is also a registered financial professional registered with FINRA and the
Managing Director and Head of Capital Markets of US Tiger, are deemed underwriters compensation by FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1) and
will be subject to a 180-day lock-up from the commencement of sales of the IPO in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). US
Tiger may not exercise its demand or piggyback registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after the commencement
of sales of the IPO and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion. We will bear the costs and expenses incurred in
connection with filing any such registration statements. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol FLFVU .
Our Class A common stock, warrants and rights are separately listed in the Nasdaq under the symbols FLFV , FLFVW 
and FLFVR , respectively. 

13 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_feutunelight.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Xuedong (Tony) Tian, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, of Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

&NegativeThickSpace; 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 
 Date: March 30, 2023 
 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 

By: 
 /s/ Xuedong (Tony) Tian 

Xuedong (Tony) Tian 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_feutunelight.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Yuanmei Ma, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, of Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

&NegativeThickSpace; 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 
 Date: March 30, 2023 
 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 

By: 
 /s/ Yuanmei Ma 

Yuanmei Ma 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_feutunelight.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby
certifies, in his capacity as an officer of Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation (the Company ), for the purposes of 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

&NegativeThickSpace; 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 
 Date: March 30, 2023 
 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 

By: 
 /s/ Xuedong (Tony) Tian 

Xuedong (Tony) Tian 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_feutunelight.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby
certifies, in his capacity as an officer of Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation (the Company ), for the purposes of 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of her knowledge: 

(1) The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

&NegativeThickSpace; 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 
 Date: March 30, 2023 
 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 
 &NegativeThickSpace; 

By: 
 /s/ Yuanmei Ma 

Yuanmei Ma 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 flfvu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 flfvu-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 flfvu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 flfvu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 flfvu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

