<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_1492298_0001492298-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>32171446</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>428075</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3739634</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12246048</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7371450</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7870076</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001492298-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221160957
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001492298-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001492298
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				272560479
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34950
		FILM NUMBER:		23648185

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18500 VON KARMAN
		STREET 2:		SUITE 550
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-393-8248

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18500 VON KARMAN
		STREET 2:		SUITE 550
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001492298-23-000006.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 sbra-20221231.htm
 10-K

sbra-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 ) 
 (Address, zip code and telephone number of Registrant) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: billion 
 As of February 14, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s 0.01 par value Common Stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Index 
 
 PART I 
 4 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 4 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 14 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 28 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 28 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 30 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 30 
 PART II 
 31 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 31 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 33 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 33 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 49 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 50 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 50 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 50 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 51 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 51 
 PART III 
 51 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 51 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 51 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 51 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 51 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 52 
 PART IV 
 53 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 53 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 56 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F- 1 

1 

References throughout this document to Sabra, we, our, ours and us refer to Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. and its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries and not any other person. 
 STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this 10-K contain forward-looking information as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements that do not relate to historical or current facts or matters are forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include all statements regarding our expected future financial position, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financing plans, business strategy, tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities (as defined below), the expected amounts and timing of dividends and other distributions, projected expenses and capital expenditures, competitive position, growth opportunities, potential investments, potential dispositions, plans and objectives for future operations, and compliance with and changes in governmental regulations. You can identify some of the forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking words such as anticipate, believe, plan, estimate, expect, intend, should, may and other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. 
 Our actual results may differ materially from those projected or contemplated by our forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, among others, the following: 
 pandemics or epidemics, including COVID-19, and the related impact on our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities; 
 increased labor costs and historically low unemployment; 
 increases in market interest rates and inflation; 
 operational risks with respect to our Senior Housing - Managed communities; 
 competitive conditions in our industry; 
 the loss of key management personnel; 
 uninsured or underinsured losses affecting our properties; 
 potential impairment charges and adjustments related to the accounting of our assets; 
 the potential variability of our reported rental and related revenues as a result of Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-02, Leases, as amended by subsequent ASUs; 
 risks associated with our investment in our unconsolidated joint ventures; 
 catastrophic weather and other natural or man-made disasters, the effects of climate change on our properties and a failure to implement sustainable and energy-efficient measures; 
 increased operating costs and competition for our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities; 
 increased healthcare regulation and enforcement; 
 our tenants dependency on reimbursement from governmental and other third-party payor programs; 
 the effect of our tenants, operators or borrowers declaring bankruptcy or becoming insolvent; 
 our ability to find replacement tenants and the impact of unforeseen costs in acquiring new properties; 
 the impact of litigation and rising insurance costs on the business of our tenants; 
 the impact of required regulatory approvals of transfers of healthcare properties; 
 environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with real estate properties we own; 
 our tenants , borrowers or operators failure to adhere to applicable privacy and data security laws, or a material breach of our or our tenants , borrowers or operators information technology; 
 our concentration in the healthcare property sector, particularly in skilled nursing/transitional care facilities and senior housing communities, which makes our profitability more vulnerable to a downturn in a specific sector than if we were investing in multiple industries; 
 the significant amount of and our ability to service our indebtedness; 
 covenants in our debt agreements that may restrict our ability to pay dividends, make investments, incur additional indebtedness and refinance indebtedness on favorable terms; 
 adverse changes in our credit ratings; 
 our ability to make dividend distributions at expected levels; 
 our ability to raise capital through equity and debt financings; 
 changes and uncertainty in macroeconomic conditions and disruptions in the financial markets; 
 risks associated with our ownership of property outside the U.S., including currency fluctuations; 
 the relatively illiquid nature of real estate investments; 
 our ability to maintain our status as a real estate investment trust REIT under the federal tax laws; 
 compliance with REIT requirements and certain tax and tax regulatory matters related to our status as a REIT; 
 changes in tax laws and regulations affecting REITs; 
 2 

the ownership limits and takeover defenses in our governing documents and under Maryland law, which may restrict change of control or business combination opportunities; and 
 the exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws. 
 We urge you to carefully consider these risks and review the additional disclosures we make concerning risks and other factors that may materially affect the outcome of our forward-looking statements and our future business and operating results, including those made in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this 10-K, as such risk factors may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time by other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including subsequent Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. We caution you that any forward-looking statements made in this 10-K are not guarantees of future performance, events or results, and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We do not intend, and we undertake no obligation, to update any forward-looking information to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this 10-K or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, unless required by law to do so. 
 TENANT AND BORROWER INFORMATION 
 
 This 10-K includes information regarding our tenants that lease properties from us and our borrowers, most of which are not subject to SEC reporting requirements. The information related to our tenants and borrowers that is provided in this 10-K has been provided by, or derived from information provided by, such tenants and borrowers. We have not independently verified this information. We have no reason to believe that such information is inaccurate in any material respect. We are providing this data for informational purposes only. 
 3 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 We operate as a self-administered, self-managed REIT that, through our subsidiaries, owns and invests in real estate serving the healthcare industry. 
 Our primary business consists of acquiring, financing and owning real estate property to be leased to third-party tenants in the healthcare sector. We primarily generate revenues by leasing properties to tenants and owning properties operated by third-party property managers throughout the United States U.S. and Canada. 
 Our investment portfolio is primarily comprised of skilled nursing/transitional care facilities, senior housing communities Senior Housing - Leased ), behavioral health facilities, and specialty hospitals and other facilities, in each case leased to third-party operators; senior housing communities operated by third-party property managers pursuant to property management agreements Senior Housing - Managed investments in joint ventures; loans receivable; and preferred equity investments. 
 We expect to grow our investment portfolio while diversifying our portfolio by tenant, facility type and geography within the healthcare sector. We plan to achieve these objectives primarily through making investments directly or indirectly in healthcare real estate, including the development of purpose-built healthcare facilities with select developers. We also intend to achieve our objective of diversifying our portfolio by tenant and facility type through select asset sales and other arrangements with our tenants. 
 We employ a disciplined approach in our healthcare real estate investment strategy by investing in assets that provide attractive opportunities for dividend growth and appreciation of asset values, while maintaining balance sheet strength and liquidity, thereby creating long-term stockholder value. 
 We commenced operations on November 15, 2010, and we elected to be treated as a REIT with the filing of our U.S. federal income tax return for the taxable year beginning January 1, 2011. We believe that we have been organized and have operated, and we intend to continue to operate, in a manner to qualify as a REIT. We operate through an umbrella partnership, commonly referred to as an UPREIT structure, in which substantially all of our properties and assets are held by Sabra Health Care Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ), of which we are the sole general partner and a wholly owned subsidiary of ours is currently the only limited partner, or by subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership. 
 We maintain a website at www.sabrahealth.com . Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act are made available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such information has been filed or furnished with the SEC. 
 Our Industry 
 We operate as a REIT that holds investments in income-producing healthcare facilities located in the U.S. and Canada. We invest primarily in the U.S. nursing home industry, including skilled nursing and transitional care facilities, the U.S. and Canadian senior housing industry, which includes independent living, assisted living, memory care and continuing care retirement communities, select behavioral health and addiction treatment centers, and acute care and other hospitals. The primary growth drivers of the nursing home and senior housing industries an aging population and longer life expectancies present attractive investment opportunities for us. According to the 2017 National Population Projections published by the U.S. Census Bureau, the number of Americans age 75 and older is projected to grow at a compounded annual growth rate of 3.7 between 2016 and 2025. Further, life expectancy is expected to increase to 81.7 years in 2030 from 79.7 years in 2017. In addition, the National Investment Center for Seniors Housing and Care, a leading industry data provider, estimates that as of the fourth quarter of 2019, only 10.3 of nursing home and senior housing properties were owned by publicly traded REITs. The highly-fragmented nature of the skilled nursing and senior housing industries presents additional investment opportunities. 
 Demand for senior housing is expected to increase as a result of an aging population and an increase in acuity across the post-acute landscape. Cost containment measures adopted by the federal government have encouraged patient treatment in more cost-effective settings, such as skilled nursing facilities. As a result, high acuity patients that previously would have been treated in long-term acute care hospitals and inpatient rehabilitation facilities are increasingly being treated in skilled nursing facilities. According to the National Health Expenditure Projections for 2021-2030 published by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid 
 4 

Services CMS ), nursing home expenditures are projected to grow from approximately 182 billion in 2021 to approximately 273 billion in 2030, representing a compounded annual growth rate of 4.6 . This focus on high acuity patients in skilled nursing facilities has resulted in the typical senior housing resident requiring more assistance with activities for daily living, such as assistance with bathing, grooming, dressing, eating, and medication management; however, many older senior housing communities were not built to accommodate a resident who has more needs as well as increased mobility and cognitive issues than in the past. We believe that these trends will create an emphasis on operators who can effectively adapt their operating model to accommodate the changing nursing home patient and senior housing resident and will result in increased demand for purpose-built properties that are complementary to this new system of healthcare delivery. 
 The hospital industry is broadly defined to include addiction treatment centers and acute care, long-term acute care, rehabilitation and behavioral hospitals. Hospital services comprise one of the largest categories of healthcare expenditures. According to the CMS National Health Expenditure Projections for 2021-2030, hospital care expenditures are projected to grow from approximately 1.3 trillion in 2021 to approximately 2.2 trillion in 2030, representing a compounded annual growth rate of 5.7 . According to the 2021 National Survey on Drug Use and Health, addiction and mental illness are ongoing public health crises in the U.S. with approximately 44 million people classified as needing substance abuse treatment but less than 10 receiving such treatment and approximately 14 million people identified with serious mental illness but less than 50 receiving treatment, including inpatient or outpatient mental health services, prescription medication for a mental health issue or virtual (i.e., telehealth) services. Hospitals offer a wide range of services, both inpatient and outpatient, in a variety of settings. We believe that demand will increase for innovative means of delivering those services and present additional investment opportunities. 
 While the factors described above indicate projected growth for our industry, increases in interest rates, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, high inflation and increased volatility in public equity and fixed income markets have led to increased costs and limited the availability of capital. In addition, COVID-19 has negatively impacted operators and generally resulted in decreased occupancy and increased labor costs. It is difficult to predict the duration of the effects of these economic and market conditions and of COVID-19 on the industry. 
 We compete for real property investments with other REITs, investment companies, private equity and hedge fund investors, sovereign funds, healthcare operators, lenders and other investors. Some of our competitors are significantly larger and have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we do. Increased competition makes it more challenging to identify and successfully capitalize on acquisition opportunities that meet our investment objectives. Our ability to compete is also impacted by national and local economic trends, availability of investment alternatives, availability and cost of capital, construction and renovation costs, existing laws and regulations, new legislation and population trends. 
 In addition, revenues from our properties are dependent on the ability of our tenants and Senior Housing - Managed communities to compete with other healthcare operators. These operators compete on a local and regional basis for residents and patients, and the operators ability to successfully attract and retain residents and patients depends on key factors such as the number of facilities in the local market, the types of services available, the quality of care, reputation, age and appearance of each facility, and the cost of care in each locality. Private, federal and state payment programs and the effect of other laws and regulations may also have a significant impact on the ability of our tenants and Senior Housing - Managed communities to compete successfully for residents and patients at the properties. 
 Portfolio of Healthcare Investments 
 We have a geographically diverse portfolio of healthcare investments across the U.S. and Canada that offer a range of services including skilled nursing/transitional care, assisted and independent living, memory care and select behavioral health and addiction treatment centers and hospitals. As of December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio consisted of 402 real estate properties held for investment, one investment in a sales-type lease, 12 investments in loans receivable, seven preferred equity investments and three investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. Of our 402 properties held for investment as of December 31, 2022, we owned fee title to 397 properties and title under ground leases for five properties. 
 Our portfolio consisted of the following types of healthcare facilities as of December 31, 2022: 
 Skilled Nursing/Transitional Care Facilities 
 Skilled nursing facilities. Skilled nursing facilities provide services that include daily nursing, therapeutic rehabilitation, social services, activities, housekeeping, nutrition, medication management and administrative services for individuals requiring certain assistance for activities in daily living. A typical skilled nursing facility includes mostly one and two bed units, each equipped with a private or shared bathroom and community dining facilities. 
 5 

Transitional care facilities/units. Transitional care facilities/units are licensed nursing facilities or distinct units within a licensed nursing facility that provide short term, intensive, high acuity nursing and medical services. These facilities tend to focus on delivering specialized treatment to patients with cardiac, neurological, pulmonary, orthopedic, and renal conditions. Length of service is typically 30 days or less with the majority of patients returning to prior living arrangements and functional abilities. Generally, transitional care facilities/units provide services to Medicare, managed care and commercial insurance patients. 
 Senior Housing Communities 
 
 Independent living communities. Independent living communities are age-restricted multi-family properties with central dining facilities that provide services that include security, housekeeping, activities, nutrition and limited laundry services. Our independent living communities are designed specifically for independent seniors who are able to live on their own, but desire the security and conveniences of community living. Independent living communities typically offer several services covered under a regular monthly fee. 
 Assisted living communities. Assisted living communities provide services that include assistance for activities in daily living and permit residents to maintain some of their privacy and independence as they do not require constant supervision and assistance. Services bundled within one regular monthly fee usually include three meals per day in a central dining room, daily housekeeping, laundry, medical reminders and 24-hour availability of assistance with the activities of daily living, such as eating, dressing and bathing. Professional nursing and healthcare services are usually available at the community on call or at regularly scheduled times. Assisted living communities typically are comprised of studios and one- and two-bedroom suites equipped with private bathrooms and efficiency kitchens. 
 Memory care communities. Memory care communities offer specialized options, services and clinical programs for individuals with Alzheimer s disease and other forms of dementia. Purpose-built memory care communities offer a more residential environment than offered in a secured unit of a nursing facility. These communities offer dedicated care and specialized programming from specially trained staff for various conditions relating to memory loss in a secured environment that is typically smaller in scale and more residential in nature than traditional assisted living communities. Residents require a higher level of care, a secure environment, customized therapeutic recreation programs and more assistance with activities of daily living than in assisted living communities. Therefore, these communities have staff available 24 hours a day to respond to the unique needs of their residents. 
 Continuing care retirement communities. Continuing care retirement communities, or CCRCs, provide, as a continuum of care, the services described above for independent living communities, assisted living communities, memory care communities and skilled nursing facilities in an integrated campus. 
 Behavioral Health Facilities 
 Addiction treatment centers. Addiction treatment centers provide treatment services for chemical dependence and substance addictions, which may include inpatient care, outpatient care, medical detoxification, therapy and counseling. 
 Behavioral hospitals. Behavioral hospitals provide inpatient and outpatient care for patients with mental health conditions, chemical dependence or substance addictions. 
 Specialty Hospitals and Other Facilities 
 Acute care hospitals. Acute care hospitals provide emergency room, inpatient and outpatient medical care and other related services for surgery, acute medical conditions or injuries (usually for a short-term illness or condition). 
 Long-term acute care hospitals. Long-term acute care hospitals provide care for patients with complex medical conditions that require longer stays and more intensive care, monitoring or emergency back-up than that available in most skilled nursing facilities. 
 Rehabilitation hospitals. Rehabilitation hospitals provide inpatient and outpatient care for patients who have sustained traumatic injuries or illnesses, such as spinal cord injuries, strokes, head injuries, orthopedic problems, work-related disabilities and neurological diseases. 
 Residential services facilities. Residential services facilities provide services in home and community-based settings, which may include assistance with activities of daily living. 
 6 

Other facilities. Other facilities include facilities other than those described above that are not classified as skilled nursing/transitional care, senior housing or behavioral health. 
 Geographic and Property Type Diversification 
 The following tables display the geographic concentration by property type and by investment and the distribution of beds/units for our real estate held for investment as of December 31, 2022 and exclude our unconsolidated joint ventures which consist of 172 facilities and 8,694 units (dollars in thousands): 
 Geographic Concentration Property Type Location Skilled Nursing / Transitional Care Senior Housing - Leased Senior Housing - Managed Consolidated Behavioral Health Specialty Hospitals and Other Total of Total Texas 36 5 6 13 60 14.9 California 24 2 3 1 30 7.5 Kentucky 25 1 1 1 28 7.0 Oregon 15 1 3 19 4.7 Indiana 12 4 1 2 19 4.7 Washington 15 2 17 4.2 North Carolina 13 2 15 3.7 Missouri 12 1 1 14 3.5 Massachusetts 12 12 3.0 Michigan 1 6 4 11 2.8 Other (31 states Canada) 99 30 38 10 177 44.0 Total 264 47 59 17 15 402 100.0 of Total 65.7 11.7 14.7 4.2 3.7 100.0 
 Distribution of Beds/Units Property Type Location Total Number of Properties Skilled Nursing / Transitional Care Senior Housing - Leased Senior Housing - Managed Consolidated Behavioral Health Specialty Hospitals and Other Total of Total Texas 60 4,419 470 856 325 6,070 15.2 Kentucky 28 2,598 142 60 40 2,840 7.1 California 30 2,058 160 313 27 2,558 6.4 Indiana 19 1,411 545 169 138 2,263 5.7 Oregon 19 1,520 215 162 1,897 4.7 Washington 17 1,591 165 1,756 4.4 North Carolina 15 1,454 237 1,691 4.2 New York 10 1,566 107 1,673 4.2 Massachusetts 12 1,469 1,469 3.7 Virginia 10 894 128 118 1,140 2.8 Other (31 states Canada) 182 10,156 2,050 3,968 454 16,628 41.6 Total 402 29,136 3,550 5,942 965 392 39,985 100.0 of Total 72.9 8.9 14.8 2.4 1.0 100.0 
 
 7 

Geographic Concentration Investment (1) 
 Property Type Location Total Number of Properties Skilled Nursing / Transitional Care Senior Housing - Leased Senior Housing - Managed Consolidated Behavioral Health Specialty Hospitals and Other Total of Total Texas 60 355,577 55,818 185,251 187,387 784,033 13.4 California 30 435,612 57,995 217,764 7,743 719,114 12.3 Oregon 19 261,316 33,002 53,887 348,205 5.9 Indiana 19 158,666 119,208 37,624 12,155 327,653 5.6 New York 10 297,637 20,417 318,054 5.4 Kentucky 28 245,797 23,668 9,374 30,313 309,152 5.3 Washington 17 189,251 38,681 227,932 3.9 Maryland 8 195,787 195,787 3.3 North Carolina 15 124,448 70,969 195,417 3.3 Arizona 5 10,348 39,180 121,757 171,285 2.9 Other (31 states Canada) (2) 
 191 1,121,130 348,650 701,279 104,093 2,275,152 38.7 Total 402 3,385,221 590,694 1,205,283 465,143 225,443 5,871,784 100.0 of Total 57.7 10.1 20.5 7.9 3.8 100.0 
 (1) Represents the undepreciated book value of our real estate held for investment as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Investment balance in Canada is based on the exchange rate as of December 31, 2022 of 0.7383 per 1 CAD. 
 
 Loans Receivable and Other Investments 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our loans receivable and other investments consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 Investment Quantity as of December 31, 2022 Property Type Principal Balance as of December 31, 2022 (1) 
 Book Value as of December 31, 2022 Book Value as of December 31, 2021 Weighted Average Contractual Interest Rate / Rate of Return Weighted Average Annualized Effective Interest Rate / Rate of Return Maturity Date as of December 31, 2022 Loans Receivable: Mortgage 2 Behavioral Health 319,000 319,000 309,000 7.6 7.6 11/01/26 - 01/31/27 Construction 3,347 Other 10 Multiple 51,364 47,936 36,028 7.1 6.6 02/03/23 - 08/31/28 12 370,364 366,936 348,375 7.6 7.5 Allowance for loan losses (6,611) (6,344) 370,364 360,325 342,031 Other Investments: Preferred Equity 7 Skilled Nursing / Senior Housing 50,902 51,071 57,055 10.8 10.8 N/A Total 19 421,266 411,396 399,086 8.0 7.9 
 (1) Principal balance includes amounts funded and accrued unpaid interest / preferred return and excludes capitalizable fees. 
 Significant Credit Concentrations 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, no tenant relationship represented 10 or more of our total revenues. 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Concentration of Credit Risk in Part II, Item 7 for additional information, including risks and uncertainties, regarding tenant concentration. 
 8 

Investment Financing Strategy 
 We expect that future investments in properties, including any improvements or renovations of current or newly-acquired properties, will depend on and will be financed, in whole or in part, by our existing cash, borrowings available to us under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) and proceeds from issuances of common stock, preferred stock, debt or other securities. In addition, we may seek financing from U.S. government agencies, including through Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development HUD ), in appropriate circumstances in connection with acquisitions. We also use derivative instruments in the normal course of business to mitigate interest rate and foreign currency risk. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 We believe the following competitive strengths contribute significantly to our success: 
 Diverse Property Portfolio 
 Our portfolio of 402 properties held for investment as of December 31, 2022 is broadly diversified by location across the U.S. and Canada. Our properties in any one state or province did not account for more than 16 of our total beds/units as of December 31, 2022. Our geographic diversification will limit the effect of a decline in any one regional market on our overall performance. We have also been able to diversify, through acquisitions and dispositions, the extent to which our revenues are dependent on our tenants , borrowers and equity investees revenues from federal, state and local government reimbursement programs. 
 Long-Term, Triple-Net Lease Structure 
 As of December 31, 2022, the substantial majority of our real estate properties held for investment (excluding 59 Senior Housing - Managed communities) were leased under triple-net operating leases with expirations ranging from less than one year to 20 years, pursuant to which the tenants are responsible for all facility maintenance, code compliance, insurance required in connection with the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties, taxes levied on or with respect to the leased properties and all utilities and other services necessary or appropriate for the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties. As of December 31, 2022, the leases had a weighted-average remaining term of seven years. The leases generally include provisions to extend the lease terms and other negotiated terms and conditions. We, through our subsidiaries, retain substantially all of the risks and benefits of ownership of the real estate assets leased to tenants. We may receive additional security under these operating leases in the form of letters of credit and security deposits from the lessee or guarantees from the parent of the lessee. In addition, certain of our tenants have deposited amounts with us for future real estate taxes, insurance expenditures and tenant improvements related to our properties and their operations. 
 Senior Housing - Managed Structure 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our real estate properties held for investment included 59 Senior Housing - Managed communities operated by 12 third-party property managers pursuant to property management agreements. The Senior Housing - Managed structure gives us direct exposure to the risks and benefits of the operations of the communities. We generally utilize the Senior Housing - Managed structure when properties present growth opportunities that may be achievable through capital investment and/or property managers providing scale, operating efficiencies and/or ancillary services. The third-party property managers manage our communities in exchange for the receipt of a management fee, and as such, we are not directly exposed to the credit risk of the property managers in the same manner or to the same extent as we are to our triple-net tenants. However, we rely on the property managers personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our communities efficiently and effectively. We also rely on the property managers to set appropriate resident fees and otherwise operate our communities in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. 
 Strong Relationships with Operators 
 The members of our management team have developed an extensive network of relationships with qualified local, regional and national operators of skilled nursing/transitional care facilities and senior housing communities across the U.S. and Canada. This extensive network has been built by our management team through more than 100 years of combined operating experience, involvement in industry trade organizations and the development of banking relationships and investor relations within the skilled nursing and senior housing industries. We believe these strong relationships with operators help us to source investment opportunities. 
 9 

Our relationships with operators include pipeline agreements that we have entered into with certain operators that provide for the acquisition of, and interim capital commitments for, various healthcare facilities. These pipeline agreements, together with repeat transactions with other operators, help support our future growth potential by providing additional investment opportunities with lower acquisition costs than would be required for investments with new operators. 
 Ability to Identify Talented Operators 
 As a result of our management team s operating experience, network of relationships and industry insight, we have been able and expect to continue to be able to identify qualified local, regional and national operators. We seek operators who possess local market knowledge, demonstrate hands-on management, have proven track records, and focus on quality care and clinical outcomes. These operators are often located in secondary markets, which generally have lower costs to build and favorable demographics as demonstrated by the fact that the percentage of the population over the age of 65 is greater in the markets where we have invested than in the U.S. as a whole. We believe our management team s experience gives us a key competitive advantage in objectively evaluating an operator s financial position, focus on care and operating efficiency. 
 Significant Experience in Proactive Asset Management 
 The members of our management team have significant experience developing systems to collect and evaluate data relating to the underlying operational and financial success of healthcare companies and healthcare-related real estate assets. We are able to utilize this experience and expertise to provide our tenants, when requested, with assistance in the areas of marketing, development, facility expansion and strategic planning. We also use information technology that allows us to efficiently and effectively collect tenant, financial, asset management and acquisitions information. Leveraging this allows us to be lean in our operations and proactive in sharing information with our tenants where we can be helpful to them. We actively monitor the operating results of our tenants, and, when requested, we offer support to our operators to identify and capitalize on opportunities to improve the operations of our facilities and the overall financial and operating strength of our operators. 
 Business Strategies 
 We pursue business strategies focused on opportunistic acquisitions and property diversification where such acquisitions meet our investing and financing strategy. We also intend to continue to curate our portfolio to optimize diversification and financial performance, and to maintain a mix of assets well-positioned for the future of healthcare delivery. 
 The key components of our business strategies include: 
 Diversify Asset Portfolio 
 We expect to grow our investment portfolio while diversifying our portfolio by tenant, facility type and geography within the healthcare sector. We plan to achieve these objectives primarily through making investments directly or indirectly in healthcare real estate, including the development of purpose-built healthcare facilities with select developers. We also intend to achieve our objective of diversifying our portfolio by tenant and facility type through select asset sales and other arrangements with our tenants. 
 We expect to grow our portfolio primarily through the acquisition of assisted living, independent living and memory care communities in the U.S. and Canada and through the acquisition of skilled nursing/transitional care, addiction treatment centers and behavioral health facilities in the U.S. We have and expect to continue to opportunistically acquire other types of healthcare real estate, originate financing secured directly or indirectly by healthcare facilities and invest in the development of senior housing communities and skilled nursing/transitional care facilities. We also expect to expand our portfolio through the development of purpose-built healthcare facilities through pipeline agreements and other arrangements with select developers. We further expect to work with existing operators to identify strategic development opportunities. These opportunities may involve replacing, renovating or expanding facilities in our portfolio that may have become less competitive and new development opportunities that present attractive risk-adjusted returns. In addition to pursuing acquisitions with triple-net leases, we expect to continue to pursue other forms of investment, including investments in Senior Housing - Managed communities, mezzanine and secured debt investments, and joint ventures for senior housing communities and skilled nursing/transitional care facilities. We also expect to continue to enhance the strength of our investment portfolio by selectively disposing of or repositioning underperforming facilities or working with new or existing operators to transfer underperforming but promising properties to new or other existing operators. 
 With respect to our debt and preferred equity investments, in general, we originate loans and make preferred equity investments when an attractive investment opportunity is presented and (a) the property is in or near the development phase, (b) the development of the property is completed but the operations of the facility are not yet stabilized or (c) the loan investment will provide capital to existing relationships. A key component of our development strategy related to loan originations and 
 10 

preferred equity investments is having the option to purchase the underlying real estate that is owned by our borrowers (and that directly or indirectly secures our loan investments) or by the entity in which we have an investment. These options become exercisable upon the occurrence of various criteria, such as the passage of time or the achievement of certain operating goals, and the method to determine the purchase price upon exercise of the option is set in advance based on the same valuation methods we use to value our investments in healthcare real estate. This proprietary development pipeline strategy allows us to diversify our revenue streams and build relationships with operators and developers, and provides us with the option to add new properties to our existing real estate portfolio if we determine that those properties enhance our investment portfolio and stockholder value at the time the options are exercisable. 
 Maintain Balance Sheet Strength and Liquidity 
 We seek to maintain a capital structure that provides the resources and flexibility to support the growth of our business. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 852.3 million in liquidity, consisting of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of 49.3 million and available borrowings under our Prior Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) of 803.0 million. The Credit Agreement (as defined below) also contains an accordion feature that can increase the total available borrowings to 2.75 billion, subject to terms and conditions. 
 We have filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC that expires in November 2025, which allows us to offer and sell shares of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, rights, units, and certain of our subsidiaries to offer and sell debt securities, through underwriters, dealers or agents or directly to purchasers, on a continuous or delayed basis, in amounts, at prices and on terms we determine at the time of the offering, subject to market conditions. 
 We intend to maintain a mix of Revolving Credit Facility debt, term loan debt, secured debt and unsecured term debt, which, together with our anticipated asset sales as well as our anticipated ability to complete future equity financings, we expect will fund the growth of our operations. Further, we may opportunistically seek access to U.S. government agency financing, including through Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and HUD, in appropriate circumstances in connection with acquisitions. 
 Develop New Investment Relationships 
 We seek to cultivate our relationships with tenants and healthcare providers in order to expand the mix of tenants operating our properties and, in doing so, to reduce our dependence on any single tenant or operator. As of December 31, 2022, we had 73 relationships. We expect to continue to develop new investment relationships as part of our overall strategy to acquire new properties and further diversify our overall portfolio of healthcare properties. 
 Capital Source to Underserved Operators 
 We believe that there is a significant opportunity to be a capital source to healthcare operators through the acquisition of healthcare properties that are consistent with our investment and financing strategy, but that, due to size and other considerations, are not a focus for other healthcare REITs. We utilize our management team s operating experience, network of relationships and industry insight to identify financially strong and growing operators in need of capital funding for future growth. In appropriate circumstances, we may negotiate with operators to acquire individual healthcare properties from those operators and then lease those properties back to the operators pursuant to long-term triple-net leases or refinance new projects. 
 Strategic Capital Improvements 
 We intend to continue to support our tenants by providing capital to them for a variety of purposes, including for capital expenditures and facility modernization. We expect to structure the majority of these investments as either lease amendments that produce additional rents or as loans that are repaid by our tenants during the applicable lease term. 
 Pursue Strategic Development Opportunities 
 We expect to work with existing operators to identify strategic development opportunities. These opportunities may involve replacing, renovating or expanding facilities in our portfolio that may have become less competitive and new development opportunities that present attractive risk-adjusted returns. In addition to pursuing acquisitions with triple-net leases, we expect to continue to pursue other forms of investment, including investments in Senior Housing - Managed communities, mezzanine and secured debt investments, and joint ventures for senior housing and skilled nursing/transitional care facilities. 
 11 

Human Capital Matters 
 Experienced Management Team 
 Our management team has extensive healthcare and real estate experience. Richard K. Matros, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chair of Sabra, has more than 30 years of experience in the acquisition, development and disposition of healthcare assets, including nine years at Sun Healthcare Group, Inc. Michael Costa, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Executive Vice President of Sabra, is a finance professional with more than 20 years of experience in commercial real estate finance and accounting. Talya Nevo-Hacohen, Chief Investment Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President of Sabra, is a real estate finance executive with more than 25 years of experience in real estate finance, acquisition and development, including three years of experience managing and implementing the capital markets strategy of an S P 500 healthcare REIT. Through years of public company experience, our management team also has extensive experience accessing both debt and equity capital markets to fund growth and maintain a flexible capital structure. 
 Team Members and Equal Opportunity 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 42 full-time employees (our team members), including our executive officers, none of whom is subject to a collective bargaining agreement. As of December 31, 2022, women comprised 55 of our workforce and 64 of our management level/leadership roles. As of December 31, 2022, 33 of our team members self-identified as being members of one or more ethnic minorities. We believe our ethnic diversity is higher than this reported percentage as another 17 of our team members chose not to self-identify. We believe that a diverse workforce is essential to our continued success, and we strive to maintain a fair, healthy and safe workplace, while creating a work environment that promotes diversity, equality and inclusion for our team members. Our workforce reflects diverse gender, ethnicity, age and cultural backgrounds. 
 We recognize that attracting and retaining talent at all levels is vital to continuing our success and, in many ways, is our most critical asset. We ensure our team members receive competitive salaries and benefits, and we aim to attract professionals who will uphold our values of social and environmental stewardship. We promote the work-life balance of our team members, we invest in our team members through high-quality benefits and meaningful health and wellness initiatives, and we have created a healthy work environment in our office to incentivize and engage our team members. The health and safety of our team members is an important consideration for us, and in light of COVID-19, we have accommodated flexible work from home arrangements, extended hardship benefits and provided assistance for dependent care costs to preserve the health and well-being of our team members and their families. 
 We believe that when we create a workplace where our team members are engaged, committed and empowered for the long-term, we are better positioned to create value for our company, as well as for our stockholders. We gauge our team members level of engagement and satisfaction through general surveys as well as subject-driven focus surveys regarding topics including company culture and the impact of COVID-19 and working from home. Based on feedback received, we identify areas for improvement and action items to be implemented. Our performance management initiative helps us proactively plan for our team members evolving roles and address the current and future needs of our business. The initiative employs 360-degree assessments and focuses on aligning our talent strategy with our business strategy and identifies skills that may be required to meet our future business needs. We also seek to ensure that our team members have opportunities to interact with our accomplished board of directors and accordingly invite all of our team members to our quarterly board of directors dinner events. 
 We support volunteerism, organizing opportunities for our team members as a group to volunteer within the community. In order to support engagement and team building, various company events, including life event celebrations, dinners and other social outings, are held regularly throughout the year, as well as an annual all team member retreat. 
 Government Regulation 
 Our tenants are subject to extensive and complex federal, state and local healthcare laws and regulations, including anti-kickback, anti-fraud and abuse provisions codified under the Social Security Act. These provisions prohibit certain business practices and relationships that might affect the provision and cost of healthcare services reimbursable under Medicare and Medicaid. Sanctions for violating these anti-kickback, anti-fraud and abuse provisions include criminal penalties, civil sanctions, fines and possible exclusion from government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. If a facility is decertified as a Medicare or Medicaid provider by CMS or a state, the facility will not thereafter be reimbursed for caring for residents that are covered by Medicare and Medicaid, and the facility would be forced to care for such residents without being reimbursed or to transfer such residents. 
 12 

Most of our tenants skilled nursing/transitional care, assisted living and mental health facilities are licensed under applicable state law. Most of our skilled nursing/transitional care facilities and mental health facilities are certified or approved as providers under the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Some of our assisted living facilities are certified or approved as providers under various state Medicaid and/or Medicaid waiver programs. Similarly, the operators of our specialty hospitals must meet the applicable conditions of participation established by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and comply with state and local laws and regulations in order to receive Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement. State and local agencies survey all skilled nursing/transitional care facilities and some assisted living facilities on a regular basis to determine whether such facilities are in compliance with governmental operating and health standards and conditions for participation in government sponsored third party payor programs. Under certain circumstances, the federal and state agencies have the authority to take adverse actions against a facility or service provider, including the imposition of a monitor, the imposition of monetary penalties and the decertification of a facility or provider from participation in the Medicare and/or Medicaid/Medicaid waiver programs or licensure revocation. Challenging and appealing notices or allegations of noncompliance can require significant legal expenses and management attention. 
 Various states in which our tenants operate our facilities have established minimum staffing requirements or may establish minimum staffing requirements in the future. Failure to comply with such minimum staffing requirements may result in the imposition of fines or other sanctions. Most states in which our tenants operate have statutes requiring that prior to the addition or construction of new nursing home beds, to the addition of new services or to certain capital expenditures in excess of defined levels, the tenant first must obtain a certificate of need, which certifies that the state has made a determination that a need exists for such new or additional beds, new services or capital expenditures. The certification process is intended to promote quality healthcare at the lowest possible cost and to avoid the unnecessary duplication of services, equipment and centers. This certification process can restrict or prohibit the undertaking of a project or lengthen the period of time required to enlarge or renovate a facility or replace a tenant. 
 In addition to the above, those of our tenants who provide services that are paid for by Medicare and Medicaid are subject to federal and state budgetary cuts and constraints that limit the reimbursement levels available from these government programs. Changes to reimbursement or methods of payment from Medicare and Medicaid could result in a substantial reduction in our tenants revenues. Various healthcare reform measures became law upon the enactment of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (the Affordable Care Act and the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the 2017 Tax Act ), which amends certain provisions of the Affordable Care Act. The recent Presidential and Congressional elections in the U.S. could result in further changes. Amendments to, repeal of or legal challenges to the Affordable Care Act and regulatory changes could impose further limitations on government payments to our tenants. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Skilled Nursing Facility Reimbursement Rates in Part II, Item 7 for additional information. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our subsidiaries owned eight healthcare facilities (five senior housing communities and three skilled nursing/transitional care facilities) with mortgage loans that are guaranteed by HUD. Those facilities are subject to the rules and regulations of HUD, including periodic inspections by HUD, although the tenants of those facilities have the primary responsibility for maintaining the facilities in compliance with HUD s rules and regulations. The regulatory agreements entered into by each owner and each operator of the property restrict, among other things, any sale or other transfer of the property, modification of the lease between the owner and the operator, use of surplus cash from the property except upon certain conditions and renovations of the property, all without prior HUD approval. 
 In addition, as an owner of real property, we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. These laws and regulations address various matters, including asbestos, fuel oil management, wastewater discharges, air emissions, medical wastes and hazardous wastes. The costs of complying with these laws and regulations and the penalties for non-compliance can be substantial. For example, although we do not generally operate or actively manage our properties, we may be held primarily or jointly and severally liable for costs relating to the investigation and cleanup of any property from which there has been a release or threatened release of a regulated material as well as other affected properties, regardless of whether we knew of or caused the release. In addition to these costs, which are typically not limited by law or regulation and could exceed the property s value, we could be liable for certain other costs, including governmental fines and injuries to persons, property or natural resources. See Risk Factors Regulatory Risks Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with real estate properties owned by us may materially impair the value of those investments. in Part I, Item 1A. 
 
 13 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The following describes the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those presented in our forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face but do represent those risks and uncertainties that we believe are material to us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also harm our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Business/Operations 
 Pandemics or epidemics, including COVID-19, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 The ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have negatively impacted us and our operations and are expected to continue to impact us and our operations in 2023 and potentially beyond. As a result of decreased occupancy and increased operating costs for our tenants and borrowers, our tenants and borrowers ability to meet their obligations as they come due, including their obligation to make full and timely rental payments and debt service payments, respectively, to us has been and may continue to be impacted. In some cases, we may have to restructure our tenants long-term rent obligations and may not be able to do so on terms that are as favorable to us as those currently in place. Reduced or modified rental and debt service amounts could result in the determination that the full amounts of our investments are not recoverable, which could result in an impairment charge. The operating results of our Senior Housing - Managed portfolio and our unconsolidated joint ventures have been and may continue to be impacted as well. Prolonged deterioration in the operating results for these investments could result in the determination that the full amounts of our investments are not recoverable, which could result in an impairment charge. We may experience these or other negative effects as the result of future pandemics or epidemics as well. 
 In addition, if there are significant disruptions to our business due to COVID-19 or a future pandemic or epidemic, our credit ratings may be adversely impacted and we may breach covenants in our debt agreements and be unable to service our debt. Further, significant disruption could cause us to reduce or suspend our dividend. 
 The duration and extent of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, or a future pandemic or epidemic, on our operational and financial performance are uncertain and difficult to predict. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, we may experience adverse impacts to our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects as a result of any continuation of operational mandates on our tenants and operators caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Increased labor costs and historically low unemployment may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 The market for qualified personnel is highly competitive and our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities have experienced and may continue to experience difficulties in attracting and retaining such personnel, in particular due to a reduction in the supply of such personnel and wage increases relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and inflation. An inability to attract and retain trained personnel has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our occupancy rates, operating income and the ability of our tenants and borrowers to meet their obligations to us. A shortage of caregivers or other trained personnel, minimum staffing requirements or general inflationary pressures on wages may continue to force tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities to enhance pay and benefits packages to compete effectively for skilled personnel, or to use more expensive contract personnel, and they may be unable to offset these added costs by increasing the rates charged to residents and patients. Any further increase in labor costs or any failure by our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities to attract and retain qualified personnel could adversely affect our cash flow and have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 An increase in market interest rates could increase our interest costs on borrowings on our Revolving Credit Facility and future debt and could adversely affect our stock price. 
 Interest rates rose substantially in 2022 and may continue to rise. Increases in interest rates could increase our interest costs for borrowings on our Revolving Credit Facility and any new debt we may incur. This increased cost could make the financing of any new investments more costly. Rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing. In addition, an increase in interest rates could negatively impact the access to and cost of financing available to third parties interested in purchasing assets we may make available for sale, thereby decreasing the amount they are willing to pay for those assets, and consequently limit our ability to reposition our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. 
 14 

Inflation could adversely impact our operating expenses, as well as the operating expenses of our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities, and could rise at rates that outpace increases in rental income. 
 Increased costs due to inflation may have material adverse effects on our operating expenses, as well as the operating expenses of our tenants and borrowers and their ability to meet their obligations to us. Inflation also increases the costs for us to make capital improvements to our facilities. With respect to our Senior Housing - Managed communities, we bear the impact of any increases in costs of labor, goods and services and may not be able to pass those cost increases on to the residents in those communities, in which case the profitability of the communities will suffer, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
 We are exposed to operational risks with respect to our Senior Housing - Managed communities. 
 We are exposed to various operational risks with respect to our Senior Housing - Managed communities that may increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. These risks are similar to the ones described above and below with respect to our tenants and include fluctuations in occupancy and private pay rates; economic conditions; competition; federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards; the availability and increases in cost of general and professional liability insurance coverage; lawsuits and other legal proceedings arising out of our alleged actions or the alleged actions of our operators; state regulation and rights of residents related to entrance fees; and the availability and increases in the cost of labor (as a result of a shortage of caregivers or other trained personnel, minimum staffing requirements or general inflationary pressures on wages or otherwise). Any one or a combination of these factors may adversely affect our business, financial position or results of operations. 
 Further, our third-party operators are ultimately in control of the day-to-day business of the properties that they operate. We depend on third parties to operate these properties in a manner that complies with applicable law and regulation, minimizes legal risk and maximizes the value of our investment. The failure by these third parties to operate these properties efficiently and effectively and adequately manage the related risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Real estate is a competitive business and this competition may make it difficult for us to identify and purchase suitable healthcare properties, to finance acquisitions on favorable terms, or to retain or attract tenants. 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry and face competition from other REITs, investment companies, private equity and hedge fund investors, sovereign funds, healthcare operators, lenders and other investors, some of whom are significantly larger than us and have greater resources and lower costs of capital than we do. This competition makes it more challenging to identify and successfully capitalize on acquisition opportunities that meet our investment objectives. Similarly, our properties face competition for patients and residents from other properties in the same market, which may affect our ability to attract and retain tenants or may reduce the rents we are able to charge. If we cannot identify and purchase a sufficient quantity of healthcare properties at favorable prices, finance acquisitions on commercially favorable terms, or attract and retain profitable tenants, our business, financial position or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 If we lose our key management personnel, we may not be able to successfully manage our business and achieve our objectives. 
 Our success depends in large part upon the leadership and performance of our executive management team, particularly Mr. Matros, our President and Chief Executive Officer. If we lose the services of Mr. Matros, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives. 
 Additionally, attracting and retaining talent at all levels is vital to our continuing success. If we are unable to provide competitive salaries, benefits, or a diverse and inclusive workplace for our personnel, our business may be adversely affected. 
 We may experience uninsured or underinsured losses, which could result in a significant loss of the capital we have invested in a property, decrease anticipated future revenues or cause us to incur unanticipated expenses. 
 While our lease agreements and property management agreements require that comprehensive insurance and hazard insurance be maintained by our tenants, there are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, as well as losses caused by health pandemics including the COVID-19 pandemic, that may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. Insurance coverage may not be sufficient to pay the full current market value or current replacement cost of a loss. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations, and other factors also might make it infeasible to use insurance proceeds to replace properties after they have been damaged or destroyed. Under such circumstances, the insurance proceeds received might not be adequate to restore the economic position with respect to a damaged property. 
 15 

Our assets, including our real estate and loans, are subject to impairment charges, and our valuation and reserve estimates are based on assumptions and may be subject to adjustment. 
 Our investment portfolio consists of real estate and mortgage loans, which are subject to write-downs in value. From time to time, we close facilities and actively market such facilities for sale. To the extent we are unable to sell these properties for our book value, we may be required to take a non-cash impairment charge or loss on the sale, either of which would reduce our net income. In addition, on a recurring basis, we evaluate our real estate investments and other assets for impairment indicators, and we establish general and specific reserves for our issued loans at least quarterly. The quarterly evaluation of our investments for impairment may result in significant fluctuations in our provision for credit losses or real estate impairments from quarter to quarter, impacting our results of operations. Judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators or loan reserves are based on a number of factors, including market conditions, financial performance and legal structure, which may involve estimates. If we determine that a significant impairment has occurred, we are required to make an adjustment to the net carrying value of the asset, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our estimates of loan reserves, and other accounting estimates, are inherently uncertain and may be subject to future adjustment, leading potentially to an increase in reserves. 
 Our reported rental and related revenues may be subject to increased variability as a result of Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-02, Leases, as amended by subsequent ASUs Topic 842 ). 
 In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Topic 842, which supersedes guidance related to accounting for leases and provides for the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under previous accounting guidance. The objective of Topic 842 is to establish the principles that lessees and lessors shall apply to report useful information to users of financial statements about the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from a lease. We elected to adopt Topic 842 on January 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective transition method. Among other things, under Topic 842, if at any time we cannot determine that it is probable that substantially all rents over the life of a lease are collectible, rental revenue will be recognized only to the extent of payments received and all receivables associated with the lease will be written off, irrespective of amounts expected to be collectible. Recoveries of these amounts will be recorded in future periods upon receipt of payment. Under Topic 842, future write-offs of receivables and any recoveries of previously written-off receivables will be recorded as adjustments to rental revenue. As a result, the adoption of this new accounting standard could cause increased variability related to our reported rental and related revenues, which could increase the volatility in the market price of our common stock. 
 We are subject to risks and liabilities in connection with our investment in our unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 Our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures involve risks not present with respect to our wholly owned properties, including the following: 
 We may be unable to take specific major actions, or such actions may be delayed, if the counterparties to the joint ventures disagree with such action, due to arrangements that require us to share decision-making authority over major decisions affecting the ownership or operation of the joint ventures and any property owned by the joint ventures such as the sale or financing of the property or the making of additional capital contributions for the benefit of the property; 
 The counterparties to the joint ventures may take actions with which we disagree; 
 Our ability to sell or transfer our interest in the joint ventures on advantageous terms when we so desire may be limited or restricted under the terms of our agreements with the counterparties in the joint ventures; 
 We may be required to contribute additional capital if the counterparties in the joint ventures fail to fund their share of required capital contributions; 
 Our equity interest in the joint ventures will be adversely impacted if the joint ventures are not able to maintain compliance with the terms of the agreements underlying their indebtedness; 
 The counterparties to the joint ventures might have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, including with respect to the timing, terms and strategies for investment, which could increase the likelihood of disputes regarding the ownership, management or disposition of the properties owned by the joint ventures; 
 Disagreements with the counterparties to the joint ventures could result in litigation or arbitration that increases our expenses, distracts our officers and directors, and disrupts the day-to-day operations of the properties owned by the joint ventures, including by delaying important decisions until the dispute is resolved; and 
 16 

We may suffer losses to our investment in the joint ventures as a result of actions taken by the counterparties to the joint ventures. 
 Catastrophic weather and other natural or man-made disasters, the physical effects of climate change and a failure to implement sustainable and energy-efficient measures could affect our properties. 
 Some of our properties are located in areas susceptible to catastrophic weather and natural disasters, including fires, snow or ice storms, windstorms or hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding, or other severe conditions. These adverse weather and natural or man-made events could cause substantial damage or loss to our properties which could exceed applicable property insurance coverage. Such events could also have a material adverse impact on our tenants operations and ability to meet their obligations to us. In the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected property, as well as anticipated future revenue from that property. Any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business financial condition and results of operations. 
 Climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) property insurance on terms we find acceptable. To the extent that significant changes in the climate occur in areas where our properties are located, we may experience more frequent extreme weather events which may result in physical damage to or a decrease in demand for properties located in these areas or affected by these conditions. In addition, changes in federal and state legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties and could also require us to spend more on our new development properties without a corresponding increase in revenue. Should the impact of climate change be material in nature, including destruction of our properties, or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 As an environmentally responsible company, we strive to implement sustainable and energy-efficient measures throughout our portfolio. We engage in and discuss sustainable property management practices with our tenants and operators to identify measures that increase energy efficiency and water conservation and enhance safety and quality. If we or our tenants and operators fail to identify such measures, we may be unable to realize annual utility cost savings, which may affect our ability to maximize property and portfolio values and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Tenants, Borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed Communities 
 Increased operating costs as well as increased competition could result in lower operating income for our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities and may affect the ability of our tenants and borrowers to meet their obligations to us. 
 Because our tenants are typically required to pay all property operating expenses, increases in property-level expenses at our leased properties generally do not directly affect us. However, increased operating costs could have an adverse impact on our tenants if increases in their operating expenses exceed increases in their revenue, which may adversely affect our tenants ability to pay rent owed to us. 
 An increase in our tenants , borrowers or Senior Housing - Managed communities expenses and a failure of their revenues to increase at least with inflation could adversely impact our tenants , borrowers , Senior Housing - Managed communities and our financial condition and our results of operations. Furthermore, expenses for the facilities of our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities are primarily driven by the costs of labor, food, utilities, taxes, insurance and rent, and these operating costs continue to increase for our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities. 
 In addition, the long-term healthcare industry is highly competitive and we expect that it may become more competitive in the future. Our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities compete with other healthcare operators on a local and regional basis for residents and patients. The occupancy levels at, and results of operations from, our or our borrowers facilities are dependent on the ability of our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities to compete with other tenants and operators on a number of different levels, including the quality of care provided, reputation, the physical appearance of a facility, price, the range of services offered, family preference, amenities, alternatives for healthcare delivery, the supply of competing properties, physicians, staff, referral sources, location, and the size and demographics of the population in the surrounding area. Our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities also compete with numerous other companies providing similar healthcare services or alternatives such as home health agencies, life care at home and community-based service programs. Further, many competing companies may have resources and attributes that are superior to those of our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities. Our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities may encounter increased competition in the future that could limit their ability to attract residents or expand their businesses and therefore affect their operating income and ability to pay their lease or mortgage payments and meet their obligations to us. Private, federal and state payment programs and the effect of other laws and 
 17 

regulations may also have a significant impact on the ability of our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities to compete successfully for residents and patients at the properties. 
 Our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities may be adversely affected by increasing healthcare regulation and enforcement. 
 Over the last several years, the regulatory environment of the long-term healthcare industry has intensified both in the amount and type of regulations and in the efforts to enforce those regulations. This is particularly true for large for-profit, multi-facility providers. The extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting the healthcare industry include those relating to, among other things, licensure, conduct of operations, ownership of facilities, addition of facilities and equipment, allowable costs, services, prices for services, qualified beneficiaries, quality of care, patient rights, fraudulent or abusive behavior, and financial and other arrangements that may be entered into by healthcare providers. Changes in enforcement policies by federal and state governments have resulted in a significant increase in the number of inspections, citations of regulatory deficiencies and other regulatory sanctions, including terminations from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, bars on Medicare and Medicaid payments for new admissions, civil monetary penalties and even criminal penalties. 
 If our tenants, borrowers or Senior Housing - Managed communities fail to comply with the extensive laws, regulations and other requirements applicable to their businesses and the operation of our properties, they could become ineligible to receive reimbursement from governmental and private third-party payor programs, face bans on admissions of new patients or residents, suffer civil or criminal penalties or be required to make significant changes to their operations or face adverse publicity and reputational harm. Our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities also could be forced to expend considerable resources responding to an investigation, lawsuit or other enforcement action under applicable laws or regulations. In such event, the results of operations and financial condition of our Senior Housing - Managed communities and of our tenants and borrowers and the results of operations of our properties operated by those entities could be adversely affected, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on us. We are unable to predict future federal, state and local regulations and legislation, including the Medicare and Medicaid statutes and regulations, or the intensity of enforcement efforts with respect to such regulations and legislation, and any changes in the regulatory framework could have a material adverse effect on our tenants or borrowers, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our tenants and borrowers depend on reimbursement from governmental and other third-party payor programs, and reimbursement rates from such payors may be reduced. 
 Many of our tenants and borrowers depend on third-party payors, including Medicare, Medicaid or private third-party payors, for the majority of their revenue. The reduction in reimbursement rates from third-party payors, including insurance companies and the Medicare and Medicaid programs, or other measures reducing reimbursements for services provided by our tenants and borrowers, may result in a reduction in our tenants and borrowers revenues and operating margins. In addition, reimbursement from private third-party payors may be reduced as a result of retroactive adjustment during claims settlement processes or as a result of post-payment audits. Furthermore, new laws and regulations could impose additional limitations on government and private payments to healthcare providers. For example, our tenants and borrowers may be affected by health reform initiatives that modify certain payment systems to encourage more cost-effective care and a reduction of inefficiencies and waste (e.g., the implementation of a voluntary bundled payment program and the creation of accountable care organizations). We cannot assure you that adequate reimbursement levels will continue to be available for the services provided by our tenants and borrowers. Although moderate reimbursement rate reductions may not affect our tenants or borrowers ability to meet their financial obligations to us, significant limits on reimbursement rates or on the services reimbursed could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial position or results of operations, which could materially adversely affect their ability to meet their financial obligations to us. 
 While reimbursement rates have generally increased over the past few years, President Biden and members of the U.S. Congress may approve or propose new legislation, regulation changes and reform initiatives that could result in changes (including substantial reductions in funding) to Medicare, Medicaid or Medicare Advantage Plans. In addition, a number of states are currently managing budget deficits, which may put pressure on states to decrease reimbursement rates for our tenants and borrowers with a goal of decreasing state expenditures under their state Medicaid programs. Any such existing or future federal or state legislation relating to deficit reduction that reduces reimbursement payments to healthcare providers could have a material adverse effect on our tenants business, financial position or results of operations, which could materially adversely affect their ability to meet their financial obligations to us and could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We face potential adverse consequences of bankruptcy or insolvency by our tenants, operators, borrowers and other obligors. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our tenants, operators or borrowers could become bankrupt or insolvent. Although our lease and lending agreements provide us with the right to exercise certain remedies in the event of default on the obligations 
 18 

owing to us or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events, the bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization. For example, a lessee may reject its lease with us in a bankruptcy proceeding. In such a case, our claim against the lessee for unpaid and future rents would be limited by the statutory cap of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. This statutory cap could be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease, and any claim we have for unpaid rent might not be paid in full. In addition, a lessee may assert in a bankruptcy proceeding that its lease should be re-characterized as a financing agreement. If such a claim is successful, our rights and remedies as a lender, compared to a landlord, are generally more limited. 
 Furthermore, the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code would preclude us from enforcing our remedies unless we first obtain relief from the court having jurisdiction over the bankruptcy case. This would effectively limit or delay our ability to collect unpaid rent or interest payments, and we may ultimately not receive any payment at all. In addition, we would likely be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, insurance, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of our properties, avoid the imposition of liens on our properties or transition our properties to a new tenant. Additionally, we lease many of our properties to healthcare providers who provide long-term custodial care to the elderly. Evicting tenants for failure to pay rent while the property is occupied typically involves specific procedural or regulatory requirements and may not be successful. Even if eviction is possible, we may determine not to do so due to reputational or other risks. Bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings typically also result in increased costs to the tenant or borrower, significant management distraction and performance declines. 
 We may be unable to find a replacement tenant for one or more of our leased properties or we may be required to incur substantial renovation costs to make our healthcare properties suitable for such tenants. 
 We may need to find a replacement tenant for one or more of our leased properties for a variety of reasons, including upon the expiration of the lease term or the occurrence of a tenant default. During any period in which we are attempting to locate one or more replacement tenants, there could be a decrease or cessation of rental payments on the applicable property or properties. We cannot be sure that any of our current or future tenants will elect to renew their respective leases upon expiration of the terms thereof. Similarly, we cannot be sure that we will be able to locate a suitable replacement tenant or, if we are successful in locating a replacement tenant, that the rental payments from the new tenant would not be significantly less than the existing rental payments. Our ability to locate a suitable replacement tenant may be significantly delayed or limited by various state licensing, receivership, certificate of need or other laws, as well as by Medicare and Medicaid change-of-ownership rules. We also may incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any such licensing, receivership or change-of-ownership proceedings. Any such delays, limitations and expenses could delay or impact our ability to collect rent, obtain possession of leased properties or otherwise exercise remedies for default, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, healthcare facilities are typically highly customized and may not be easily adapted to non-healthcare-related uses. The improvements generally required to conform a property to healthcare use are costly and at times tenant-specific. A new or replacement tenant may require different features in a property, depending on that tenant s particular operations. If a current tenant is unable to pay rent and vacates a property, we may incur substantial expenditures to modify a property before we are able to secure another tenant. Our ability to make required modifications and/or renovations may involve costs associated with volatility in materials and labor prices and approvals of authorities or compliance with governmental regulations, including the Americans with Disabilities Act, which could result in increased costs and delays in transitioning a facility to a new tenant. Further, changes in federal and state legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties and could also require us or our tenants to spend more on our new development properties. These expenditures or renovations and delays could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Potential litigation and rising insurance costs may affect our tenants and borrowers ability to obtain and maintain adequate liability and other insurance and their ability to make lease or loan payments and fulfill their insurance and indemnification obligations to us. 
 Our tenants and borrowers may be subject to, and the COVID-19 pandemic has increased the potential for, lawsuits filed by advocacy groups that monitor the quality of care at healthcare facilities or by patients, facility residents or their families. Significant damage awards are possible in cases where neglect has been found. This litigation has increased our tenants and borrowers costs of monitoring and reporting quality of care and has resulted in increases in the cost of liability and medical malpractice insurance. These increased costs may materially adversely affect our tenants and borrowers ability to obtain and maintain adequate liability and other insurance; manage related risk exposures; fulfill their insurance, indemnification and other obligations to us under their leases or loan agreements, as applicable; or make lease or loan payments to us, as applicable. 
 19 

In addition, from time to time, we may be subject to claims brought against us in lawsuits and other legal proceedings arising out of our alleged actions or the alleged actions of our tenants and operators for which such tenants or operators may have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless. An unfavorable resolution of any such pending or future litigation could materially adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and have a material adverse effect on us in the event that we are not ultimately indemnified by our tenants or operators. Furthermore, negative publicity, including the ongoing publicity related to the COVID-19 pandemic, with respect to any lawsuits, claims or other legal or regulatory proceedings may also negatively impact our, our tenants , our borrowers or our operators reputations. 
 Regulatory Risks 
 Required regulatory approvals can delay or prohibit transfers of our healthcare properties, which could result in periods in which we are unable to receive rent for such properties. 
 Our tenants are operators of skilled nursing and other healthcare facilities, and accordingly must be licensed under applicable state law and, depending upon the type of facility, certified or approved as providers under the Medicare and/or Medicaid programs. Prior to the transfer of the operations of such healthcare properties to successor tenants, the new tenant generally must become licensed under state law and, in certain states, receive change-of-ownership approvals under certificate of need laws (which laws provide for a certification that the state has made a determination that a need exists for the beds located on the applicable property). If applicable, Medicare and Medicaid provider approvals may be needed as well. In the event that an existing lease is terminated or expires and a new tenant is found, then any delays in the new tenant receiving regulatory approvals from the applicable federal, state or local government agencies, or the inability of such tenant to receive such approvals, may prolong the period during which we are unable to collect the applicable rent. We could also incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any licensing, receivership or change-of-ownership proceedings. 
 Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with real estate properties owned by us may materially impair the value of those investments. 
 As an owner of real property, we or our subsidiaries are subject to various federal, state and local environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. Although we do not currently operate or manage the substantial majority of our properties, we or our subsidiaries may be held primarily or jointly and severally liable for costs relating to the investigation and clean-up of any property where there has been a release or threatened release of a hazardous regulated material as well as other affected properties, regardless of whether we knew of or caused the release. In addition to these costs, which are typically not limited by law or regulation and could exceed an affected property s value, we could be liable for certain other costs, including governmental fines and injuries to persons, property or natural resources. Further, some environmental laws provide for the creation of a lien on a contaminated site in favor of the government as security for damages and any costs the government incurs in connection with such contamination and associated clean-up. 
 Although we require our tenants and operators to undertake to indemnify us for environmental liabilities they cause, the amount of such liabilities could exceed the financial ability of the tenant or operator to indemnify us. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. 
 A failure by our tenants, borrowers or operators to adhere to applicable privacy and data security laws, or a material failure or breach of our or our tenants , borrowers or operators information technology, could harm our business. 
 Our tenants, borrowers and operators are subject to HIPAA and various other state and federal laws that relate to privacy and data security, including the reporting of data breaches involving personal information. Failure to comply with these requirements could have a materially adverse effect on our tenants, operators and borrowers and accordingly could have a materially adverse effect on our tenants and borrowers ability to meet their obligations to us and on our results of operations. Furthermore, the adoption of new privacy, security and data breach notification laws at the federal and state level could require our tenants, borrowers and operators to incur significant compliance costs. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of responding to cybersecurity incidents and implementing remediation measures could be significant. 
 We and our tenants, borrowers and operators rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including financial transactions and records, personal identifying information, tenant and lease data. While we and our tenants, borrowers and operators maintain various physical, cyber and data security controls, there is a risk of incidents or breaches resulting from technical failures, natural hazards, theft and unintentional or deliberate acts by third parties or insiders attempting to obtain unauthorized access to information, destroy or manipulate data, or disrupt or sabotage information systems. The risk of security incidents has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attacks and intrusions have increased, and we have seen a significant increase in cyber phishing attacks since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. The 
 20 

risk of security incidents has also increased with our increased dependence on the Internet while our employees work remotely due to our health and safety policies. For our tenants, borrowers and operators, the trend toward increased remote work and rapid implementation of telehealth within the healthcare industry in response to the pandemic may have created new or increased cyber risks. A data security incident or breach occurring at or involving us could have a material adverse impact on our company. A data security incident or breach occurring at or involving a tenant, borrower or operator could jeopardize the tenant s or operators ability to fulfill its obligations to us and could adversely impact our financial position and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, we purchase some of our information technology from vendors, on whom our systems depend. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of confidential tenant, borrower and operator information, some of which may include individually identifiable information, including information relating to financial accounts. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of our information systems and the data maintained in those systems, it is possible that our safety and security measures will not be able to prevent the systems improper functioning or damage, or the improper access or disclosure of personally identifiable information such as in the event of a cyber-attack. Security breaches (including physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, phishing attacks, computer denial-of-service attacks, worms, covert introduction of malware to computers and networks, impersonation of authorized users, and efforts to discover and exploit any design flaws, bugs, security vulnerabilities or security weaknesses, as well as intentional or unintentional acts by our team members or other insiders with access privileges, intentional acts of vandalism by third parties and sabotage) can create system disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Investment and Financing Risks 
 We depend on investments in the healthcare property sector, making our profitability more vulnerable to a downturn or slowdown in that specific sector than if we were investing in multiple industries. 
 We concentrate our investments in the healthcare property sector. As a result, we are subject to risks inherent to investments in a single industry, in real estate, and specifically in healthcare properties. A downturn or slowdown in the healthcare property sector would have a greater adverse impact on our business than if we had investments in multiple industries. Specifically, a downturn in the healthcare property sector could negatively impact the ability of our tenants and borrowers to meet their obligations to us, as well as the ability to maintain rental and occupancy rates. This could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, a downturn in the healthcare property sector could adversely affect the value of our properties and our ability to sell properties at prices or on terms acceptable to us. 
 We have substantial indebtedness and have the ability to incur significant additional indebtedness and other liabilities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding indebtedness of 2.5 billion, which consisted of 1.8 billion of Senior Notes (as defined below), 528.5 million in Prior Term Loans (as defined below), 197.0 million outstanding under our Prior Revolving Credit Facility and aggregate secured indebtedness to third parties of 50.1 million on certain of our properties, and we had 803.0 million available for borrowing under our Prior Revolving Credit Facility. Our high level of indebtedness may have the following important consequences to us: 
 It may increase our cost of borrowing; 
 It may limit our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate requirements; 
 It may expose us to the risk of increased interest rates under debt instruments subject to variable rates of interest, such as our Revolving Credit Facility; 
 It may adversely impact our credit ratings; 
 It may limit our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions and we may be vulnerable in the event of a downturn in general economic conditions or in the real estate and/or healthcare sectors; 
 It may place us at a competitive disadvantage against less leveraged competitors; 
 It may restrict the way in which we conduct our business because of financial and operating covenants in the agreements governing our existing and future indebtedness; 
 It may become more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations (including ongoing interest payments and, where applicable, scheduled amortization payments) with respect to the Senior Notes and our other debt; and 
 It may require us to sell assets and properties at an inopportune time. 
 21 

In addition, the Senior Notes Indentures (as defined below) permit us to incur substantial additional debt, including secured debt (to which the Senior Notes will be effectively subordinated). If we incur additional debt, the related risks described above could intensify. Furthermore, the Senior Notes Indentures do not impose any limitation on our ability to incur liabilities that are not considered indebtedness under the Senior Notes Indentures. 
 The impact of any of these potential adverse consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 
 We may be unable to service our indebtedness. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on and to refinance our indebtedness depends on and is subject to our future financial and operating performance, which in turn is affected by general and regional economic, financial, competitive, business and other factors beyond our control, including the availability of financing in the international banking and capital markets. Our business may fail to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or future borrowings may be unavailable to us under our Revolving Credit Facility or from other sources in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our debt, to refinance our debt or to fund our other liquidity needs. If we are unable to meet our debt obligations or to fund our other liquidity needs, we will need to restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt. We may be unable to refinance any of our debt, including our Term Loans (as defined below) and any amounts outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we were unable to make payments or refinance our debt or obtain new financing under these circumstances, we would have to consider other options, such as asset sales, equity issuances and/or negotiations with our lenders to restructure the applicable debt. Our Credit Agreement and the Senior Notes Indentures restrict, and market or business conditions may limit, our ability to take some or all of these actions. Any restructuring or refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants that could further restrict our business operations. 
 Covenants in our debt agreements restrict our and our subsidiaries activities and could adversely affect our business. 
 Our debt agreements, including the agreement governing our 2027 Notes (as defined below) and the Credit Agreement, contain various covenants that limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to engage in various transactions including: 
 Incurring additional secured and unsecured debt; 
 Granting liens upon certain properties; 
 Paying dividends or making other distributions on, redeeming or repurchasing capital stock; 
 Entering into transactions with affiliates; 
 Issuing stock of or interests in subsidiaries; 
 Engaging in non-healthcare related business activities; 
 Creating restrictions on the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or other amounts to us; 
 Selling assets; or 
 Effecting a consolidation or merger or selling substantially all of our assets. 
 The agreement governing our 2027 Notes also restricts us from making certain investments. The indentures governing our 2026 Notes, our 2029 Notes and our 2031 Notes (each as defined below) contain certain of the above restrictions as well. These covenants limit our operational flexibility and could prevent us from taking advantage of business opportunities as they arise, growing our business or competing effectively. In addition, the Credit Agreement requires us to comply with specified financial covenants, which include a maximum total leverage ratio, a maximum secured debt leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, a maximum unsecured leverage ratio, a minimum tangible net worth requirement and a minimum unsecured interest coverage ratio. The indentures governing our 2026 Notes, our 2029 Notes and our 2031 Notes require us to comply with an unencumbered asset ratio, and the agreement governing our 2027 Notes requires us to comply with specified financial covenants, which include a maximum leverage ratio, a maximum secured debt leverage ratio, a maximum unsecured debt leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, a minimum net worth, a minimum unsecured interest coverage ratio and a minimum unencumbered debt yield ratio. Our ability to meet these requirements may be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not meet these requirements. 
 A breach of any of the covenants or other provisions in our debt agreements could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in such debt becoming immediately due and payable. Further, certain change in control events could result in an event of default under the agreement governing our 2027 Notes. Any of these events of default, in turn, could cause our other debt to become due and payable as a result of cross-acceleration provisions contained in the agreements governing such other debt. We may be unable to maintain compliance with these covenants and, if we fail to do so, we may be unable to obtain waivers from the lenders and holders and/or amend the covenants. In the event that some or all of our debt is 
 22 

accelerated and becomes immediately due and payable, we may not have the funds to repay, or the ability to refinance, such debt. 
 Adverse changes in our credit ratings could impair our ability to obtain additional debt and equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, and negatively impact the market price of our securities, including our common stock. 
 Our credit ratings affect the amount and type of capital, as well as the terms of any financing we may obtain. Credit rating agencies continually revise their ratings for the companies that they follow, including us. The credit ratings of our debt are based on, among other things, our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position, level of indebtedness and pending or future changes in the regulatory framework applicable to our industry. The credit rating agencies also evaluate our industry as a whole and may change their credit ratings for us based on their overall view of our industry. If we are unable to maintain favorable credit ratings, we would likely incur higher borrowing costs, which would make it more difficult or expensive to obtain additional financing or refinance existing obligations and commitments. 
 Cash available for distribution to stockholders may be insufficient to make dividend distributions at expected levels and are made at the discretion of our board of directors. 
 If cash available for distribution generated by our assets decreases due to dispositions, the COVID-19 pandemic, or otherwise, we may be unable to make dividend distributions at expected levels. Our inability to make distributions commensurate with market expectations would likely result in a decrease in the market price of our common stock. Further, all distributions are made at the discretion of our board of directors in accordance with Maryland law and depend on: (i) our earnings; (ii) our financial condition; (iii) debt and equity capital available to us; (iv) our expectations for future capital requirements and operating performance; (v) restrictive covenants in our financial or other contractual arrangements; (vi) maintenance of our REIT qualification; (vii) restrictions under Maryland law; and (viii) other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. 
 Our ability to raise capital through equity financings is dependent, in part, on the market price of our common stock, which depends on market conditions and other factors affecting REITs generally. 
 Our ability to raise capital through equity financings depends, in part, on the market price of our common stock, which in turn depends on fluctuating market conditions and other factors including the following: 
 The reputation of REITs and attractiveness of their equity securities in comparison with other equity securities, including securities issued by other real estate companies; 
 Our financial performance and that of our tenants and borrowers; 
 Concentrations in our investment portfolio by tenant and property type; 
 Concerns about our tenants or borrowers financial condition, including as a result of uncertainty regarding reimbursement from governmental and other third-party payor programs; 
 Our ability to meet or exceed investor expectations of prospective investment and earnings targets; 
 The contents of analyst reports about us and the REIT industry; 
 Changes in interest rates on fixed-income securities, which may lead prospective investors to demand a higher annual yield from investments in our common stock; 
 Maintaining or increasing our dividend, which is determined by our board of directors and depends on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, capital requirements, debt covenants (which include limits on distributions by us), applicable law, and other factors as our board of directors deems relevant; and 
 Regulatory action and changes in REIT tax laws. 
 The market value of a REIT s equity securities is generally based upon the market s perception of the REIT s growth potential and its current and potential future earnings and cash distributions. If we fail to meet the market s expectation with regard to future earnings and cash distributions, the market price of our common stock could decline, and our ability to raise capital through equity financings could be materially adversely affected. 
 Changes and uncertainty in macroeconomic conditions and disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect the value of our real estate investments and our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Concerns over economic recession, the COVID-19 pandemic, interest rate increases, policy priorities of the U.S. presidential administration, trade wars, labor shortages or inflation may contribute to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and markets. Additionally, concern over geopolitical issues may also contribute to prolonged market volatility and instability. For example, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine has led to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets and industries. Such conditions could impact real estate fundamentals and result in lower 
 23 

occupancy, lower rental rates, and declining values in our real estate portfolio and in the real estate collateral securing any indebtedness. As a result, the value of our property investments could decrease below the amounts paid for such investments, the value of real estate collateral securing any indebtedness could decrease below the outstanding principal amounts of such indebtedness, and revenues from our properties could decrease due to fewer and/or delinquent tenants or lower rental rates. This could materially adversely affect our revenues, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Ownership of property outside the U.S. may subject us to different or greater risks than those associated with our U.S. investments, including currency fluctuations. 
 We have investments in Canada, and from time to time may seek to acquire other properties in Canada or otherwise outside the U.S. International development, investment, ownership and operating activities involve risks that are different from those we face with respect to our U.S. properties and operations. These risks include, but are not limited to, any gain recognized with respect to changes in exchange rates may not qualify under the income tests that we must satisfy annually in order to qualify and maintain our status as a REIT and fluctuations in the exchange rates between USD and the Canadian Dollar, which we may be unable to protect against through hedging. Although we have pursued hedging alternatives, by borrowing in Canadian dollar denominated debt and entering into cross currency swaps, to protect against foreign currency fluctuations, no amount of hedging activity can fully insulate us from the risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, and the failure to hedge effectively against foreign currency exchange rate risk could materially adversely affect our business, financial position or results of operations. 
 In addition, changes in Canadian political, regulatory, and economic conditions; challenges in managing Canadian operations; challenges of complying with a variety of Canadian laws and regulations, including those relating to real estate, healthcare operations, taxes, employment and legal proceedings, and lending practices; Canadian-specific business cycles and economic instability; and changes in applicable laws and regulations in the U.S. that affect our foreign operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. COVID-19, or a future pandemic or epidemic, may also subject our investments and operations in Canada to different or greater risks than those faced in the U.S., which may depend on factors including the duration and severity of outbreaks in Canada, the impact of new variants, the distribution of vaccines and boosters, and governmental or private actions taken in response to the pandemic or epidemic. 
 We may not be able to sell properties when we desire because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. 
 Real estate investments generally cannot be sold quickly. In addition, some and potentially substantially all of our properties serve as collateral for our current and future secured debt obligations and cannot readily be sold unless the underlying secured indebtedness is concurrently repaid. We may not be able to vary our portfolio promptly in response to changes in the real estate market. A downturn in the real estate market, or the economy in general, could materially adversely affect the value of our properties and our ability to sell such properties for acceptable prices or on other acceptable terms. Furthermore, buyers of our properties generally require third-party financing in order to acquire our properties. Accordingly, the price they may be willing to pay for our properties may depend on the cost and availability of financing for such transactions. We also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a property or portfolio of properties. These factors and any others that would impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. 
 Risks Associated with Our Status as a REIT 
 Our failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT would subject us to U.S. federal income tax, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of our common stock and would substantially reduce the cash available for distribution to our stockholders . 
 Our qualification and taxation as a REIT will depend upon our ability to meet on a continuing basis, through actual annual operating results, certain qualification tests set forth in the U.S. federal tax laws. Accordingly, given the complex nature of the rules governing REITs, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, including the potential tax treatment of investments we make, and the possibility of future changes in our circumstances, no assurance can be given that our actual results of operations for any particular taxable year will satisfy such requirements. 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any calendar year, we would be required to pay U.S. federal income tax (and any applicable state and local tax) on our taxable income at regular corporate rates, and dividends paid to our stockholders would not be deductible by us in computing our taxable income (although such dividends received by certain non-corporate U.S. taxpayers generally would currently be subject to a preferential rate of taxation). Further, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we might need to borrow money or sell assets in order to pay any resulting tax. Our payment of income tax would decrease the amount of our income available for distribution to our stockholders. Furthermore, if we fail to maintain our qualification as a 
 24 

REIT, we no longer would be required under U.S. federal tax laws to distribute substantially all of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders. Unless our failure to qualify as a REIT was subject to relief under U.S. federal tax laws, we could not re-elect to qualify as a REIT until the fifth calendar year following the year in which we failed to qualify. 
 The 90 distribution requirement will decrease our liquidity and may limit our ability to engage in otherwise beneficial transactions. 
 To comply with the 90 taxable income distribution requirement applicable to REITs and to avoid the nondeductible excise tax, we must make distributions to our stockholders. The Senior Notes Indentures permit us to declare or pay any dividend or make any distribution that is necessary to maintain our REIT status if the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Indebtedness of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at such time is less than 60 of Adjusted Total Assets (as each term is defined in the Senior Notes Indentures) and to make additional distributions if we pass certain other financial tests. 
 We are required under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), to distribute at least 90 of our taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain, and the Operating Partnership (as defined below) is required to make distributions to us to allow us to satisfy these REIT distribution requirements. However, distributions may limit our ability to rely upon rental payments from our properties or subsequently acquired properties to finance investments, acquisitions or new developments. 
 Although we anticipate that we generally will have sufficient cash or liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement, it is possible that, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to meet the 90 distribution requirement. This may be due to the timing differences between the actual receipt of income and actual payment of deductible expenses, on the one hand, and the inclusion of that income and deduction of those expenses in arriving at our taxable income, on the other hand. Moreover, the 2017 Tax Act amended the Code such that income must be accrued for U.S. federal income tax purposes no later than when such income is taken into account as revenue in our financial statements, subject to certain exceptions, which could also create timing differences between net taxable income and the receipt of cash attributable to such income. In addition, non-deductible expenses such as principal amortization or repayments or capital expenditures in excess of non-cash deductions also may cause us to fail to have sufficient cash or liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the 90 distribution requirement. 
 In the event that such an insufficiency occurs, in order to meet the 90 distribution requirement and maintain our status as a REIT, we may have to sell assets at unfavorable prices, borrow at unfavorable terms, make taxable stock dividends, or pursue other strategies. This may require us to raise additional capital to meet our obligations. The terms of our Credit Agreement and the terms of the Senior Notes Indentures may restrict our ability to engage in some of these transactions. 
 We could fail to qualify as a REIT if income we receive is not treated as qualifying income, including as a result of one or more of the lease agreements we have entered into or assumed not being characterized as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which would subject us to U.S. federal income tax at corporate tax rates. 
 Under applicable provisions of the Code, we will not be treated as a REIT unless we satisfy various requirements, including requirements relating to the sources of our gross income. Rents received or accrued by us will not be treated as qualifying rent for purposes of these requirements if the lease agreements we have entered into or assumed (as well as any other leases we enter into or assume) are not respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes and are instead treated as service contracts, joint ventures, loans or some other type of arrangement. In the event that the lease agreements entered into with lessees are not characterized as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may fail to qualify as a REIT. In addition, with certain exceptions, rents received by us from a lessee will not be treated as qualifying rent for purposes of these requirements if we are treated, either directly or under the applicable attribution rules, as owning 10 or more of the lessee s stock, capital or profits. We will be treated as owning, under the applicable attribution rules, 10 or more of a lessee s stock, capital or profits at any time that a stockholder owns, directly or under the applicable attribution rules, (a) 10 or more of our common stock and (b) 10 or more of the lessee s stock, capital or profits. The provisions of our charter restrict the transfer and ownership of our common stock that would cause the rents received or accrued by us from a tenant of ours to be treated as non-qualifying rent for purposes of the REIT gross income requirements. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that such restrictions will be effective in ensuring that we will not be treated as related to a tenant of ours. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at corporate tax rates, which would decrease the amount of cash available for distribution to holders of our common stock. 
 25 

Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive acquisition opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments, which could materially hinder our performance. 
 To qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy certain tests, including tests concerning the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our stock. In order to meet these tests, we may be required to forego investments or acquisitions we might otherwise make. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may materially hinder our performance. 
 The tax imposed on REITs engaging in prohibited transactions may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 penalty tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, unless a sale or disposition qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the Internal Revenue Service IRS would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors. 
 If we have significant amounts of non-cash taxable income, we may have to declare taxable stock dividends or make other non-cash distributions, which could cause our stockholders to incur tax liabilities in excess of cash received. 
 We currently intend to pay dividends in cash only, and not in-kind. However, if for any taxable year, we have significant amounts of taxable income in excess of available cash flow, we may have to declare dividends in-kind in order to satisfy the REIT annual distribution requirements. We may distribute a portion of our dividends in the form of our stock or our debt instruments. In either event, a holder of our common stock will be required to report dividend income as a result of such distributions even though we distributed no cash or only nominal amounts of cash to such stockholder. 
 The IRS issued a Revenue Procedure treating certain distributions that are paid by an SEC-registered REIT partly in cash and partly in shares as dividends that would satisfy the REIT annual distribution requirement and qualify for the dividends paid deduction for U.S. federal income tax purposes so long as at least 20 (10 for (i) distributions declared on or after April 1, 2020 and on or before December 31, 2020 and (ii) distributions declared on or after November 1, 2021 and on or before June 30, 2022) of the total dividend is available in cash. However, if we make such a distribution, U.S. holders would be required to include the full amount of the dividend (i.e., the cash and stock portion) as ordinary income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. holder may be required to pay income taxes with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash received. If a U.S. holder sells our stock that it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of the stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. holders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, these sales may put downward pressure on the trading price of our stock. No assurance can be given that the IRS will not impose additional requirements in the future with respect to taxable dividends payable in cash and/or stock, including on a retroactive basis, or assert that the requirements for such taxable dividends have not been met. 
 Our charter restricts the transfer and ownership of our stock, which may restrict change of control or business combination opportunities in which our stockholders might receive a premium for their shares. 
 In order for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT, no more than 50 of the value of our outstanding stock may be owned, directly or constructively, by five or fewer individuals, as defined in the Code. For the purpose of preserving our REIT qualification, our charter prohibits, subject to certain exceptions, beneficial and constructive ownership of more than 9.9 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding common stock or more than 9.9 in value of all classes or series of our outstanding stock. The constructive ownership rules are complex and may cause shares of stock owned directly or constructively by a group of related individuals to be constructively owned by one individual or entity. The ownership limits may have the effect of discouraging an acquisition of control of us without the approval of our board of directors, which might involve a premium price for our common stock. 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could reduce the market price of our common stock. 
 The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Changes to the tax law, including the possibility of major tax legislation, possibly with retroactive application, could adversely impact us or our stockholders. We cannot predict with 
 26 

certainty whether, when, in what forms, or with what effective dates, the tax laws applicable to us or our stockholders may be changed. 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 The maximum income tax rate applicable to qualified dividends payable by non-REIT corporations to domestic stockholders taxed at individual rates is currently 20 . Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the reduced rates. For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, the 2017 Tax Act temporarily reduces the maximum individual U.S. federal income tax rate from 39.6 to 37 and the effective tax rate on ordinary REIT dividends (i.e., dividends other than capital gain dividends and dividends attributable to certain qualified dividend income received by us) for U.S. holders of our common shares that are individuals, estates or trusts by permitting such holders to claim a deduction in determining their taxable income equal to 20 of any such dividends they receive. Although not adversely affecting the taxation of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are taxed at individual rates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends treated as qualified dividend income, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our common stock. 
 Our ownership of and relationship with any taxable REIT subsidiaries that we have formed or will form will be limited and a failure to comply with the limits would jeopardize our REIT status and may result in the application of a 100 excise tax. 
 A REIT may own up to 100 of the stock of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ). A TRS may earn income that would not be qualifying income if earned directly by the parent REIT. Both the subsidiary and the REIT must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a TRS. A corporation (other than a REIT) of which a TRS directly or indirectly owns securities possessing more than 35 of the total voting power or total value of the outstanding securities of such corporation will automatically be treated as a TRS. Overall, no more than 20 of the value of a REIT s total assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs. A domestic TRS will pay U.S. federal, state and local income tax at regular corporate rates on any income that it earns, but net operating loss NOL carryforwards of TRS losses may be deducted only to the extent of 80 of TRS taxable income in the carryforward year (computed without regard to the NOL deduction). Unused NOL carryforwards cannot be carried back but can be carried forward indefinitely. In addition, taxpayers, including TRSs, may be subject to a limitation on their ability to deduct net business interest generally equal to 30 of adjusted taxable income, subject to certain exceptions. This provision may limit the ability of our TRSs to deduct interest, which could increase their taxable income. The rules also impose a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s length basis. Any domestic TRS that we have formed or may form will pay U.S. federal, state and local income tax on its taxable income, and its after-tax net income will be available for distribution to us but is not required to be distributed to us unless necessary to maintain our REIT qualification. 
 Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL and of our charter and bylaws could inhibit a change of control of Sabra or reduce the value of our stock. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law, our charter and our bylaws may have an anti-takeover effect. Sabra is subject to the Maryland business combination statute, which, subject to certain limitations, impose a moratorium on business combinations with interested stockholders or affiliates thereof for five years and thereafter impose additional requirements on such business combinations. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting us from the control share provisions of the MGCL, which provide that holders of control shares of a corporation (defined as voting shares of stock that, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned or controlled by the acquirer, would entitle the acquirer to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. There can be no assurance that this bylaw provision exempting us from the control share provisions will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 We have also adopted other measures that may make it difficult for a third party to obtain control of us, including provisions of our charter authorizing our board of directors (all without stockholder approval) to classify or reclassify shares of our stock in one or more classes or series, to cause the issuance of additional shares of our stock, and to amend our charter to increase or decrease the number of shares of stock that we have authority to issue. Our charter contains transfer and ownership restrictions on the percentage by number and value of outstanding shares of our stock that may be owned or acquired by any stockholder. 
 27 

Our bylaws require advance notice of stockholder proposals and director nominations. These provisions, as well as other provisions of our charter and bylaws, may delay, defer, or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Our bylaws provide that the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland or the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between our company and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company or our directors, officers or other team members. 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director or officer or other team member of our company to our company or to the stockholders of our company, (iii) any action asserting a claim against our company or any director or officer or other team member of our company arising pursuant to any provision of Maryland law, our charter or our bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against our company or any director or officer or other team member of our company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision is intended to apply to claims arising under Maryland state law and would not apply to claims brought pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. This exclusive forum provision will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 
 This exclusive forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with our company or our directors, officers or other team members, which may discourage lawsuits against our company and our directors, officers and other team members. In addition, stockholders who do bring a claim in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland could face additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Maryland. The Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to our company than to our stockholders. However, the enforceability of similar exclusive forum provisions in other companies charters and bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find this type of provision to be inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provision contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we might incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 As of December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio consisted of 402 real estate properties held for investment (consisting of (i) 264 skilled nursing/transitional care facilities, (ii) 47 Senior Housing - Leased communities, (iii) 59 Senior Housing - Managed communities, (iv) 17 behavioral health facilities and 15 specialty hospitals and other facilities), one investment in a sales-type lease, 12 investments in loans receivable (consisting of two mortgage loans and 10 other loans), seven preferred equity investments and three investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. As of December 31, 2022, our real estate properties held for investment included 39,985 beds/units, spread across the U.S. and Canada. As of December 31, 2022, the substantial majority of our real estate properties (excluding 59 Senior Housing - Managed communities) were leased under triple-net operating leases with expirations ranging from less than one year to 20 years. 
 28 

The following table displays the expiration of annualized contractual rental revenues under our lease agreements as of December 31, 2022, adjusted to (i) reflect actual payments received related to the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 for leases no longer accounted for on an accrual basis, (ii) exclude residual rents due to us from prior asset sales under our 2017 memorandum of understanding with Genesis Healthcare, Inc., (iii) reflect the reduction in Avamere s annual base rent effective February 1, 2022 and (iv) assume the pending transition of our North American Health Care portfolio to Ensign Group and Avamere Family of Companies was completed as of December 31, 2022, by year and property type (dollars in thousands) and, in each case, without giving effect to any renewal options: 
 Skilled Nursing / Transitional Care Senior Housing - Leased Behavioral Health Specialty Hospitals and Other Total Annualized Revenues of Total 2023 9,775 9,775 2.7 2024 9,000 9,000 2.5 2025 6,625 3,289 1,442 11,356 3.1 2026 17,055 1,380 18,435 5.1 2027 28,445 4,217 32,662 9.0 2028 20,171 7,117 3,370 30,658 8.5 2029 45,456 4,765 5,988 56,209 15.5 2030 713 3,095 3,808 1.1 2031 79,114 5,966 1,114 86,194 23.8 2032 6,045 1,618 31,996 3,657 43,316 12.0 Thereafter 41,934 14,236 3,683 726 60,579 16.7 Total Annualized Revenues 264,333 42,588 36,793 18,278 361,992 100.0 
 We believe that all of our properties are adequately covered by insurance and are suitable for their intended uses as described in Business Portfolio of Healthcare Investments in Part I, Item 1. 
 Occupancy Trends 
 The following table sets forth the occupancy percentages for our properties for the periods indicated: 
 Occupancy Percentage (1) 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 (2) 
 Skilled Nursing/Transitional Care 73.5 71.4 77.3 82.1 Senior Housing - Leased 84.4 78.1 83.1 87.0 Behavioral Health 84.0 84.2 83.5 83.5 Specialty Hospitals and Other 77.4 80.6 76.5 71.5 Senior Housing - Managed 82.1 79.4 80.0 87.7 
 (1) Occupancy percentage represents the facilities average operating occupancy for the period indicated and is calculated by dividing the actual census from the period presented by the available beds/units for the same period. Occupancy percentage includes only facilities owned by Sabra as of the end of the respective period for the duration that such facilities were classified as stabilized facilities and excludes facilities for which data is not available or meaningful. Occupancy is only included in periods subsequent to our acquisition and is presented for the trailing twelve month period and one quarter in arrears, except for Senior Housing - Managed, which is presented for the period indicated on a trailing three month basis. All facility financial performance information was provided by, or derived solely from information provided by, our tenants and operators without independent verification by us. 
 (2) Reflects occupancy prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 You should not rely upon occupancy percentages, either individually or in the aggregate, to determine the performance of a facility. Other factors that may impact the performance of a facility include the sources of payment, terms of reimbursement and the acuity level of the patients (i.e., the condition of patients that determines the level of skilled nursing and rehabilitation therapy services required). 
 See Business Portfolio of Healthcare Investments in Part I, Item 1 for further discussion regarding the ownership of our properties and the types of healthcare facilities that comprise our properties. 
 29 

Secured Indebtedness 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, eight and 11 of our properties held for investment were subject to secured indebtedness to third parties, respectively. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Secured Indebtedness in Part II, Item 7 for further discussion regarding our secured indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our secured debt consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): 
 Principal Balance as of December 31, (1) 
 Weighted Average Effective Interest Rate at December 31, (2) 
 Interest Rate Type 2022 2021 2022 2021 Maturity Date Fixed Rate 50,123 67,602 3.33 3.42 May 2031 - August 2051 
 (1) Principal balance does not include deferred financing costs, net of 0.9 million as of each of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (2) Weighted average effective interest rate includes private mortgage insurance. 
 Corporate Office 
 We are headquartered and have our corporate office in Irvine, California. We lease our corporate office from an unaffiliated third party. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For a description of our legal proceedings, see Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies Legal Matters in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference in response to this item. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 30 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Stockholder Information 
 Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol SBRA. 
 At February 14, 2023, we had approximately 4,304 stockholders of record. 
 We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 or issue any shares of our common stock in a transaction that was not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 To maintain REIT status, we are required each year to distribute to stockholders at least 90 of our annual REIT taxable income after certain adjustments. All distributions will be made by us at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, capital requirements, debt covenants (which include limits on distributions by us), applicable law, and other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. For example, while the Senior Notes Indentures and the Credit Agreement permit us to declare and pay any dividend or make any distribution that is necessary to maintain our REIT status, those distributions are subject to certain financial tests under the Senior Notes Indentures, and therefore, the amount of cash distributions we can make to our stockholders may be limited. 
 Distributions with respect to our common stock can be characterized for federal income tax purposes as taxable ordinary dividends, which may be non-qualified, long-term capital gain, or qualified, non-dividend distributions (return of capital) or a combination thereof. Following is the characterization of our annual cash dividends on common stock per share: 
 Year Ended December 31, Common Stock 2022 2021 2020 Non-qualified ordinary dividends 0.8742 0.6250 1.0247 Qualified ordinary dividends 0.0155 Non-dividend distributions 0.3258 0.5750 0.3098 1.2000 1.2000 1.3500 
 31 

Stock Price Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return of our common stock for the five-year period ending December 31, 2022. 
 The graph below assumes that 100 was invested at the close of market on December 29, 2017 in (i) our common stock, (ii) the Nasdaq Composite Index and (iii) the Nareit Health Care Property Sector Total Return Index and assumes the reinvestment of all dividends. Stock price performances shown in the graph are not necessarily indicative of future price performances. 
 
 The above performance graph shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or incorporated by reference in any document as filed. 
 
 32 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The discussion below contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those which are discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. Also see Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements preceding Part I. 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our accompanying consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. 
 Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is organized as follows: 
 Overview 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards Update 
 Results of Operations 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 Skilled Nursing Facility Reimbursement Rates 
 Overview 
 We expect to grow our investment portfolio while diversifying our portfolio by tenant, facility type and geography within the healthcare sector. We plan to achieve these objectives primarily through making investments directly or indirectly in healthcare real estate, including the development of purpose-built healthcare facilities with select developers. We also intend to achieve our objective of diversifying our portfolio by tenant and facility type through select asset sales and other arrangements with our tenants. 
 Market Trends and Uncertainties 
 Our operations have been and are expected to continue to be impacted by economic and market conditions. Together with the ongoing impact of COVID-19, increases in interest rates, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, high inflation and increased volatility in public equity and fixed income markets have led to increased costs and limited the availability of capital. If our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities experience increased costs or financing difficulties due to these macroeconomic conditions, our tenants and borrowers may be unable to meet their financial obligations to us and our results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 The above factors have resulted in decreased occupancy and increased operating costs for our tenants and borrowers, which have negatively impacted their operating results and may adversely impact their ability to make full and timely rental payments and debt service payments, respectively, to us. Our Senior Housing - Managed portfolio has been similarly impacted, and we expect that decreased occupancy and increased operating costs will continue to negatively impact the operating results of these investments. While our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed portfolio have experienced some recent increases in occupancy, those occupancy rates are still below pre-pandemic levels. Similarly, while our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed portfolio have more recently experienced small, incremental improvements in both labor availability and overall labor costs, labor supply remains lower and costs remain higher than pre-pandemic levels. In some cases, we may have to restructure or temporarily defer tenants long-term rent obligations and may not be able to do so on terms that are as favorable to us as those currently in place. Reduced or modified rental and debt service amounts could result in the determination that the full amounts of our investments are not recoverable, which could result in an impairment charge. From the beginning of the pandemic, we have agreed to temporary pandemic-related rent deferrals for leases effective as of December 31, 2022 for six tenants of two to nine months of rent totaling 4.4 million, of which 3.0 million has been repaid. If our tenants and borrowers default on these obligations, such defaults could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity, in addition to resulting in potential impairment charges. Further, prolonged deterioration in the operating results for our investments in our Senior Housing - Managed portfolio could result in the determination that the full amounts of our investments are not recoverable, which could result in an impairment charge. 
 We regularly monitor the effects of economic and market conditions and COVID-19 on our operations and financial position, as well as on the operations and financial position of our tenants and borrowers, in order to respond and adapt to the 
 33 

ongoing changes in our operating environment. See Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" for additional discussion of these risks, as well as the uncertainties we and our tenants and borrowers may face as a result. 
 Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we formed two joint ventures which acquired 15 senior housing communities with an aggregate gross investment of CAD 461.5 million and which financed and assumed an aggregate CAD 118.4 million of debt. Sabra s aggregate equity investment was CAD 178.4 million. See Note 4, Investment in Real Estate Properties Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these investments. 
 Acquisitions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired three Senior Housing - Managed communities and one behavioral health facility for an aggregate 106.5 million. See Note 3, Recent Real Estate Acquisitions, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these acquisitions. 
 Dispositions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed the sale of 13 skilled nursing/transitional care facilities and five senior housing communities for aggregate consideration, net of closing costs, of 87.3 million. The net carrying value of the assets and liabilities of these facilities was 99.3 million, which resulted in an aggregate 12.0 million net loss on sale. We continue to evaluate additional assets for sale as part of our initiative to recycle capital and further improve our portfolio. 
 Credit Agreement 
 Effective on January 4, 2023, we and certain of our subsidiaries entered into the Credit Agreement. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Material Cash Requirements Credit Agreement. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Below is a discussion of the accounting policies that management considers critical in that they involve significant management judgments and assumptions, require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain and because they are important for understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. For more information regarding our critical accounting policies, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP requires us to identify entities for which control is achieved through voting rights or other means and to determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary of variable interest entities VIEs ). A VIE is broadly defined as an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the total equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance the entity s activities without additional subordinated financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity s activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; or (c) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests, and substantially all of the entity s activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights. If we were determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE, we would consolidate investments in the VIE. We may change our original assessment of a VIE due to events such as modifications of contractual arrangements that affect the characteristics or adequacy of the entity s equity investments at risk and the disposal of all or a portion of an interest held by the primary beneficiary. 
 We identify the primary beneficiary of a VIE as the enterprise that has both: (i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could be significant to the entity. We perform this analysis on an ongoing basis. 
 As it relates to investments in loans, in addition to our assessment of VIEs and whether we are the primary beneficiary of those VIEs, we evaluate the loan terms and other pertinent facts to determine whether the loan investment should be accounted 
 34 

for as a loan or as a real estate joint venture. If an investment has the characteristics of a real estate joint venture, including if we participate in the majority of the borrower s expected residual profit, we would account for the investment as an investment in a real estate joint venture and not as a loan investment. Expected residual profit is defined as the amount of profit, whether called interest or another name, such as an equity kicker, above a reasonable amount of interest and fees expected to be earned by a lender. 
 As it relates to investments in joint ventures, we assess any partners rights and their impact on the presumption of control of the partnership by any single partner. We also apply this guidance to managing member interests in limited liability companies. We reassess our determination of which entity controls the joint venture if: there is a change to the terms or in the exercisability of the rights of any partners or members, the general partner or managing member increases or decreases its ownership interests, or there is an increase or decrease in the number of outstanding ownership interests. 
 Real Estate Investments and Rental Revenue Recognition 
 Real Estate Acquisition Valuation 
 All assets acquired and liabilities assumed in an acquisition of real estate accounted for as a business combination are measured at their acquisition date fair values. For acquisitions of real estate accounted for as an asset acquisition, the fair value of consideration transferred by us (including transaction costs) is allocated to all assets acquired and liabilities assumed on a relative fair value basis. Tangible assets consist primarily of land, building and improvements. Identifiable intangible assets primarily consist of the above market component of in-place leases, tenant origination and absorption costs and tenant relationship intangibles, and identifiable intangible liabilities primarily consist of the below market component of in-place leases. Acquisition costs associated with real estate acquisitions deemed asset acquisitions are capitalized, and costs associated with real estate acquisitions deemed business combinations are expensed as incurred. 
 Estimates of the fair values of the tangible assets, identifiable intangibles and assumed liabilities require us to make significant assumptions to estimate market lease rates, property operating expenses, carrying costs during lease-up periods, discount rates, market absorption periods, and the number of years the property will be held for investment. We make our best estimate based on our evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant s lease. The use of inappropriate assumptions would result in an incorrect valuation of our acquired tangible assets, identifiable intangibles and assumed liabilities, which would impact the amount of our net income. 
 Impairment of Real Estate Investments 
 We regularly monitor events and changes in circumstances, including investment operating performance and general market conditions, that could indicate that the carrying amounts of our real estate investments may not be recoverable. When indicators of potential impairment suggest that the carrying value of real estate investments may not be recoverable, we assess the recoverability by estimating whether we will recover the carrying value of our real estate investments through the undiscounted future cash flows and the eventual disposition of the investment. In some instances, there may be various potential outcomes for an investment and its potential undiscounted future cash flows. In these instances, the undiscounted future cash flows models used to assess recoverability are based on several assumptions and are probability-weighted based on our best estimates as of the date of evaluation. These assumptions include, among others, market rent, revenue and expense growth rates, absorption period, stabilized occupancy, holding period, market capitalization rates, and estimated market values based on analysis of letters of intent, purchase and sale agreements and recent sales data for comparable properties. When discounted cash flow is used to determine fair value, a discount rate assumption is also used. The assumptions are generally based on management s experience in its local real estate markets, and the effects of current market conditions, which are subject to economic and market uncertainties. If, based on this analysis, we do not believe that we will be able to recover the carrying value of our real estate investments, we would record an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of our real estate investments. We determine estimated fair value based primarily upon (i) estimated sale prices from signed contracts or letters of intent from third-party offers, (ii) discounted cash flow models of the investment over its remaining hold period, (iii) third-party appraisals and (iv) recent sales data for comparable properties. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize rental revenue from tenants, including rental abatements, lease incentives and contractual fixed increases attributable to operating leases, on a straight-line basis over the term of the related leases when it is probable that substantially all rents over the life of a lease are collectible. Certain of our leases provide for contingent rents equal to a percentage of the facility s revenue in excess of specified base amounts or other thresholds. Such revenue is recognized when actual results reported by the tenant, or estimates of tenant results, exceed the applicable base amount or other threshold. 
 35 

We assess the collectability of rents on a lease-by-lease basis, and in doing so, consider such things as historical bad debts, tenant creditworthiness, current economic trends, facility operating performance, lease structure, credit enhancements (including guarantees), current developments relevant to a tenant s business specifically and to its business category generally, and changes in tenants payment patterns. Our assessment includes an estimation of a tenant s ability to fulfill all of its rental obligations over the remaining lease term. In addition, with respect to tenants in bankruptcy, management makes estimates of the expected recovery of pre-petition and post-petition claims in assessing the estimated collectability of the related receivable. If at any time we cannot determine that it is probable that substantially all rents over the life of a lease are collectible, rental revenue will be recognized only to the extent of payments received, and all receivables associated with the lease will be written off irrespective of amounts expected to be collectible. Any recoveries of these amounts will be recorded in future periods upon receipt of payment. Write-offs of receivables and any recoveries of previously written-off receivables are recorded as adjustments to rental revenue. 
 Revenue from resident fees and services is recorded monthly as services are provided and includes resident room and care charges, ancillary services charges and other resident charges. 
 Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 We report investments in unconsolidated entities over whose operating and financial policies we have the ability to exercise significant influence under the equity method of accounting. Under this method of accounting, our share of the investee s earnings or losses is included in our consolidated statements of (loss) income. The initial carrying value of the investment is based on the amount paid to purchase the joint venture interest. Differences between our cost basis and the basis reflected at the joint venture level are generally amortized over the lives of the related assets and liabilities, and such amortization is included in our share of earnings of the joint venture. In addition, distributions received from unconsolidated entities are classified based on the nature of the activity or activities that generated the distribution. 
 We regularly monitor events and changes in circumstances, including investment operating performance, changes in anticipated holding period and general market conditions, that could indicate that the carrying amounts of our equity method investments may be impaired. An equity method investment s value is impaired when the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value and we determine the decline in value is other-than-temporary. The fair value is estimated based on discounted cash flows models that include all estimated cash inflows and outflows and any estimated debt premiums or discounts. The discounted cash flows are based on several assumptions, including management fee, absorption period, terminal capitalization rates, revenue and expense per bed, revenue and expense growth percentage, replacement reserve per unit, stabilized occupancy, stabilized operating margin, price per bed and discount rates. The assumptions are generally based on management s experience in its local real estate markets, and the effects of current market conditions, which are subject to economic and market uncertainties. If we believe that there is an other-than-temporary decline in the value of an equity method investment, we would record an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of such equity method investment. 
 Loans Receivable, Sales-Type Lease and Credit Losses 
 Loans Receivable 
 Loans receivable are reflected at amortized cost on our consolidated balance sheets. The amortized cost of a loan receivable is the outstanding unpaid principal balance, net of unamortized discounts, costs and fees directly associated with the origination of the loan. 
 Loans acquired in connection with a business combination are recorded at their acquisition date fair value. We determine the fair value of loans receivable based on estimates of expected discounted cash flows, collateral, credit risk and other factors. A valuation allowance is not established at the acquisition date, as the amount of estimated future cash flows reflects our judgment regarding their uncertainty. The difference between the acquisition date fair value and the total expected cash flows is recognized as interest income using the effective interest method over the life of the applicable loan. Any unamortized balances are immediately recognized in income if the loan is repaid before its contractual maturity. 
 Interest income on our loans receivable is recognized on an accrual basis over the life of the investment using the interest method. Direct loan origination costs are amortized over the term of the loan as an adjustment to interest income. When concerns exist as to the ultimate collection of principal or interest due under a loan, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status, and we will not recognize interest income until the cash is received, or the loan returns to accrual status. If we determine that the collection of interest according to the contractual terms of the loan or through the receipts of assets in satisfaction of contractual amounts due is probable, we will resume the accrual of interest. In instances where borrowers are in default under the terms of their loans, we may continue recognizing interest income provided that all amounts owed under the contractual terms of the loan, including accrued and unpaid interest, do not exceed the estimated fair value of the collateral, less costs to sell. 
 36 

On a quarterly basis, we evaluate the collectability of our interest income receivable and establish a reserve for amounts not expected to be collected. Our evaluation includes reviewing credit quality indicators such as payment status, changes affecting the operations of the facilities securing the loans, and national and regional economic factors. The reserve is a valuation allowance that reflects management s estimate of losses inherent in the interest income receivable balance as of the balance sheet date. The reserve is adjusted through provision for loan losses and other reserves on our consolidated statements of (loss) income and is decreased by charge-offs to specific receivables. 
 Sales-Type Lease 
 Our investment in sales-type leases is reflected on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as the present value of total rental payments, plus estimated purchase price, less unearned lease income. Selling profit or loss is recorded upon classification as a sales-type lease, and unearned income is amortized over the lease term to provide a constant yield when collectability of the lease payments is reasonably assured. 
 Credit Losses 
 On a quarterly basis, we evaluate the collectability of our loan portfolio and sales-type lease, including the portion of unfunded loan commitments expected to be funded, and establish an allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is calculated using the related amortization schedules, payment histories and loan-to-value ratios. The following rates are applied to determine the aggregate expected losses, which is recorded as the allowance for credit losses: (i) a default rate, (ii) a liquidation cost rate and (iii) a distressed property reduction rate. If no loan-to-value ratio is available, a loss severity rate is applied in place of the liquidation cost rate and the distressed property reduction rate. The default rate is based on average charge-off and delinquency rates from the Federal Reserve, and the other rates are based on industry research and historical performance of a similar portfolio of financial assets. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation allowance that reflects management s estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. The reserve is adjusted through provision for loan losses and other reserves on our consolidated statements of (loss) income and is decreased by charge-offs to specific loans. 
 Preferred Equity Investments and Preferred Return 
 Preferred equity investments are accounted for at unreturned capital contributions, plus accrued and unpaid preferred returns. We recognize preferred return income on a monthly basis based on the outstanding investment including any previously accrued and unpaid return. As a preferred member of the preferred equity joint ventures in which we participate, we are not entitled to share in the joint venture s earnings or losses. Rather, we are entitled to receive a preferred return, which is deferred if the cash flow of the joint venture is insufficient to currently pay the accrued preferred return. 
 We regularly monitor events and changes in circumstances that could indicate that the carrying amounts of our preferred equity investments may not be recoverable or realized. On a quarterly basis, we evaluate our preferred equity investments for impairment based on a comparison of the fair value of the investment to its carrying value. The fair value is estimated based on discounted cash flows that include all estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period. If, based on this analysis, we do not believe that we will be able to recover the carrying value of our preferred equity investment, we would record an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of our preferred equity investment. 
 Income Taxes 
 We elected to be treated as a REIT with the filing of our U.S. federal income tax return for the taxable year beginning January 1, 2011. We believe that we have been organized and have operated, and we intend to continue to operate, in a manner to qualify as a REIT. To qualify as a REIT, we must meet certain organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to distribute at least 90 of our annual REIT taxable income to stockholders (which is computed without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gains and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP). As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on income that we distribute as dividends to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates and generally will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification is lost, unless the IRS grants us relief under certain statutory provisions. Such an event could materially and adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. However, we believe that we are organized and operate in such a manner as to qualify for treatment as a REIT. 
 37 

As a result of certain investments, we record income tax expense or benefit with respect to certain of our entities that are taxed as taxable REIT subsidiaries under provisions similar to those applicable to regular corporations and not under the REIT provisions. 
 We account for deferred income taxes using the asset and liability method and recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in our financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Any increase or decrease in the deferred tax liability that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes a change in our judgment about expected future tax consequences of events, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur. Deferred income taxes also reflect the impact of operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is provided if we believe it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Any increase or decrease in the valuation allowance that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes a change in our judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur. 
 We evaluate our tax positions using a two-step approach: step one (recognition) occurs when we conclude that a tax position, based solely on its technical merits, is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, and step two (measurement) is only addressed if step one has been satisfied (i.e., the position is more likely than not to be sustained). Under step two, the tax benefit is measured as the largest amount of benefit (determined on a cumulative probability basis) that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. We will recognize tax penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits as additional tax expense. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Under GAAP, we are required to measure certain financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis. In addition, we are required to measure other financial instruments and balances at fair value on a non-recurring basis (e.g., carrying value of impaired loans receivable and long-lived assets). Fair value is defined as the price that would be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The GAAP fair value framework uses a three-tiered approach. Fair value measurements are classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 
 Level 1: unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical assets or liabilities; 
 Level 2: quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-derived valuations in which significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets; and 
 Level 3: prices or valuation techniques where little or no market data is available that requires inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. 
 When available, we utilize quoted market prices from an independent third-party source to determine fair value and classify such items in Level 1 or Level 2. In instances where the market for a financial instrument is not active, regardless of the availability of a nonbinding quoted market price, observable inputs might not be relevant and could require us to make a significant adjustment to derive a fair value measurement. Additionally, in an inactive market, a market price quoted from an independent third party may rely more on models with inputs based on information available only to that independent third party. When we determine the market for a financial instrument owned by us to be illiquid or when market transactions for similar instruments do not appear orderly, we may use several valuation sources (including internal valuations, discounted cash flow analysis and quoted market prices) to establish a fair value. If more than one valuation source is used, we will assign weights to the various valuation sources. Additionally, when determining the fair value of liabilities in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active market for an identical liability is not available, we measure fair value using (i) a valuation technique that uses the quoted price of the identical liability when traded as an asset or quoted prices for similar liabilities or similar liabilities when traded as assets or (ii) another valuation technique that is consistent with the principles of fair value measurement, such as the income approach or the market approach. 
 Changes in assumptions or estimation methodologies can have a material effect on these estimated fair values. In this regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, may not be realized in an immediate settlement of the instrument. 
 We consider the following factors to be indicators of an inactive market: (i) there are few recent transactions, (ii) price quotations are not based on current information, (iii) price quotations vary substantially either over time or among market makers (for example, some brokered markets), (iv) indexes that previously were highly correlated with the fair values of the asset or liability are demonstrably uncorrelated with recent indications of fair value for that asset or liability, (v) there is a 
 38 

significant increase in implied liquidity risk premiums, yields, or performance indicators (such as delinquency rates or loss severities) for observed transactions or quoted prices when compared with our estimate of expected cash flows, considering all available market data about credit and other nonperformance risk for the asset or liability, (vi) there is a wide bid-ask spread or significant increase in the bid-ask spread, (vii) there is a significant decline or absence of a market for new issuances (that is, a primary market) for the asset or liability or similar assets or liabilities, and (viii) little information is released publicly (for example, a principal-to-principal market). 
 We consider the following factors to be indicators of non-orderly transactions: (i) there was not adequate exposure to the market for a period before the measurement date to allow for marketing activities that are usual and customary for transactions involving such assets or liabilities under current market conditions, (ii) there was a usual and customary marketing period, but the seller marketed the asset or liability to a single market participant, (iii) the seller is in or near bankruptcy or receivership (that is, distressed), or the seller was required to sell to meet regulatory or legal requirements (that is, forced), and (iv) the transaction price is an outlier when compared with other recent transactions for the same or similar assets or liabilities. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards Update 
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information concerning recently issued accounting standards updates. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 As of December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio consisted of 402 real estate properties held for investment, one investment in a sales-type lease, 12 investments in loans receivable, seven preferred equity investments and three investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. As of December 31, 2021, our investment portfolio consisted of 416 real estate properties held for investment, one investment in a sales-type lease, 18 investments in loans receivable, eight preferred equity investments and one investment in an unconsolidated joint venture. In general, we expect that income and expenses related to our portfolio will fluctuate in future periods in comparison to the corresponding prior periods as a result of investment and disposition activity and anticipated future changes in our portfolio. The results of operations presented are not directly comparable due to ongoing acquisition and disposition activity. 
 A discussion of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 is included in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Comparison of results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 section in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 39 

Comparison of results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): For the Year Ended December 31, Increase / (Decrease) Percentage Difference Variance due to Acquisitions, Originations and Dispositions (1) 
 Remaining Variance (2) 
 2022 2021 Revenues: Rental and related revenues 400,586 396,716 3,870 1 (11,246) 15,116 Resident fees and services 186,672 155,512 31,160 20 13,503 17,657 Interest and other income 37,553 17,317 20,236 117 17,327 2,909 Expenses: Depreciation and amortization 187,782 178,991 8,791 5 984 7,807 Interest 105,471 98,632 6,839 7 (242) 7,081 Triple-net portfolio operating expenses 19,623 20,221 (598) (3) (857) 259 Senior housing - managed portfolio operating expenses 142,990 120,980 22,010 18 11,224 10,786 General and administrative 39,574 34,669 4,905 14 4,905 Provision for loan losses and other reserves 141 3,935 (3,794) (96) (1,578) (2,216) Impairment of real estate 94,042 9,499 84,543 890 5,306 79,237 Other (expense) income: Loss on extinguishment of debt (411) (34,622) 34,211 (99) (150) 34,361 Other (expense) income (1,097) 373 (1,470) (394) (1,470) Net (loss) gain on sales of real estate (12,011) 12,301 (24,312) (198) (24,312) Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures (98,032) (192,081) 94,049 (49) (948) 94,997 Income tax expense (1,242) (1,845) 603 (33) 603 
 (1) Represents the dollar amount increase (decrease) for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of investments/dispositions made after January 1, 2021. 
 (2) Represents the dollar amount increase (decrease) for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 that is not a direct result of investments/dispositions made after January 1, 2021. 
 Rental and Related Revenues 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 400.6 million of rental income compared to 396.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 3.9 million net increase in rental income is related to (i) an 11.0 million net increase related to leases that are no longer accounted for on an accrual basis, (ii) a 5.6 million increase due to lease amendments and annual increases associated with a consumer price index adjustment and (iii) a 1.6 million increase from properties acquired after January 1, 2021 . The 11.0 million net increase related to leases that are not accounted for on an accrual basis includes a 26.9 million net decrease in write-offs of straight-line rental income receivable and a decrease in acceleration of amortization of the remaining above-market lease intangibles and an 0.8 million increase in operating expense recoveries, partially offset by an 8.7 million decrease in earned cash rents primarily due to the Avamere lease amendment effective February 1, 2022 and an 8.0 million decrease in non-cash rental revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , we wrote off 17.1 million in straight-line rental income receivables primarily due to the termination of the North American leases compared to 44.0 million in straight-line rental income receivable write-offs and acceleration of amortization of the remaining above-market lease intangible during the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily related to the Avamere leases. These increases are partially offset by (i) a 12.9 million decrease from properties disposed of after January 1, 2021 , (ii) a 1.0 million decrease from facilities transferred to new tenants and (iii) a 0.7 million decrease related to lease intangibles that have been fully amortized. 
 Our reported rental and related revenues may be subject to increased variability in the future as a result of lease accounting standards. If at any time we cannot determine that it is probable that substantially all rents over the life of a lease are collectible, rental revenue will be recognized only to the extent of payments received and all receivables associated with the lease will be written off, irrespective of amounts expected to be collectible. However, there can be no assurances regarding the timing and amount of these revenues. Amounts due under the terms of all of our lease agreements are subject to contractual increases, and contingent rental income may be derived from certain lease agreements. No material contingent rental income was derived during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Our rental income in future years will be impacted by changes in inflation. Certain of our lease agreements provide for an annual rent escalator based on the percentage change in the Consumer Price Index (but not less than zero), subject to minimum or maximum fixed percentages that range from 1.0 to 5.0 . 
 40 

Resident Fees and Services 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 186.7 million of resident fees and services compared to 155.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 31.2 million net increase is primarily due to (i) a 14.8 million increase related to increased occupancy and an increase in rates, (ii) a 13.5 million increase from five Senior Housing - Managed communities acquired after January 1, 2021 and (iii) a 3.3 million increase related to seven previously-leased communities that were transitioned to our Senior Housing - Managed portfolio after January 1, 2021 , partially offset by a 0.4 million decrease in government grant income. 
 Interest and Other Income 
 Interest and other income primarily consists of income earned on our loans receivable investments, preferred returns earned on our preferred equity investments and income on the sales-type lease. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 37.6 million of interest and other income compared to 17.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The net increase of 20.2 million is primarily due to (i) an 18.6 million increase in income from investments made after January 1, 2021, primarily related to the initial funding of the 290.0 million mortgage loan receivable to Recovery Centers of America Holdings, LLC in October 2021, (ii) a 2.5 million lease termination payment primarily related to one skilled nursing/transitional care facility during the year ended December 31, 2022 and (iii) 0.5 million in late fee income, partially offset by a 1.3 million decrease in income from investments repaid after January 1, 2021. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 187.8 million of depreciation and amortization expense compared to 179.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 8.8 million net increase is due to (i) a 7.0 million increase due to the acceleration of lease intangible amortization related to facilities transitioned to new tenants and lease terminations, (ii) a 5.4 million increase from properties acquired after January 1, 2021 and (iii) a 1.3 million increase from additions to real estate. The increases are partially offset by a 4.4 million decrease from properties disposed of after January 1, 2021 and a 0.1 million decrease related to assets that have been fully depreciated. 
 Interest Expense 
 We incur interest expense comprised of costs of borrowings plus the amortization of deferred financing costs related to our indebtedness. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 105.5 million of interest expense compared to 98.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 6.8 million net increase is related to a 20.4 million increase in interest expense related to the issuance of the 2031 Notes and a 3.2 million increase in non-cash interest expense related to our interest rate hedges. The increases are partially offset by (i) an 11.8 million decrease in interest expense related to the redemption of all 300.0 million of 4.80 senior unsecured notes due 2024 in October 2021, (ii) a 3.9 million decrease in interest expense related to a reduction in the borrowings outstanding under the Prior Credit Agreement (as defined below) and (iii) an 0.8 million decrease in interest expense related to a decrease in our mortgage debt as a result of the repayment of debt secured by three facilities during 2022 and the sales of two facilities securing the mortgage debt during 2021. 
 Triple-Net Portfolio Operating Expenses 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 19.6 million of triple-net portfolio operating expenses compared to 20.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 0.6 million net decrease is primarily due to properties d isposed of after January 1, 2021 . 
 Senior Housing - Managed Portfolio Operating Expenses 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 143.0 million of operating expenses compared to 121.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 22.0 million net increase is due to (i) a 11.2 million increase related to five Senior Housing - Managed communities acquired after January 1, 2021, (ii) a 4.0 million increase in employee compensation primarily due to increased labor rates and staffing, (iii) a 2.7 million increase related to seven previously-leased communities that were transitioned to our Senior Housing - Managed portfolio after January 1, 2021, (iv) a 1.8 million increase in management fees and dining expenses due to increased occupancy, (v) a 1.4 million increase in utility expense, (vi) a 0.8 million increase due to the resumption of repairs and maintenance projects as pandemic-related restrictions have been eased and a (vii) a 0.5 million increase in expenses due to increased marketing activity, partially offset by a 0.8 million decrease in supplies and labor needs related to COVID-19. 
 41 

General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses include compensation-related expenses as well as professional services, office costs, other costs associated with asset management, and merger and acquisition costs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative expenses were 39.6 million compared to 34.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The 4.9 million net increase is related to (i) a 2.8 million increase in comp ensation for our team members as a result of increased staffing and annual compensation adjustments, (ii) a 2.2 million increase in professional, consulting and legal fees primarily related to ESG initiatives, a consulting arrangement with our former Chief Financial Of ficer and tenant transitions and (iii) a 0.2 million severance payment made to our former Executive Vice President of Portfolio Management. The increases are partially offset by a 0.5 million net decrease in stock-based compensation primarily due to changes in performance-based vesting assumptions on management s equity compensation. 
 Provision for Loan Losses and Other Reserves 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized a 0.1 million and 3.9 million provision for loan losses and other reserves, respectively. Of the 3.9 million provision recognized in 2021, 2.0 million was due to one loan deemed uncollectible during the year ended December 31, 2021 and the remaining 1.9 million was primarily due to the increase in our loans receivable investment balance. 
 Impairment of Real Estate 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 94.0 million of impairment of real estate related to 10 skilled nursing/transitional care facilities that have either sold or are under contract to sell. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized 9.5 million of impairment of real estate related to two skilled nursing/transitional care facilities and one senior housing community that have sold. See Note 5, Impairment of Real Estate and Dispositions, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these impairments. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a 0.4 million loss on extinguishment of debt related to write-offs of deferred financing costs in connection with the partial pay down of the U.S. dollar Prior Term Loan. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a 34.6 million loss on extinguishment of debt consisting of (i) 32.7 million in connection with the redemption of the 2024 Notes, including 30.2 million in payments made to noteholders and legal fees for early redemption and 2.5 million of write-offs associated with unamortized deferred financing and premium costs, (ii) 1.8 million related to write-offs of deferred financing costs in connection with the partial pay down of the U.S. dollar Prior Term Loan and (iii) 0.1 million related to write-offs of deferred financing costs in connection with the sale of two facilities that secured one mortgage note. 
 Other (Expense) Income 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 1.1 million of other expense primarily related to a 2.2 million foreign currency transaction loss related to our Canadian borrowings, partially offset by 1.1 million of other income related to settlement payments received related to legacy Care Capital Properties CCP investments. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized 0.4 million of other income primarily related to settlement payments received related to legacy CCP investments. 
 Net (Loss) Gain on Sales of Real Estate 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized an aggregate net loss on the sales of real estate of 12.0 million related to the disposition of 13 skilled nursing/transitional care facilities and five senior housing communities. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized an aggregate net gain on the sales of real estate of 12.3 million consisting of (i) an aggregate 11.3 million net gain related to the disposition of eight skilled nursing/transitional care facilities, six senior housing communities and two specialty hospitals and (ii) a 1.0 million gain due to reassessing the classification of a lease and determining the lease, which requires the tenant to purchase the property at the maturity of the lease, should be accounted for as a sales-type lease, and this reassessment required the recognition of the gain on sale prior to the actual sale to our tenant. 
 Loss from Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 98.0 million of loss from our unconsolidated joint ventures compared to 192.1 million of loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 94.0 million net decrease in the loss is related to a 95.4 million decrease in loss from the Enlivant Joint Venture, partially offset by 1.4 million of net loss, including 3.6 
 42 

million of depreciation expense and 0.3 million of transaction costs, from 15 senior housing communities acquired by two joint ventures entered into during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The 95.4 million decrease in loss from the Enlivant Joint Venture is due to (i) a 164.1 million other-than-temporary impairment recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to a 57.8 million other-than-temporary impairment recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 (see Note 4, Investment in Real Estate Properties in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the impairment), (ii) a 19.9 million increase in revenue from the facilities owned by the Enlivant Joint Venture as of December 31, 2022, primarily due to increased occupancy and an increase in rates, (iii) a 4.5 million decrease in impairment of real estate, including basis difference, recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to four senior housing communities and (iv) 3.6 million of government grant income recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. These decreases in loss are partially offset by (i) a 19.6 million deferred tax valuation allowance, (ii) an 18.2 million increase in operating expenses from the facilities owned by the Enlivant Joint Venture as of December 31, 2022 and (iii) a 3.7 million decrease in deferred tax benefit due to higher taxable income. The 18.2 million increase in operating expenses consists primarily of (i) a 12.9 million increase in employee compensation primarily due to increased labor rates and staffing, (ii) a 2.5 million increase in support payments paid to the manager of the Enlivant Joint Venture with proceeds received from the issuance of senior preferred interests to TPG in 2022 and Q4 2021 and cash on hand at the Enlivant Joint Venture in Q2 2021, (iii) a 2.5 million increase in management fees and dining expenses primarily due to increased occupancy, partially offset by a 1.7 million decrease in supply needs related to COVID-19. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 1.2 million of income tax expense compared to 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 . The 0.6 million decrease is due to lower taxable income from our Senior Housing - Managed portfolio. 
 Funds from Operations and Adjusted Funds from Operations 
 We believe that net income as defined by GAAP is the most appropriate earnings measure. We also believe that funds from operations FFO ), as defined in accordance with the definition used by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Nareit ), and adjusted funds from operations AFFO (and related per share amounts) are important non-GAAP supplemental measures of our operating performance. Because the historical cost accounting convention used for real estate assets requires straight-line depreciation (except on land), such accounting presentation implies that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. However, since real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market and other conditions, presentations of operating results for a REIT that use historical cost accounting for depreciation could be less informative. Thus, Nareit created FFO as a supplemental measure of operating performance for REITs that excludes historical cost depreciation and amortization, among other items, from net income, as defined by GAAP. FFO is defined as net income, computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains or losses from real estate dispositions and our share of gains or losses from real estate dispositions related to our unconsolidated joint ventures, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, net of amounts related to noncontrolling interests, plus our share of depreciation and amortization related to our unconsolidated joint ventures, and real estate impairment charges of both consolidated and unconsolidated entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of the depreciable real estate held by the entity. AFFO is defined as FFO excluding merger and acquisition costs, stock-based compensation expense, non-cash rental and related revenues, non-cash interest income, non-cash interest expense, non-cash portion of loss on extinguishment of debt, provision for loan losses and other reserves, non-cash lease termination income and deferred income taxes, as well as other non-cash revenue and expense items (including ineffectiveness gain/loss on derivative instruments, and non-cash revenue and expense amounts related to noncontrolling interests) and our share of non-cash adjustments related to our unconsolidated joint ventures. We believe that the use of FFO and AFFO (and the related per share amounts), combined with the required GAAP presentations, improves the understanding of our operating results among investors and makes comparisons of operating results among REITs more meaningful. We consider FFO and AFFO to be useful measures for reviewing comparative operating and financial performance because, by excluding the applicable items listed above, FFO and AFFO can help investors compare our operating performance between periods or as compared to other companies. While FFO and AFFO are relevant and widely used measures of operating performance of REITs, they do not represent cash flows from operations or net income as defined by GAAP and should not be considered an alternative to those measures in evaluating our liquidity or operating performance. FFO and AFFO also do not consider the costs associated with capital expenditures related to our real estate assets nor do they purport to be indicative of cash available to fund our future cash requirements. Further, our computation of FFO and AFFO may not be comparable to FFO and AFFO reported by other REITs that do not define FFO in accordance with the current Nareit definition or that interpret the current Nareit definition or define AFFO differently than we do. 
 43 

The following table reconciles our calculations of FFO and AFFO for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, to net income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, for the same periods (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net (loss) income (77,605) (113,256) 138,417 Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets 187,782 178,991 176,737 Depreciation, amortization and impairment of real estate assets related to unconsolidated joint ventures 22,095 26,129 26,949 Net loss (gain) on sales of real estate 12,011 (12,301) (2,861) Net (gain) loss on sales of real estate related to unconsolidated joint ventures (220) 33 3,281 Impairment of real estate 94,042 9,499 4,003 Other-than-temporary impairment of unconsolidated joint ventures 57,778 164,126 FFO 295,883 253,221 346,526 Stock-based compensation expense 7,453 7,914 7,907 Non-cash rental and related revenues 2,183 25,823 (4,458) Non-cash interest income (2,285) (1,988) (2,351) Non-cash interest expense 11,094 8,368 8,418 Non-cash portion of loss on extinguishment of debt 411 4,426 531 Provision for loan losses and other reserves 141 3,935 1,855 Deferred tax valuation allowance related to unconsolidated joint ventures 19,613 Other adjustments related to unconsolidated joint ventures (5,155) (5,051) 1,913 Other non-cash adjustments 2,474 492 825 AFFO 331,812 297,140 361,166 FFO per diluted common share 1.28 1.15 1.67 AFFO per diluted common share 1.43 1.35 1.74 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, diluted: FFO 231,851,542 220,102,563 207,252,830 AFFO 232,784,543 220,526,512 208,039,530 
 44 

The following table sets forth additional information related to certain other items included in net income (loss) above, and the portions of each that are included in FFO and AFFO, which may be helpful in assessing our operating results. Please refer to Results of Operations above for additional information regarding these items (in millions): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Net Income (Loss) FFO AFFO Rental and related revenues: Non-cash rental and related revenue write-offs / lease intangible amortization acceleration 16.7 44.0 20.8 16.7 44.0 20.8 Resident fees and services: Grant income under government programs (1) 
 0.1 0.5 1.8 0.1 0.5 1.8 0.1 0.5 1.8 Interest and other income: Lease termination income 2.5 0.3 2.5 0.3 2.5 0.3 Provision for loan losses and other reserves 0.1 3.9 1.9 0.1 3.9 1.9 Loss on extinguishment of debt 0.4 34.6 0.5 0.4 34.6 0.5 30.2 Other (expense) income (1.1) 0.4 2.2 (1.1) 0.4 2.2 1.2 0.4 2.3 Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures: Grant income under government programs (1) 
 3.6 3.5 3.6 3.5 3.6 3.5 Deferred income tax (benefit) expense (2.4) (6.0) 0.5 (2.4) (6.0) 0.5 Deferred tax valuation allowance 19.6 19.6 Support payments paid to joint venture manager (2) 
 12.3 9.8 12.3 9.8 12.3 9.8 Impairment of real estate 4.5 Other-than-temporary impairment of unconsolidated joint ventures 57.8 164.1 
 (1) Consists of funds specifically paid to communities in our Senior Housing - Managed portfolio from state or federal governments related to the pandemic and were incremental to the amounts that would have otherwise been received for providing care to residents. 
 (2) Funding for support payments did not require capital contributions from Sabra but rather were funded with proceeds received by the Enlivant Joint Venture from TPG for the issuance of senior preferred interests or with cash on hand at the Enlivant Joint Venture. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 852.3 million in liquidity, consisting of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of 49.3 million and available borrowings under our Prior Revolving Credit Facility of 803.0 million. The Credit Agreement also contains an accordion feature that can increase the total available borrowings to 2.75 billion, subject to terms and conditions. 
 We have filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC that expires in November 2025, which allows us to offer and sell shares of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, rights, units, and certain of our subsidiaries to offer and sell debt securities, through underwriters, dealers or agents or directly to purchasers, on a continuous or delayed basis, in amounts, at prices and on terms we determine at the time of the offering, subject to market conditions. 
 On August 6, 2021, we established an at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM Program pursuant to which shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to 500.0 million may be sold from time to time (i) by us through a consortium of banks acting as sales agents or directly to the banks acting as principals or (ii) by a consortium of banks acting as forward sellers on behalf of any forward purchasers pursuant to a forward sale agreement. On November 9, 2022, we terminated the ATM Program. During the period from January 1, 2022 to November 9, 2022, no shares were sold under the ATM Program and we did not utilize the forward feature of the ATM Program. 
 Our short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of operating expenses, including our planned capital expenditures and funding commitments, interest expense, scheduled debt service payments under our loan agreements, dividend requirements, general and administrative expenses and other requirements described under Material Cash Requirements below. Based on our current assessment, we believe that our available cash, operating cash flows and borrowings available to us under our Revolving Credit Facility provide sufficient funds for such requirements for the next twelve months. In addition, we do not believe that the restrictions under our Senior Notes Indentures (as defined below) or Credit Agreement significantly limit our ability to use our available liquidity for these purposes. 
 45 

Our long-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of future investments in properties, including any improvements or renovations of current or newly-acquired properties, as well as scheduled debt maturities. We expect to meet these liquidity needs using the sources above as well as the proceeds from issuances of common stock, preferred stock, debt or other securities, additional borrowings, including mortgage debt or a new or refinanced credit facility, and proceeds from the sale of properties. In addition, we may seek financing from U.S. government agencies, including through Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and HUD, in appropriate circumstances in connection with acquisitions. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 315.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Operating cash inflows were derived primarily from the rental payments received under our lease agreements, resident fees and services net of the corresponding operating expenses and interest payments from borrowers under our loan and preferred equity investments. Operating cash outflows consisted primarily of interest payments on borrowings and payment of general and administrative expenses, including corporate overhead. Increases to operating cash flows primarily relate to completed investment activity, and decreases to operating cash flows primarily relate to disposition activity and interest expense from increased borrowing activity and higher interest rates. In addition, the change in operating cash flows was impacted by the timing of collections from our tenants and borrowers and fluctuations in the operating results of our Senior Housing - Managed communities. We expect our annualized cash flows provided by operating activities to fluctuate as a result of such activity. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 216.2 million and included 142.9 million used for the investment in two unconsolidated joint ventures, 92.2 million used for the acquisition of four facilities, 54.5 million used for additions to real estate, 23.8 million used to provide funding for loans receivable, 8.0 million used to provide funding for preferred equity investments and 0.8 million used for escrow deposits for potential investments, partially offset by 87.3 million of net proceeds from the sales of real estate, 8.0 million of escrow deposits for potential sale of real estate, 5.4 million in repayments of preferred equity investments and 5.3 million in repayments of loans receivable. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 161.7 million and included 277.2 million of dividends paid to stockholders, 63.8 million of principal repayments on Prior Term Loans, 17.5 million of principal repayments on secured debt, 4.8 million of net costs primarily related to payroll tax payments related to the issuance of common stock pursuant to equity compensation arrangements and our ATM Program, and a 2.5 million payment of contingent consideration, partially offset by 204.0 million of net borrowings from our Prior Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Please see the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows for details of our operating, investing and financing cash activities. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Our material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations. 
 Senior Unsecured Notes. Our senior unsecured notes consisted of the following (collectively, the Senior Notes as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Title Maturity Date Principal Balance (1) 
 5.125 senior unsecured notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes 
 August 15, 2026 500,000 5.88 senior unsecured notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes 
 May 17, 2027 100,000 3.90 senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes 
 October 15, 2029 350,000 3.20 senior unsecured notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes 
 December 1, 2031 800,000 1,750,000 
 (1) Principal balance does not include discount, net of 3.5 million and deferred financing costs, net of 12.0 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 See Note 8, Debt, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Subsidiary Issuer and Guarantor Financial Information below for additional information concerning the Senior Notes, including information regarding the indentures and agreements governing the Senior Notes (the Senior Notes Indentures ). As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants under the Senior Notes Indentures. 
 46 

Credit Agreement. Pursuant to a fifth amended and restated credit agreement entered into by the Operating Partnership and Sabra Canadian Holdings, LLC (together, the Borrowers ), and the other parties thereto effective on September 9, 2019 (the Prior Credit Agreement ), as of December 31, 2022, we had a 1.0 billion revolving credit facility (the Prior Revolving Credit Facility ), a 436.3 million U.S. dollar term loan and a CAD 125.0 million Canadian dollar term loan (collectively, the Prior Term Loans ). 
 Effective January 4, 2023, the Borrowers, and the other parties thereto entered into a sixth amended and restated credit agreement (the Credit Agreement that includes a 1.0 billion revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), a 430.0 million U.S. dollar term loan and a CAD 150.0 million Canadian dollar term loan (collectively, the Term Loans ). Further, up to 350.0 million of the Revolving Credit Facility may be used for borrowings in certain foreign currencies. The Credit Agreement also contains an accordion feature that can increase the total available borrowings to 2.75 billion, subject to terms and conditions 
 The Revolving Credit Facility has a maturity date of January 4, 2027, and includes two six-month extension options. The Term Loans have a maturity date of January 4, 2028. 
 The obligations of the Borrowers under the Credit Agreement are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on an unsecured basis, by us and one of our non-operating subsidiaries, subject to release under certain customary circumstances. 
 See Note 8, Debt, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information concerning the Credit Agreement, including information regarding covenants contained in the Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 Secured Indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, eight of our properties held for investment were subject to secured indebtedness to third parties, and our secured debt consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): 
 Interest Rate Type Principal Balance (1) 
 Weighted Average Interest Rate Maturity Date Fixed Rate 50,123 2.84 May 2031 - August 2051 
 (1) Principal balance does not include deferred financing costs, net of 0.9 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Interest. Our estimated interest and facility fee payments based on principal amounts of debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022, applicable interest rates in effect as of December 31, 2022, and including the impact of interest rate swaps and collars are 102.3 million in 2023, 86.7 million in 2024, 72.0 million in 2025, 72.0 million in 2026, 43.4 million in 2027 and 141.3 million thereafter. 
 Capital Expenditures and Other Expenditures and Funding Commitments. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and 2020, our aggregate capital expenditures were 54.5 million, 42.7 million and 47.4 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, our aggregate commitment for future capital and other expenditures related to facilities leased under triple-net operating leases was approximately 73 million, of which 65 million will directly result in incremental rental income, and approximately 55 million will be spent over the next 12 months. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, anticipated capital expenditures related to our Senior Housing - Managed communities was approximately 45 million, of which we expect to spend approximately 27 million over the next 12 months. 
 In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we have committed to provide up to 33.6 million of future funding related to two preferred equity investments. 
 Dividends. To maintain REIT status, we are required each year to distribute to stockholders at least 90 of our annual REIT taxable income after certain adjustments. All distributions will be made by us at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, capital requirements, debt covenants (which include limits on distributions by us), applicable law, and other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 
 We paid dividends of 277.2 million on our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. On February 1, 2023, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.30 per share of common stock. The dividend will be paid on February 28, 2023 to common stockholders of record as of February 13, 2023. 
 Subsidiary Issuer and Guarantor Financial Information. In connection with the Operating Partnership s assumption of the 2026 Notes, we have fully and unconditionally guaranteed the 2026 Notes. The 2029 Notes and 2031 Notes are issued by the Operating Partnership and guaranteed, fully and unconditionally, by us. 
 47 

These guarantees are subordinated to all existing and future senior debt and senior guarantees of us, as guarantor, and are unsecured. We conduct all of our business through and derive virtually all of our income from our subsidiaries. Therefore, our ability to make required payments with respect to our indebtedness (including the Senior Notes) and other obligations depends on the financial results and condition of our subsidiaries and our ability to receive funds from our subsidiaries. 
 In accordance with Regulation S-X, the following aggregate summarized financial information is provided for Sabra and the Operating Partnership. This aggregate summarized financial information has been prepared from the books and records maintained by us and the Operating Partnership. The aggregate summarized financial information does not include the investments in, nor the earnings from, subsidiaries other than the Operating Partnership and therefore is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations or financial position had the Operating Partnership operated as an independent entity. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated. The aggregate summarized balance sheet information as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and aggregate summarized statement of loss information for the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows (in thousands): As of December 31, 2022 2021 Total assets 74,063 117,755 Total liabilities 2,275,511 2,287,485 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Total revenues 2,423 Total expenses 125,532 Net loss (124,391) 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 Concentrations of credit risk arise when a number of tenants or obligors related to our investments are engaged in similar business activities, or activities in the same geographic region, or have similar economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations, including those to us, to be similarly affected by changes in economic conditions. We regularly monitor our portfolio to assess potential concentrations of risks. 
 Management believes our current portfolio is reasonably diversified across healthcare related real estate and geographical location and does not contain any other significant concentration of credit risks. Our portfolio of 402 real estate properties held for investment as of December 31, 2022 is diversified by location across the U.S. and Canada. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, no tenant relationship represented 10 or more of our total revenues. 
 Skilled Nursing Facility Reimbursement Rates 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 (excluding lease termination income of 2.5 million), 47.5 of our revenues was derived directly or indirectly from skilled nursing/transitional care facilities. Medicare reimburses skilled nursing facilities for Medicare Part A services under the Prospective Payment System PPS ), as implemented pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 and modified pursuant to subsequent laws, most recently the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010. PPS regulations predetermine a payment amount per patient, per day, based on a market basket index calculated for all covered costs. 
 On October 1, 2019, a case-mix classification system called the skilled nursing facility Patient-Driven Payment Model PDPM became effective pursuant to a CMS final rule. PDPM focuses on clinically relevant factors, rather than volume-based service, for determining Medicare payment. PDPM adjusts Medicare payments based on each aspect of a resident s care, most notably for non-therapy ancillaries, which are items and services not related to the provision of therapy such as drugs and medical supplies, thereby more accurately addressing costs associated with medically complex patients. It further adjusts the skilled nursing facility per diem payments to reflect varying costs throughout the stay and incorporates safeguards against potential financial incentives to ensure that beneficiaries receive care consistent with their unique needs and goals. 
 On July 29, 2021, CMS released a final rule updating fiscal year 2022 Medicare rates for skilled nursing facilities providing an estimated net increase of 1.2 over fiscal year 2021 (comprised of a market basket increase of 2.7 less a forecast error adjustment of 0.8 and a productivity adjustment of 0.7 ). These figures do not incorporate any of the estimated value-based purchasing reductions for skilled nursing facilities. No adjustments were made to the PDPM rate methodology in the final rule. The new payment rates became effective on October 1, 2021. 
 48 

On July 29, 2022, CMS issued a final rule regarding fiscal year 2023 Medicare rates for skilled nursing facilities providing an estimated net increase of 2.7 compared to fiscal year 2022 comprised of an increase as a result of an update to the payment rates of 5.1 (which is based on (i) a market basket increase of 3.9 plus (ii) a market basket forecast error adjustment of 1.5 and less (iii) a productivity adjustment of 0.3 ), partially offset by the recalibrated PDPM parity adjustment of 2.3 (the total PDPM parity adjustment is 4.6 , and it is being phased in over a two-year period). These figures do not incorporate any of the estimated value-based purchasing reductions for skilled nursing facilities. The new payment rates became effective on October 1, 2022. 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, several federal relief packages were approved that have benefited and may continue to benefit our tenants, especially our tenants that operate skilled nursing/transitional care facilities. 
 On March 18, 2020, President Trump signed into law the Families First Coronavirus Response Act Families First Act ). Under the Families First Act, a temporary 6.2 increase in Federal Medical Assistance Percentages FMAP was approved retroactive to January 1, 2020, and several states have directed FMAP funds to skilled nursing/transitional care facilities. 
 On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed into law The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The CARES Act provides for a 178 billion Provider Relief Fund PRF for eligible health care providers, which includes skilled nursing/transitional care operators, and as of September 1, 2020 also includes assisted living facility operators. Nearly all of such appropriated amount has been funded through four phases of general distributions, various targeted distributions and certain performance-based incentive payments, and such distributions have effectively ended. The CARES Act also included, among other things, a temporary suspension of 2 Medicare sequestration cut beginning May 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, which was extended through March 31, 2022 after which a 1 payment adjustment was in effect from April through June 2022, and a further 1 payment adjustment became effective July 1, 2022. 
 In addition, there have been other actions taken that benefit skilled nursing/transitional care operators, including the waiver of the requirement for skilled nursing/transitional care patients to have stayed in a hospital for three days in order for services rendered in a skilled nursing/transitional care facility to qualify for Medicare Part A and relaxation of certification requirements for employees performing non-clinical services in these facilities. 
 The Department of Health and Human Services HHS most recently extended the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency for another 90 days, effective January 11, 2023, which allows HHS to continue providing temporary regulatory waivers, including the waiver of the three-day hospital stay requirement, and new rules to equip skilled nursing facilities and some assisted living operators with flexibility to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, the FMAP funding increase will remain in effect through June 30, 2023. On January 30, 2023, the Biden Administration announced its intent to further extend and end the emergency declaration on May 11, 2023. 
 With distributions from the PRF effectively completed, many states have increased their support to skilled nursing/transitional care operators. States have discretion regarding the distribution of the FMAP funds to healthcare providers, and several states have continued, and in some cases extended, these benefits to providers and/or increased their base Medicaid reimbursement rates outside of the continuation or extension of FMAP. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to various market risks, primarily related to adverse changes in interest rates and the exchange rate for Canadian dollars. We use derivative instruments in the normal course of business to mitigate interest rate and foreign currency risk. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. See Note 9, Derivative and Hedging Instruments, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of our derivative instruments. 
 Interest rate risk. As of December 31, 2022, our indebtedness included 1.8 billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes outstanding, 528.5 million in Prior Term Loans, 197.0 million outstanding under the Prior Revolving Credit Facility and 50.1 million of secured indebtedness to third parties on certain of the properties that our subsidiaries own. As of December 31, 2022, we had 725.5 million of outstanding variable rate indebtedness and 803.0 million available for borrowing under our Prior Revolving Credit Facility. 
 We expect to manage our exposure to interest rate risk by maintaining a mix of fixed and variable rates for our indebtedness. We also may manage, or hedge, interest rate risks related to our borrowings through interest rate swap and collar agreements. As of December 31, 2022, we had interest rate swaps that fix and interest rate collars that set a cap and floor for the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR portion of the interest rate for 436.3 million of LIBOR-based borrowings under the U.S. dollar Term Loan at a weighted average rate of 1.14 and interest rate swaps that fix the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate 
 49 

CDOR portion of the interest rate for CAD 125.0 million of CDOR-based borrowings under the Canadian dollar Term Loan at 1.10 . 
 From time to time, we may borrow under the Revolving Credit Facility to finance future investments in properties, including any improvements or renovations of current or newly acquired properties, or for other purposes. Because borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, as amended and restated effective January 4, 2023, bear interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to a ratings-based applicable interest margin plus, CDOR for Canadian dollar borrowings, or at the Operating Partnership s option for U.S. dollar borrowings, either (a) Daily Simple SOFR, as defined in the Credit Agreement, or (b) a base rate determined as the greater of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.5 , (ii) the prime rate, (iii) Term SOFR, as defined in the Credit Agreement, plus 1.0 , and (iv) 1.00 , the interest rate we will be required to pay on any such borrowings will depend on then applicable rates and may vary. An increase in interest rates could make the financing of any investment by us more costly. Rising interest rates could also limit our ability to refinance our debt when it matures or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing and increase interest expense on refinanced indebtedness. 
 Assuming a 100 basis point increase or decrease in the index underlying our variable rate debt, and after giving effect to the impact of interest rate derivative instruments, interest expense would increase or decrease by 1.9 million, for the twelve months following December 31, 2022. 
 For a discussion of the interest rate risks related to the current capital and credit markets, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Foreign currency risk. We are exposed to changes in foreign exchange rates as a result of our investments in Canadian real estate. Our foreign currency exposure is partially mitigated through the use of Canadian dollar denominated debt totaling CAD 329.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and cross currency swap instruments. Based on our operating results for the three months ended December 31, 2022, if the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar were to increase or decrease by 10 compared to the average exchange rate during the three months ended December 31, 2022, our cash flows would have decreased or increased, as applicable, by less than 0.1 million. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 See the Index to Financial Statements at page F-1 of this 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon, and as of the date of, the evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria described in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on our evaluation using 
 50 

the criteria described in Internal Control Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in this Form 10-K, as stated in their attestation report which is included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Except as provided below, the information required under Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 Code of Conduct and Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our directors and team members, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Our Code of Conduct and Ethics can be found in the Investors Corporate Governance section of our website at www.sabrahealth.com . Waivers from, and amendments to, our Code of Conduct and Ethics that apply to our directors, executive officers or persons performing similar functions will be timely posted in the Investors Corporate Governance section of our website at www.sabrahealth.com to the extent required by applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required under Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required under Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required under Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 51 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required under Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 52 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this 10-K: 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at page F-1 of this report. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following financial statement schedules are included herein at pages F- 40 
 through F- 57 
 of this report: 
 Schedule III - Real Estate Assets and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 2022 
 Schedule IV - Mortgage Loans on Real Estate as of December 31, 2022 
 All other schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable or not required or the information is included elsewhere in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
 The Enlivant Joint Venture (as defined below) was deemed a significant equity investee under Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As such, financial statements of the Enlivant Joint Venture are required to be filed as an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K within 90 days after the end of Sabra's fiscal year. Accordingly, financial statements of the Enlivant Joint Venture as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 are to be filed via an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K on or before March 31, 2023. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith or are incorporated by reference, as specified below, to exhibits previously filed with the SEC. 

EXHIBIT LIST 
 Ex. Description 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., dated October 20, 2010, filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland on October 21, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on October 26, 2010). 
 3.1.1 Articles of Amendment of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., dated as of July 31, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on July 31, 2017). 
 3.1.2 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., dated as of June 9, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on June 12, 2020). 
 3.1.3 Articles Supplementary of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., dated as of December 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on December 16, 2022). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on December 16 , 2022). 
 4.1 Description of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. s Capital Stock. 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of May 23, 2013, among Sabra Health Care Limited Partnership, Sabra Capital Corporation, Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on May 23, 2013). 
 4.2.2 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated October 7, 2019, among Sabra Health Care Limited Partnership, Sabra Capital Corporation, Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on October 7, 2019). 
 4.3 Form of 3.90 senior note due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.2.2). 
 
 53 

Ex. Description 4.4 Indenture, dated as of July 14, 2016, by and among Care Capital Properties, LP, Care Capital Properties, Inc., Care Capital Properties GP, LLC and Regions Bank, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on August 23, 2017). 
 4.4.1 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 17, 2017, by and among Care Capital Properties, LP, PR Sub, LLC, Care Capital Properties GP, LLC and Regions Bank, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on August 23, 2017). 
 4.4.2 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 17, 2017, by and among Sabra Health Care Limited Partnership as successor to Care Capital Properties, LP, Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., Care Capital Properties GP, LLC and Regions Bank, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on August 23, 2017). 
 4.4.3 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 17, 2017, by and among Sabra Health Care Limited Partnership, Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., Care Capital Properties GP, LLC and Regions Bank, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on August 23, 2017). 
 4.4.4 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 18, 2017, by and among Sabra Health Care Limited Partnership, Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. and Regions Bank, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on August 23, 2017). 
 4.5 Form of 5.125 senior note due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.4). 
 4.6 Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2021, among Sabra Health Care Limited Partnership, Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on September 30, 2021). 
 4.6.1 First Supplemental Indenture, dated September 30, 2021, among Sabra Health Care Limited Partnership, Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on September 30, 2021). 
 4.7 Form of 3.200 senior note due 2031 (included in Exhibit 4.6.1). 
 4.8 Form of Indenture for Senior Debt Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. and Sabra Health Care Limited Partnership on December 11, 2019). 
 10.1 Limited Partnership Agreement of Sabra Health Care Limited Partnership, dated as of November 15, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-171820) filed by the issuers and guarantors on January 21, 2011). 
 10.1.1 First Amendment to the Limited Partnership Agreement by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. and Sabra Health Care, LLC, dated March 21, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on March 21, 2013). 
 10.2 Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated January 4, 2023, among Sabra Health Care Limited Partnership and Sabra Canadian Holdings, LLC, as Borrowers; Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., as a guarantor; the other guarantors party thereto; the lenders party thereto; Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer; Citizens Bank, National Association, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents and L/C Issuers; The Bank of Nova Scotia, Fifth Third Bank, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Keybank National Association, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., and Truist Bank, as Co-Documentation Agents; BofA Securities, Inc., as Joint Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner; and Citizens Bank, National Association, Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on January 5, 2023). 
 10.3 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into with each of the directors and officers of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on January 3, 2022). 
 10.4+ Employment Agreement, dated December 24, 2019, between Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. and Richard K. Matros (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on December 27, 2019). 
 10.5+ Employment Agreement, dated December 24, 2019, between Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. and Talya Nevo-Hacohen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on December 27, 2019). 
 
 54 

Ex. Description 10.6+ Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 2022, by and between Michael Costa and Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on January 3, 2022). 
 10.7 Consulting Agreement, dated December 30, 2021, by and between Harold W. Andrews, Jr. and Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on January 3, 2022). 
 10.8+ Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. 2009 Performance Incentive Plan, effective April 21, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on June 21, 2017). 
 10.9.1+ Form of Notice and Terms and Conditions of Stock Unit Award (Time-Based Stock Units) (for Executive Officers), adopted December 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8.1 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on February 24, 2020). 
 10.9.2+ Form of Notice and Terms and Conditions of Stock Unit Award (FFO Units) (for Executive Officers), adopted December 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8.2 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on February 24, 2020). 
 10.9.3+ Form of Notice and Terms and Conditions of Stock Unit Award (TSR Units) (for Executive Officers), adopted December 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8.3 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on February 22, 2021). 
 10.9.4+ Form of Notice and Terms and Conditions of Stock Unit Award (for Non-Employee Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on November 1, 2017). 
 10.9.5+ Non-Employee Directors Stock-for-Fees Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10.5 of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-171820-26) filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on January 21, 2011). 
 10.10+ Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. Directors Compensation Policy, effective January 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on February 25, 2019). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. 
 22.1 List of Subsidiary Issuers and Guarantors of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 22.1 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on February 22, 2021). 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 55 

56 

Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. + Designates a management compensation plan, contract or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 F-57 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 11 
 Financial Statement Schedules Schedule III Real Estate Assets and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 2022 
 F- 40 
 Schedule IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate as of December 31, 2022 
 F- 57 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of (loss) income, of comprehensive (loss) income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 F-2 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Impairment Assessments of Real Estate Investments 
 
 As described in Notes 2, 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s real estate investments net carrying value was 5.0 billion as of December 31, 2022. Management regularly monitors events and changes in circumstances, including investment operating performance and general market conditions, that could indicate that the carrying amounts of its real estate investments may not be recoverable. When indicators of potential impairment suggest that the carrying value of real estate investments may not be recoverable, the Company assesses the recoverability by estimating whether the Company will recover the carrying value of its real estate investments through the undiscounted future cash flows and the eventual disposition of the investment. The undiscounted future cash flows used to assess recoverability are based on several assumptions and are probability-weighted based on the Company s best estimates as of the date of evaluation. These assumptions include, among others, market rent, revenue and expense growth rates, absorption period, stabilized occupancy, holding period, market capitalization rates, and estimated market values based on analysis of letters of intent, purchase and sale agreements and recent sales data for comparable properties. If, based on this analysis, the Company does not believe that it will be able to recover the carrying value of its real estate investments, the Company would record an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of its real estate investments. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the impairment assessments of real estate investments is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in (a) identifying events and changes in circumstances that are indicators of impairment related to the performance of the investment and market conditions and (b) developing the undiscounted future cash flows utilized in the recoverability assessment of real estate investments with potential impairment and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to (a) management s identification of events or changes in circumstances related to the performance of the investment and market conditions and (b) management s probability weightings and assumptions used in the undiscounted future cash flows related to market rent, revenue and expense growth rates, absorption period, stabilized occupancy, holding period and market capitalization rates (collectively referred to as the significant assumptions ). 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s impairment assessments of investments in real estate properties, including controls over management s (a) identification of events and changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amounts of the real estate investments may not be recoverable and (b) recoverability assessment of real estate investments with potential impairment. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management's process for (a) identifying events and changes in circumstances that are indicators of impairment and (b) assessing the recoverability of the real estate investments with potential impairments, (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the undiscounted cash flow models and probability weightings used in the recoverability assessment process, (iii) testing the completeness, accuracy, relevance and reliability of the underlying data used in the undiscounted cash flow models, (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of management s assessment of events and changes in circumstances that are indicators of impairment related to performance of the investment and general market conditions indicating that the carrying amounts of its real estate investments may not be recoverable by considering the consistency with the current and past performance of the real estate investment and the consistency with external market and industry data, and (v) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used in the undiscounted future cash flows of real estate investments with potential impairment by considering the consistency of the significant assumptions with the current and past performance of the real estate investments, the consistency with external market and industry data, and whether these significant assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 F-3 

Impairment Assessments of the Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Venture 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the carrying value of the Company s investment in unconsolidated joint venture was 135.0 million as of December 31, 2022. Management regularly monitors events and changes in circumstances, including the investment operating performance, change in anticipated holding period and general market conditions, that could indicate that the carrying amount of its investment in the unconsolidated joint venture may be impaired. The investment in the unconsolidated joint venture is impaired when the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value and management determines the decline in value is other-than-temporary. The fair value is estimated based on discounted cash flows models that include all estimated cash inflows and outflows and any estimated debt premiums or discounts. The discounted cash flows are based on several assumptions including management fee, absorption period, terminal capitalization rates, revenue and expense per bed, revenue and expense growth percentage, replacement reserve per unit, stabilized occupancy, stabilized operating margin, price per bed and discount rates. If, based on this analysis, management believes that there is an other-than-temporary decline in the value of its investment in the unconsolidated joint venture, management would record an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of its investment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, management determined that a 57.8 million other-than-temporary decline had occurred and an impairment charge was required. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the impairment assessments of the investment in the unconsolidated joint venture is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in (a) identifying events and changes in circumstances that are indicators of impairment related to the investment operating performance, change in anticipated holding period and general market conditions and (b) developing the fair value of the investment in the unconsolidated joint venture with potential other-than-temporary impairment, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to (a) management s identification of the events and changes in circumstances related to the investment operating performance, change in anticipated holding period and general market conditions and (b) management s assumptions used to develop the fair value related to revenue per occupied room per month, market rent growth percentage, stabilized occupancy, absorption period, stabilized expenses per bed, expense growth percentage, management fee percentage, replacement reserve per unit, terminal capitalization rate and discount rate (collectively referred to as the significant assumptions ), and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s impairment assessments of the investment in the unconsolidated joint venture including controls over management s (a) identification of events and changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of the investment may not be recoverable and (b) developing the fair value of the investment. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management's process for (a) identifying events and changes in circumstances that are indicators of impairment and (b) developing the fair value of the investment, (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow models used in developing the fair value of the investment, (iii) testing the completeness, accuracy, relevance and reliability of the underlying data used in the impairment assessment processes, (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of management s assessment of the events and changes in circumstances that are indicators of impairment related to investment operating performance, change in anticipated holding period and general market conditions by considering the consistency with current and past performance of the investment and external market and industry data, and (v) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used to develop the fair value by considering the consistency with current and past performance of the investment, the consistency with external market and industry data, and whether the significant assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the appropriateness of management s discounted cash flow models and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 21, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 F-4 

SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Real estate investments, net of accumulated depreciation of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Loans receivable and other investments, net Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Lease intangible assets, net Accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, net Total assets Liabilities Secured debt, net Revolving credit facility Term loans, net Senior unsecured notes, net Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Lease intangible liabilities, net Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) Equity Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Cumulative distributions in excess of net income ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF (LOSS) INCOME 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Rental and related revenues (Note 4) Resident fees and services Interest and other income Total revenues Expenses: Depreciation and amortization Interest Triple-net portfolio operating expenses Senior housing - managed portfolio operating expenses General and administrative Provision for loan losses and other reserves Impairment of real estate Total expenses Other (expense) income: Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Other (expense) income ) Net (loss) gain on sales of real estate ) Total other (expense) income ) ) Income before loss from unconsolidated joint ventures and income tax expense Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Net (loss) income, per: Basic common share ) ) Diluted common share ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, basic Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (in thousands, except footnote data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges (1) 
 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) 
 (1) , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-7 

SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Equity Shares Amounts Balance, December 31, 2019 ) ) Cumulative effect of Topic 326 adoption ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Amortization of stock-based compensation Common stock issuance, net Common dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Amortization of stock-based compensation Common stock issuance, net Common dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Amortization of stock-based compensation Common stock issuance, net ) ) Common dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash rental and related revenues ) Non-cash interest income ) ) ) Non-cash interest expense Stock-based compensation expense Loss on extinguishment of debt Provision for loan losses and other reserves Net loss (gain) on sales of real estate ) ) Impairment of real estate Other-than-temporary impairment of unconsolidated joint ventures Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures Other non-cash items Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, net ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of real estate ) ) ) Origination and fundings of loans receivable ) ) ) Origination and fundings of preferred equity investments ) ) ) Additions to real estate ) ) ) Escrow deposits for potential investments ) Repayments of loans receivable Repayments of preferred equity investments Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures ) Net proceeds from the sales of real estate Deposits for potential sale of real estate Distributions in excess of earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net borrowings from revolving credit facility Proceeds from issuance of senior unsecured notes Principal payments on senior unsecured notes ) Principal payments on term loans ) ) Principal payments on secured debt ) ) ) Payments of deferred financing costs ) ) ) Payments related to extinguishment of debt ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Issuance of common stock, net ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Effect of foreign currency translation on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid Income taxes paid Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities: Decrease in loans receivable and other investments due to acquisition of real estate Secured debt assumed by buyer in connection with sale of real estate 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-10 

SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

2. 
 
 t the primary beneficiary of any VIEs. 
 As it relates to investments in loans, in addition to the Company s assessment of VIEs and whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of those VIEs, the Company evaluates the loan terms and other pertinent facts to determine whether the loan investment should be accounted for as a loan or as a real estate joint venture. If an investment has the characteristics of a real estate joint venture, including if the Company participates in the majority of the borrower s expected residual profit, the Company would account for the investment as an investment in a real estate joint venture and not as a loan investment. Expected residual profit is defined as the amount of profit, whether called interest or another name, such as an equity kicker, above a reasonable amount of interest and fees expected to be earned by a lender. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, of the Company s investments in loans were accounted for as real estate joint ventures. 
 F-11 

Use of Estimates 
 
 Real Estate Investments and Rental Revenue Recognition 
 to years; buildings and building improvements, five to years; and furniture and equipment, three to years. Intangibles are generally amortized over the remaining noncancellable lease terms, with tenant relationship intangible amortization periods including extension periods. 
 Impairment of Real Estate Investments 
 The Company regularly monitors events and changes in circumstances, including investment operating performance and general market conditions, that could indicate that the carrying amounts of its real estate investments may not be recoverable. When indicators of potential impairment suggest that the carrying value of real estate investments may not be recoverable, the Company assesses the recoverability by estimating whether the Company will recover the carrying value of its real estate investments through the undiscounted future cash flows and the eventual disposition of the investment. In some instances, there may be various potential outcomes for an investment and its potential undiscounted future cash flows. In these instances, the 
 F-12 

Government Grants 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the amount of qualifying expenditures exceeded amounts recognized under the CARES Act and other programs, and the Company had complied with all grant conditions. Accordingly, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized million, million and million, respectively, of grants in resident fees and services, and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of grants in loss from unconsolidated joint ventures in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income. 
 Assets Held for Sale, Dispositions and Discontinued Operations 
 
 F-13 

t have any assets held for sale. 
 For sales of real estate where the Company has collected the consideration to which it is entitled in exchange for transferring the real estate, the related assets and liabilities are removed from the balance sheet and the resultant gain or loss is recorded in the period in which the transaction closes. Any post-sale involvement is accounted for as separate performance obligations, and when the separate performance obligations are satisfied, the portion of the sales price allocated to each such obligation is recognized. 
 
 Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 Loans Receivable, Sales-Type Lease and Credit Losses 
 F-14 

Preferred Equity Investments and Preferred Return 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Restricted Cash 
 
 F-15 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, restricted cash totaled million and million, respectively, and restricted cash obligations totaled million and million, respectively. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 Deferred Financing Costs 
 
 Income Taxes 
 F-16 

Foreign Currency 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 F-17 

Per Share Data 
 See Note 14, Earnings Per Common Share. 
 Industry Segments 
 reportable segment consisting of investments in healthcare-related real estate properties. 
 Beds, Units and Other Measures 
 The number of beds, units and other measures used to describe the Company s real estate investments included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are presented on an unaudited basis. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards Update 
 F-18 

3. 
 Senior Housing - Managed communities and behavioral health facility. of the investments were part of the Company s proprietary development pipeline and were previously reflected as preferred equity investments which had an aggregate book value of million at the time of acquisition. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company acquired Senior Housing - Managed communities, Senior Housing - Leased community, behavioral health facilities and land to develop skilled nursing/transitional care facility. 
 Building and improvements Tenant origination and absorption costs intangible assets Tenant relationship intangible assets Total consideration 
 The tenant origination and absorption costs intangible assets and tenant relationship intangible assets had weighted-average amortization periods as of the respective dates of acquisition of and years, respectively, for acquisitions completed during the year ended December 31, 2022. The tenant origination and absorption costs intangible assets and tenant relationship intangible assets had weighted-average amortization periods as of the respective dates of acquisition of and years, respectively, for acquisitions completed during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million and million of total revenues and net loss, respectively, from the facilities acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million and million of total revenues and net income, respectively, from the facilities acquired during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

4. 
 ) Senior Housing - Leased ) Senior Housing - Managed ) Behavioral Health ) Specialty Hospitals and Other ) ) Corporate Level ) ) 
 F-19 

) Senior Housing - Leased ) Senior Housing - Managed ) Behavioral Health ) Specialty Hospitals and Other ) ) Corporate Level ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Building and improvements Furniture and equipment Land improvements Land Total real estate at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total real estate investments, net 
 Operating Leases 
 As of December 31, 2022, the substantial majority of the Company s real estate properties (excluding Senior Housing - Managed communities) were leased under triple-net operating leases with expirations ranging from less than to years. As of December 31, 2022, the leases had a weighted-average remaining term of . The leases generally include provisions to extend the lease terms and other negotiated terms and conditions. The Company, through its subsidiaries, retains substantially all of the risks and benefits of ownership of the real estate assets leased to the tenants. The Company may receive additional security under these operating leases in the form of letters of credit and security deposits from the lessee or guarantees from the parent of the lessee. Security deposits received in cash related to tenant leases are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and letters of credit deposited with the Company totaled approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the Company s tenants have deposited with the Company million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for future real estate taxes, insurance expenditures and tenant improvements related to the Company s properties and their operations, and these amounts are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Lessor costs that are paid by the lessor and reimbursed by the lessee are included in the measurement of variable lease revenue and the associated expense. As a result, the Company recognized variable lease revenue and the associated expense of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company monitors the creditworthiness of its tenants by evaluating the ability of the tenants to meet their lease obligations to the Company based on the tenants financial performance, including, as applicable and appropriate, the evaluation of any parent guarantees (or the guarantees of other related parties) of such lease obligations. The primary basis for the Company s evaluation of the credit quality of its tenants (and more specifically the tenant s ability to pay their rent obligations to the Company) is the tenant s lease coverage ratio as supplemented by the parent s fixed charge coverage ratio for those entities with a parent guarantee. These coverage ratios include earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and rent EBITDAR to rent and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and management fees EBITDARM to rent at the lease level and consolidated EBITDAR to total fixed charges at the parent guarantor level when such a guarantee exists. The Company obtains various financial and operational information from the majority of its tenants each month and reviews this information in conjunction with the above-described coverage metrics to identify financial and operational trends, evaluate the impact of the industry s operational and financial environment (including the impact of government reimbursement), and evaluate the management of the tenant s operations. These metrics help the Company identify 
 F-20 

million of straight-line rent receivable balances, and in 2022, Avamere s lease was amended to, among other things, reduce Avamere s annual base rent to million from million, effective February 1, 2022. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company concluded that its leases with North American Health Care, Inc. North American should no longer be accounted for on an accrual basis and wrote off million of straight-line rent receivable balances related to these leases. In addition, during the third quarter of 2022, the Company terminated its leases with North American; however, North American remained in possession of the buildings and the lease termination was therefore accounted for as a lease modification. As a result of this accounting treatment, the Company adjusted the remaining useful lives of the existing lease intangibles with respect to these leases to reflect the new estimated period of occupancy. The facilities were transitioned to the Ensign Group or Avamere, as applicable, effective February 1, 2023. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, no tenant relationship represented 10 or more of the Company s total revenues. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Senior Housing - Managed Communities 
 The Company s Senior Housing - Managed communities offer residents certain ancillary services that are not contemplated in the lease with each resident (i.e., housekeeping, laundry, guest meals, etc.). These services are provided and paid for in addition to the standard services included in each resident lease (i.e., room and board, standard meals, etc.). The Company bills residents for ancillary services one month in arrears and recognizes revenue as the services are provided, as the Company has no continuing performance obligation related to those services. Resident fees and services includes ancillary service revenue of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Capital and Other Expenditures 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s aggregate commitment for future capital and other expenditures associated with facilities leased under triple-net operating leases was approximately million. These commitments are principally for improvements to its facilities. 
 F-21 

Marlin Spring Joint Venture Senior Housing - Managed Enlivant Joint Venture (2) 
 Senior Housing - Managed 
 (1) These investments are not consolidated because the Company does not control, through voting rights or other means, the joint ventures. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2021, the book value of the Company s investment in the Enlivant Joint Venture (as defined below) includes an unamortized basis difference of million. The unamortized basis difference is related to the difference between the amount the Company purchased its interest in the Enlivant Joint Venture for and the historical cost basis of the assets. 
 During 2022, the Company formed a joint venture with Marlin Spring (the Marlin Spring Joint Venture ), and the Marlin Spring Joint Venture completed the acquisition of senior housing communities that are being managed by third-party property managers. The gross investment by the Marlin Spring Joint Venture totaled CAD million, excluding acquisition costs. In addition, the Marlin Spring Joint Venture financed and assumed an aggregate CAD million of debt. 
 During 2022, the Company formed a joint venture with Sienna Senior Living (the Sienna Joint Venture ), and the Sienna Joint Venture completed the acquisition of senior housing communities that are being managed by Sienna Senior Living. The gross investment by the Sienna Joint Venture totaled CAD million, excluding acquisition costs. In addition, the Sienna Joint Venture assumed CAD million of debt. 
 During the second quarter of 2021, the Company re-evaluated its plans with respect to its joint venture with affiliates of TPG Real Estate, the real estate platform of TPG (the Enlivant Joint Venture and determined that it intends to eventually exit its stake. The Company concluded that the carrying value exceeded the estimated fair value of the investment and deemed the decline to be other-than-temporary. This resulted in the Company recording an impairment charge totaling million during the three months ended June 30, 2021. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, due to the confluence of labor shortages, increased labor costs, elevated interest rates and a slower than anticipated recovery in the operating performance of the underlying facilities, the Company concluded that the estimated fair value of its investment in the Enlivant Joint Venture had further declined to based on updated future cash flow analyses. Given the Company s intent to sell the portfolio, the Company believes it is unlikely that it will hold its investment in the Enlivant Joint Venture for an adequate period of time to recover this estimated decline in value. As such, this decline was deemed to be other-than-temporary and the Company recorded an impairment charge totaling million during the three months ended December 31, 2022. This impairment is included in loss from unconsolidated joint ventures on the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income. 
 Determining the estimated fair value of the Company s investment as of December 31, 2022 was based on significant unobservable assumptions. The Company estimated the then current fair value of its investment in the Enlivant Joint Venture based on a discounted cash flow analysis, using a holding period of years, terminal capitalization rate of and discount rate of . The assumptions to determine fair value are Level 3 inputs in accordance with the hierarchy established under the GAAP fair value framework. 
 Summarized Financial Information 
 Total liabilities Member s deficit ) ) 
 F-22 

Operating expenses (1) 
 Net (loss) income ) ) Company s share of net (loss) income ) ) Basis adjustments Other-than-temporary impairment Loss from unconsolidated joint venture ) ) ) 
 (1) During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, TPG caused the Enlivant Joint Venture to fund million and million, respectively, of payments to Enlivant beyond amounts contractually required under the management agreement. These payments were to support the operations of Enlivant and are reflected as operating expenses. Funding for the support payments did not require capital contributions from Sabra but rather were funded with proceeds received by the Enlivant Joint Venture from TPG for the issuance of senior preferred interests or with cash on hand at the Enlivant Joint Venture. 
 Certain amounts in the financial information have been reclassified to conform to Sabra s presentation. For the Enlivant Joint Venture, except for basis adjustments, other-than-temporary impairment and loss from unconsolidated joint venture, the financial information reflects the historical cost basis of the assets which pre-dated the Company s investment in the Enlivant Joint Venture. In addition, the Company s share of net (loss) income in the Enlivant Joint Venture excludes certain equity-like compensation expense and the related income tax impact as such expense is not the responsibility of the Company under the terms of the joint venture agreement. 
 Net Investment in Sales-Type Lease 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a million net investment in skilled nursing/transitional care facility leased to a tenant under a sales-type lease, as the tenant is obligated to purchase the property at the end of the lease term. The net investment in sales-type lease is recorded in accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, net on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and represents the present value of total rental payments of million, plus the estimated purchase price of million, less the unearned lease income of million and allowance for credit losses of million as of December 31, 2022. Unearned lease income represents the excess of the minimum lease payments and residual value over the cost of the investment. Unearned lease income is deferred and amortized to income over the lease term to provide a constant yield when collectability of the lease payments is reasonably assured. Income from the Company s net investment in sales-type lease was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is reflected in interest and other income on the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income. During each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, the Company reduced its allowance for credit losses by million, and during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company increased its allowance for credit losses by million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company was required to recognize a million gain on sale of real estate prior to the sale to the tenant as a result of a lease modification and reassessing the classification of the lease and determining it should be accounted for as a sales-type lease. Future minimum lease payments contractually due under the sales-type lease at December 31, 2022, were million for 2023. 

5. 
 million, million and million, respectively, related to , and facilities, respectively, that have either sold or are under contract to sell. 
 To estimate the fair value of the impaired facilities, the Company utilized a market approach which considered binding sale agreements, non-binding offers from unrelated third parties or model-derived valuations with significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements), as applicable. 
 The Company continues to evaluate additional assets for sale as part of its initiative to recycle capital and further improve its portfolio quality. This could lead to a shorter hold period and could result in the determination that the full amount of the Company s investment is not recoverable, resulting in an impairment charge which could be material. 
 F-23 

Consideration, net of closing costs Net carrying value ) Net (loss) income (1) 
 ) 
 (1) In addition to net gain on sale, net (loss) income includes impairment of real estate of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The sale of the disposition facilities does not represent a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results, and therefore the results of operations attributable to these facilities have remained in continuing operations. 

6. 
 Tenant origination and absorption costs Tenant relationship Gross lease intangible assets Accumulated amortization ) ) Lease intangible assets, net Lease Intangible Liabilities: Below market leases Accumulated amortization ) ) Lease intangible liabilities, net 
 ) Depreciation and amortization related to tenant origination and absorption costs and tenant relationship ) ) ) 
 (1) Balance for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes million of accelerated amortization related to the above market lease intangible associated with the Company s lease with Avamere. See Note 4, Investment in Real Estate Properties, for further discussion. 
 F-24 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Weighted-average remaining amortization period years years 

7. 
 
 Behavioral Health 11/01/26 - 01/31/27 Construction Other Multiple 02/03/23 - 08/31/28 Allowance for loan losses ) ) Other Investments: Preferred Equity Skilled Nursing / Senior Housing N/A Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has committed to provide up to million of future funding related to preferred equity investments. 
 F-25 

Provision for loan losses Balance at the end of the year As of December 31, 2022 2021 Deteriorated credit quality: Number of loans receivable investments Principal balance Book value Nonaccrual status: Number of loans receivable investments Book value 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not consider any preferred equity investments to be impaired, and no preferred equity investments were on nonaccrual status. 

8. 
 May 2031 - August 2051 
 (1) Principal balance does not include deferred financing costs, net of million as of each of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (2) Weighted average effective interest rate includes private mortgage insurance. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid million of debt secured by facilities. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold facilities and repaid million of debt secured by the facilities which resulted in a million loss on extinguishment of debt related to write-offs of deferred financing costs. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company sold facilities that secured an aggregate million of debt which was assumed by the buyers of the facilities and recognized a million loss on extinguishment of debt related to write-offs of deferred financing costs in connection with the sales. 
 F-26 

senior unsecured notes due 2026 
 August 15, 2026 senior unsecured notes due 2027 
 May 17, 2027 senior unsecured notes due 2029 
 October 15, 2029 senior unsecured notes due 2031 
 December 1, 2031 
 (1) Principal balance does not include discount, net of million and deferred financing costs, net of million as of December 31, 2022 and does not include discount, net of million and deferred financing costs, net of million as of December 31, 2021. In addition, the weighted average effective interest rate as of December 31, 2022 was . 
 Notes Due 2024. On May 29, 2019, the Operating Partnership and Sabra Capital Corporation, wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company (the Issuers ), completed an underwritten public offering of million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2024 (the 2024 Notes ). The net proceeds were million after deducting underwriting discounts and other offering expenses. 
 On October 7, 2021, the Issuers redeemed all million aggregate principal amount outstanding of the 2024 Notes at a cash redemption price of of the principal amount being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The redemption resulted in million of redemption related costs and write-offs for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisting of million in payments made to noteholders and legal fees for early redemption and million of write-offs associated with unamortized discount and deferred financing costs. 
 Notes Due 2026 . In connection with the Company s merger with Care Capital Properties CCP ), on August 17, 2017, the Operating Partnership assumed million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes issued by Care Capital Properties, LP in July 2016. The 2026 Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 of each year. 
 The Operating Partnership may, at its option, redeem the 2026 Notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part prior to their stated maturity. The redemption price for 2026 Notes that are redeemed will be equal to (i) of their principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to (but excluding) the date of redemption, plus, (ii) if redeemed prior to May 15, 2026, a make-whole premium. Assuming the 2026 Notes are not redeemed, the 2026 Notes mature on August 15, 2026. 
 Notes Due 2027 . In connection with the Company s merger with CCP, on August 17, 2017, the Operating Partnership assumed million aggregate principal amount of unregistered senior unsecured notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes issued by Care Capital Properties, LP in May 2016. The 2027 Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum payable semiannually on May 17 and November 17 of each year. 
 The Operating Partnership may prepay the 2027 Notes, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at of the principal amount to be prepaid plus a make-whole premium. Assuming the 2027 Notes are not redeemed, the 2027 Notes mature on May 17, 2027. 
 Notes Due 2029. On October 7, 2019, the Issuers completed an underwritten public offering of million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes ). The net proceeds were million after deducting underwriting discounts and other offering expenses. A portion of the net proceeds was used to redeem all million of unsecured senior notes due 2023 (the 2023 Notes ), and the remaining net proceeds were used to repay borrowings outstanding on the Prior Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below). The 2029 Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum payable semiannually on April 15 and October 15 of each year. In 2019, Sabra Capital Corporation s obligations as a co-issuer under the 2029 Notes were automatically released and discharged upon the redemption of the 2023 Notes. 
 The 2029 Notes are redeemable at the option of the Operating Partnership, in whole or in part at any time and from time to time, prior to July 15, 2029, at a price equal to of the principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date, plus a make-whole premium. The Operating Partnership may also redeem the 2029 Notes on or after July 15, 2029, at a price equal to of the principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest 
 F-27 

Notes Due 2031. On September 30, 2021, the Operating Partnership completed an underwritten public offering of million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes ). The net proceeds were million after deducting underwriting discounts and other offering expenses. The net proceeds were used to repay million of the Company s U.S. dollar Prior Term Loans (as defined below), redeem all of the 2024 Notes, as discussed above, and to fund a portion of one of the Company s mortgage loans. The 2031 Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing on June 1, 2022. 
 The 2031 Notes are redeemable at the option of the Operating Partnership, in whole or in part at any time and from time to time, prior to September 1, 2031, at a price equal to of the principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, plus a make-whole premium. The Operating Partnership may also redeem the 2031 Notes on or after September 1, 2031, at a price equal to of the principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. Assuming the 2031 Notes are not redeemed, the 2031 Notes mature on December 1, 2031. 
 The obligations under the 2027 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on an unsecured basis, by Sabra and one of its non-operating subsidiaries, subject to release under certain customary circumstances. The obligations under the 2026 Notes, 2029 Notes and 2031 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on an unsecured basis, by Sabra; provided, however, that such guarantee is subject to release under certain customary circumstances. 
 The indenture governing the 2026 Notes contains certain covenants that, among other things, limits the ability of Sabra, the Issuers and their subsidiaries to: (i) consummate a merger, consolidate or sell all or substantially all of our consolidated assets and (ii) incur secured or unsecured indebtedness. In addition, Sabra, the Operating Partnership and their subsidiaries are required to maintain at all times consolidated unencumbered total asset value in an amount not less than of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Company s consolidated unsecured debt. 
 The agreement governing the 2027 Notes provides for customary events of default, including, but not limited to, the failure to make payments of interest or premium, if any, on, or principal of, the 2027 Notes, the failure to comply with certain covenants and agreements specified in the agreement governing the 2027 Notes for a period of time after notice has been provided, the acceleration of other indebtedness resulting from the failure to pay principal on such other indebtedness prior to its maturity, and certain events of insolvency. In addition, certain change of control events constitute an event of default under the agreement governing the 2027 Notes. If any event of default occurs, the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued interest on all the then-outstanding 2027 Notes may become due and payable immediately. 
 The indenture governing the 2029 Notes and 2031 Notes contains restrictive covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of Sabra, the Issuers and their subsidiaries to: (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; (ii) incur or guarantee secured indebtedness; and (iii) merge or consolidate or sell all or substantially all of their assets. The indenture governing the 2029 Notes and 2031 Notes also provides for customary events of default, including, but not limited to, the failure to make payments of interest or premium, if any, on, or principal of, the 2029 Notes and 2031 Notes, the failure to comply with certain covenants and agreements specified in the indenture for a period of time after notice has been provided, the acceleration of other indebtedness resulting from the failure to pay principal on such other indebtedness prior to its maturity, and certain events of insolvency. If any event of default occurs, the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued interest on all the then-outstanding 2029 Notes and 2031 Notes may become due and payable immediately. The indenture governing the 2029 Notes and 2031 Notes requires Sabra, the Issuers and their subsidiaries to maintain Total Unencumbered Assets (as defined in the indentures) of at least of the Company s unsecured indebtedness. 
 The Company was in compliance with all applicable financial covenants under the indentures and agreements (the Senior Notes Indentures governing the 2026 Notes, 2027 Notes, 2029 Notes and 2031 Notes (collectively, the Senior Notes outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On September 9, 2019, the Operating Partnership and Sabra Canadian Holdings, LLC (together, the Borrowers ), Sabra and the other parties thereto entered into a fifth amended and restated unsecured credit agreement (the Prior Credit Agreement ). 
 The Prior Credit Agreement included a billion revolving credit facility (the Prior Revolving Credit Facility ), a million U.S. dollar term loan and a CAD million Canadian dollar term loan (collectively, the Prior Term Loans ). Further, up to million of the Prior Revolving Credit Facility could be used for borrowings in certain foreign 
 F-28 

billion, subject to terms and conditions. 
 The Prior Revolving Credit Facility had a maturity date of September 9, 2023, and included extension options. The Prior Term Loans had a maturity date of September 9, 2024. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of loss on extinguishment of debt related to write-offs of deferred financing costs in connection with the partial pay down of the U.S. dollar Prior Term Loan. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million (including CAD million) outstanding under the Prior Revolving Credit Facility and million available for borrowing. 
 Borrowings under the Prior Revolving Credit Facility bore interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to a ratings-based applicable interest margin plus, Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR for Canadian dollar borrowings, or at the Operating Partnership s option for U.S. dollar borrowings, either (a) LIBOR or (b) a base rate determined as the greater of (i) the federal funds rate plus , (ii) the prime rate, and (iii) one-month LIBOR plus (the Prior Base Rate ). The ratings-based applicable interest margin for borrowings varied based on the Debt Ratings, as defined in the Prior Credit Agreement, and ranged from to per annum for CDOR or LIBOR based borrowings and to per annum for borrowings at the Prior Base Rate. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average interest rate on the Prior Revolving Credit Facility was . In addition, the Operating Partnership paid a facility fee ranging between and per annum based on the aggregate amount of commitments under the Prior Revolving Credit Facility regardless of amounts outstanding thereunder. 
 The U.S. dollar Prior Term Loan bore interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to a ratings-based applicable interest margin plus, at the Operating Partnership s option, either (a) LIBOR or (b) the Prior Base Rate. The ratings-based applicable interest margin for borrowings varied based on the Debt Ratings and ranged from to per annum for LIBOR based borrowings and to per annum for borrowings at the Prior Base Rate. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the U.S. dollar Prior Term Loan was . The Canadian dollar Prior Term Loan bore interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to CDOR plus an interest margin ranged from to depending on the Debt Ratings. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the Canadian dollar Prior Term Loan was . 
 The Company has interest rate swaps and interest rate collars that fix and set a cap and floor, respectively, for the LIBOR portion of the interest rate for million of LIBOR-based borrowings under its U.S. dollar Prior Term Loan at a weighted average rate of and interest rate swaps that fix the CDOR portion of the interest rate for CAD million of CDOR-based borrowings under its Canadian dollar Prior Term Loan at a rate of . As of December 31, 2022, the effective interest rate on the U.S. dollar and Canadian dollar Prior Term Loans was and , respectively. In addition, the Canadian dollar Prior Term Loan and the CAD million outstanding under the Prior Revolving Credit Facility were designated as net investment hedges. See Note 9, Derivative and Hedging Instruments, for further information. 
 The obligations of the Borrowers under the Prior Credit Agreement were fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on an unsecured basis, by Sabra and one of its non-operating subsidiaries, subject to release under certain customary circumstances. 
 The Prior Credit Agreement contained customary covenants that included restrictions or limitations on the ability to pay dividends, incur additional indebtedness, engage in non-healthcare related business activities, enter into transactions with affiliates and sell or otherwise transfer certain assets as well as customary events of default. The Prior Credit Agreement also required Sabra, through the Operating Partnership, to comply with specified financial covenants, which included a maximum total leverage ratio, a minimum secured debt leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, a maximum unsecured leverage ratio, a minimum tangible net worth requirement and a minimum unsecured interest coverage ratio. 
 On January 4, 2023, the Borrowers, and the other parties thereto entered into a sixth amended and restated unsecured credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ). 
 The Credit Agreement includes a billion revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), a million U.S. dollar term loan and a CAD million Canadian dollar term loan (collectively, the Term Loans ). Further, up to million of the Revolving Credit Facility may be used for borrowings in certain foreign currencies. The Credit Agreement also contains an accordion feature that can increase the total available borrowings to billion, subject to terms and conditions. 
 F-29 

extension options. The Term Loans have a maturity date of January 4, 2028. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to a ratings-based applicable interest margin plus, CDOR for Canadian dollar borrowings, or at the Operating Partnership s option for U.S. dollar borrowings, either (a) Daily Simple SOFR, as defined in the Credit Agreement, or (b) a base rate determined as the greater of (i) the federal funds rate plus , (ii) the prime rate, (iii) Term SOFR, as defined in the Credit Agreement, plus (the Base Rate ), and (iv) . The ratings-based applicable interest margin for borrowings will vary based on the Debt Ratings, as defined in the Credit Agreement, and will range from to per annum for Daily Simple SOFR based borrowings and to per annum for borrowings at the Base Rate. In addition, the Operating Partnership pays a facility fee ranging between and per annum based on the aggregate amount of commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility regardless of amounts outstanding thereunder. 
 The U.S. dollar Term Loan bears interest on the outstanding principal amount at a ratings-based applicable interest margin plus, at the Operating Partnership s option, either (a) Term SOFR or (b) the Base Rate. The ratings-based applicable interest margin for borrowings will vary based on the Debt Ratings and will range from to per annum for Term SOFR based borrowings and to per annum for borrowings at the Base Rate. The Canadian dollar Term Loan bears interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal CDOR plus an interest margin that will range from to depending on the Debt Ratings. 
 The obligations of the Borrowers under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary covenants that include restrictions or limitations on the ability to pay dividends, incur additional indebtedness, engage in non-healthcare related business activities, enter into transactions with affiliates and sell or otherwise transfer certain assets as well as customary events of default. The Credit Agreement also requires Sabra, through the Operating Partnership, to comply with specified financial covenants, which include a maximum total leverage ratio, a maximum secured debt leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, a maximum unsecured leverage ratio, a minimum tangible net worth requirement and a minimum unsecured interest coverage ratio. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all applicable financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 Interest Expense 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred interest expense of million, million and million, respectively. Interest expense includes non-cash interest expense of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, of accrued interest included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Maturities 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Debt Discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) ) ) Total Debt, Net 
 (1) Prior Revolving Credit Facility was subject to extension options. 
 
 F-30 

9. 
 million of gains, which are included in accumulated other comprehensive income, are expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 The Company is exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on investments it holds in Canada. The Company uses cross currency interest rate swaps to hedge its exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates on these foreign investments. 
 Denominated in Canadian Dollars Derivatives designated as net investment hedges: Denominated in Canadian Dollars Financial instrument designated as net investment hedge: Denominated in Canadian Dollars Derivatives not designated as net investment hedges: Denominated in Canadian Dollars 
 (1) Balance includes swaps with an aggregate notional amount of million, which accretes to million in January 2023. 
 F-31 

2023 - 2024 Accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, net Interest rate collars Cash flow 2024 Accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, net Cross currency interest rate swaps Net investment 2025 Accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, net Liabilities: Interest rate swaps Cash flow 2023 - 2024 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Interest rate collars Cash flow 2024 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities CAD borrowings under Prior Revolving Credit Facility Net investment 2023 Revolving credit facility CAD Prior Term Loan Net investment 2024 Term loans, net 
 ) ) ) ) Interest expense Net Investment Hedges: Foreign currency products ) ) N/A CAD borrowings under Prior Revolving Credit Facility N/A CAD Prior Term Loan ) ) N/A ) ) ) ) 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, cash flow hedges were determined to be ineffective. 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding cross currency interest rate swap, of which a portion was not designated as a hedging instrument, in an asset position with a fair value of that is included in accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, net on the consolidated balance sheets. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded million, and million of other expense, respectively, related to the portion of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments. 
 F-32 

Offsetting Liabilities: Derivatives 
 As of December 31, 2021 Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets / Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset in the Balance Sheet Net Amounts of Assets / Liabilities presented in the Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Balance Sheet Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Received Net Amount Offsetting Assets: Derivatives ) Offsetting Liabilities: Derivatives ) 
 Credit Risk-related Contingent Features 
 The Company has agreements with each of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision pursuant to which the Company could be declared in default on the derivative obligation if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including a default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had derivatives in a net liability position related to these agreements. 

10. 
 to with a weighted average rate of in its fair value calculation. As such, the Company classifies these instruments as Level 3. 
 Preferred equity investments : These instruments are presented on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at their cost and not at fair value. The fair values of the preferred equity investments were estimated using an internal valuation model that considered the expected future cash flows for the preferred equity investments, the underlying collateral value and other credit enhancements. The Company utilized discount rates ranging from to with a weighted average rate of in its fair value calculation. As such, the Company classifies these instruments as Level 3. 
 F-33 

in its fair value calculation. As such, the Company classifies these instruments as Level 3. 
 Preferred equity investments Financial liabilities: Senior Notes Secured indebtedness 
 (1) Face value represents amounts contractually due under the terms of the respective agreements. 
 (2) Carrying amount represents the book value of financial instruments, including unamortized premiums/discounts and deferred financing costs. 
 Preferred equity investments Financial liabilities: Senior Notes Secured indebtedness 
 Disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments is based on pertinent information available to the Company at the applicable dates and requires a significant amount of judgment. Transaction volume for certain of the Company s financial instruments remains relatively low, which has made the estimation of fair values difficult. Therefore, both the actual results and the Company s estimate of fair value at a future date could be materially different. 
 F-34 

Interest rate collars Cross currency interest rate swaps 

11. 
 million may be sold from time to time (i) by the Company through a consortium of banks acting as sales agents or directly to the banks acting as principals or (ii) by a consortium of banks acting as forward sellers on behalf of any forward purchasers pursuant to a forward sale agreement. On August 6, 2021, the Company terminated the Prior ATM Program pursuant to its termination rights. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company sold million and million shares under the Prior ATM Program, respectively, at an average price of and per share, respectively, generating gross proceeds of million (before million of commissions) and million (before million of commissions), respectively, (excluding sales utilizing the forward feature of the Prior ATM Program, as described below). 
 Additionally, during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company utilized the forward feature of the Prior ATM Program to allow for the sale of up to million and million shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, at an initial weighted average price of and per share, net of commissions, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company settled million (inclusive of the million shares referenced in the immediately preceding sentence, and constituting all of the open forward positions under the Prior ATM Program) and million shares, respectively, at a weighted average net price of and per share, after commissions and fees, respectively, resulting in net proceeds of million and million, respectively. 
 On August 6, 2021, the Company established a new at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM Program pursuant to which shares of its common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to million may be sold from time to time (i) by the Company through a consortium of banks acting as sales agents or directly to the banks acting as principals or (ii) by a consortium of banks acting as forward sellers on behalf of any forward purchasers pursuant to a forward sale agreement. On November 9, 2022, the Company terminated the ATM Program. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company utilized the forward feature of the ATM Program to allow for the sale of up to million shares of the Company s common stock at an initial weighted average price of per share, net of commissions, and settled all of the open forward positions under the ATM Program by issuing million shares at a weighted average net price of per share, after commissions and fees, resulting in net proceeds of million. other shares were sold under the ATM Program during the year ended December 31, 2021. shares were sold under the ATM Program and the Company did not utilize the forward feature of the ATM Program during the period from January 1, 2022 to November 9, 2022. 
 On October 15, 2021, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of million newly issued shares of its common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement. The Company received net proceeds, before expenses, of million from the offering at a price of per share. These proceeds were used to fund a portion of one of the Company s mortgage loan investments. 
 F-35 

million, million and million shares, respectively, of common stock as a result of restricted stock unit vestings. 
 Upon any payment of shares to team members as a result of restricted stock unit vestings, the team members related tax withholding obligation will generally be satisfied by the Company, reducing the number of shares to be delivered by a number of shares necessary to satisfy the related applicable tax withholding obligation. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred million, million and million, respectively, in tax withholding obligations on behalf of its team members that were satisfied through a reduction in the number of shares delivered to those participants. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 ) Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges ) Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) 

12. 
 period. The vesting of certain restricted stock units may accelerate, as defined in the grant, upon retirement, a change in control and other events. When vested (and subject to any applicable deferral or holdback period), each performance-based restricted stock unit is convertible into share of common stock, subject to any deferrals in issuance pursuant to the grant. The restricted stock units are valued on the grant date based on the market price of the Company s common stock on that date. Generally, the Company recognizes the fair value of the awards over the applicable vesting period as compensation expense. In addition, since the shares to be issued may vary based on the performance of the Company, the Company must make assumptions regarding the projected performance criteria and the shares that will ultimately be issued. The amount of FFO Units that will ultimately vest is dependent on the amount by which the Company s funds from operations as adjusted FFO differs from a target FFO amount for a period specified in each grant and will range from to of the FFO Units initially granted. Similarly, the amount of TSR Units that will ultimately vest is dependent on the amount by which the total shareholder return TSR of the Company s common stock differs from a predefined peer group for a period specified in each grant and will range from to of the TSR Units initially granted. Upon any payment of shares as a result of restricted stock unit vestings, the related tax withholding obligation will generally be satisfied by the Company, reducing the number of shares to be delivered by a number of shares necessary to satisfy the related applicable tax withholding obligation. The value of the shares withheld is dependent on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date the relevant transaction occurs. 
 F-36 

Granted Vested ) Dividends reinvested Cancelled/forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining vesting period of restricted stock units was years. The weighted average fair value per share at the date of grant for restricted stock units for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The total fair value of units vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 The fair value of the TSR Units is estimated on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo valuation model that uses the assumptions noted in the table below. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the grant date for the expected performance period. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility for the most recent -year period ending on the grant date for the Company and the selected peer companies, and is calculated on a daily basis. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected stock price volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected service period years 
 years 
 - years 
 Expected dividend yield (assuming full reinvestment) 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized million, million and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense included in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of (loss) income. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Employee Benefit Plan 
 The Company maintains a 401(k) plan that allows for eligible participants to defer compensation, subject to certain limitations imposed by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The Company provides a discretionary matching contribution of up to of each participant s eligible compensation. During each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company s matching contributions were million, million and million, respectively. 

13. 
 
 F-37 

Provision (benefit) for foreign income taxes ) Income tax expense As of December 31, 2022 2021 Deferred tax assets: Federal Valuation allowance on federal ) ) Foreign Valuation allowance on foreign ) ) Deferred tax (liabilities): Foreign ) ) 
 The Company classifies interest and penalties from significant uncertain tax positions as interest expense and operating expenses, respectively, in its consolidated financial statements. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did t incur any such interest or penalties. With certain exceptions, the tax years 2019 and thereafter remain open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions with which the Company files tax returns. 

14.) ) Denominator Basic weighted average common shares and common equivalents Dilutive restricted stock units Diluted weighted average common shares Net (loss) income, per: Basic common share ) ) Diluted common share ) ) 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately million, million and restricted stock units, respectively, and during the year ended December 31, 2021, approximately shares related to forward equity sale agreements, were not included in computing diluted earnings per share because they were considered anti-dilutive. 

15. 
 F-38 

16. 
 per share of common stock. The dividend will be paid on February 28, 2023 to common stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 13, 2023. 
 F-39 

) 1992/2010, 2019 11/15/10 The Elms Center Milford, NH 100 ) 1890/2005 11/15/10 Mineral Springs North Conway, NH 100 ) 1988/2009 11/15/10 Wolfeboro Wolfeboro, NH 100 ) 1984/1986, 1987, 2009 11/15/10 Broadmeadow Healthcare Middletown, DE 100 ) 2005 08/01/11 Capitol Healthcare Dover, DE 100 ) 1996/2016 08/01/11 Pike Creek Healthcare Wilmington, DE 100 ) 2009/2022 08/01/11 Renaissance Healthcare Millsboro, DE 100 ) 2008 08/01/11 Warrington Warrington, PA 100 ) 1958/2009/ 2016 03/30/12 Ridgecrest Duffield, VA 100 ) 1981/2013 05/10/12 Arbrook Plaza Arlington, TX 100 ) 2003/2012 11/30/12 Gulf Pointe Plaza Rockport, TX 100 ) 2002/2012, 2018 11/30/12 Gateway Senior Living Lincoln, NE 100 ) 1962/1996, 2013 02/14/14 Nye Legacy Fremont, NE 100 ) 2008 02/14/14 Nye Pointe Fremont, NE 100 ) 1970/1979, 1983, 1994 02/14/14 Ignite Medical Resort - AdamsPARC Bartlesville, OK 100 ) 1989/2019 10/29/14 Ignite Medical Resort - OKC Oklahoma City, OK 100 ) 1963/1984, 2018, 2019 10/29/14 Ignite Medical Resort - Norman Norman, OK 100 ) 2001/2013, 2019 10/29/14 Cadia Healthcare of Hyattsville Hyattsville, MD 100 1950/1976, 2008 06/30/15 Cadia Healthcare of Annapolis Annapolis, MD 100 1964/1993, 2012 06/30/15 Cadia Healthcare of Wheaton Wheaton, MD 100 1966/1991, 2012 06/30/15 Cadia Healthcare Hagerstown Hagerstown, MD 100 1950/1953, 1975, 2014, 2019, 2020 11/25/15 Cadia Healthcare of Spring Brook Silver Spring, MD 100 1965/2015 07/26/16 
 F-40 

) 1941/2014, 2019 08/17/17 Avamere Riverpark of Eugene Eugene, OR 100 ) 1988/2016 08/17/17 Avamere Rehabilitation of Lebanon Lebanon, OR 100 ) 1974 08/17/17 Avamere Crestview of Portland Portland, OR 100 ) 1964/2016 08/17/17 Avamere Rehabilitation of King City Tigard, OR 100 ) 1975 08/17/17 Avamere Rehabilitation of Hillsboro Hillsboro, OR 100 ) 1973 08/17/17 Avamere Rehabilitation of Junction City Junction City, OR 100 ) 1966/2015 08/17/17 Avamere Rehabilitation of Eugene Eugene, OR 100 ) 1966/2016 08/17/17 Avamere Rehabilitation of Coos Bay Coos Bay, OR 100 ) 1968 08/17/17 Avamere Rehabilitation of Clackamas Gladstone, OR 100 ) 1961 08/17/17 Avamere Rehabilitation of Newport Newport, OR 100 ) 1973/2014 08/17/17 Avamere Rehabilitation of Oregon City Oregon City, OR 100 ) 1974 08/17/17 Avamere Transitional Care of Puget Sound Tacoma, WA 100 ) 2017 08/17/17 Richmond Beach Rehab Shoreline, WA 100 ) 1993/2014 08/17/17 St. Francis of Bellingham Bellingham, WA 100 ) 1984/2015 08/17/17 Avamere Olympic Rehabilitation of Sequim Sequim, WA 100 ) 1974 08/17/17 Avamere Heritage Rehabilitation of Tacoma Tacoma, WA 100 ) 1968 08/17/17 Avamere at Pacific Ridge Tacoma, WA 100 ) 1972/2014 08/17/17 Avamere Rehabilitation of Cascade Park Vancouver, WA 100 ) 1991 08/17/17 The Pearl at Kruse Way Lake Oswego, OR 100 ) 2005/2016 08/17/17 Avamere at Medford Medford, OR 100 ) 1974/2016 08/17/17 Avamere Bellingham Healthcare and Rehab Services Bellingham, WA 100 ) 1972/2015 08/17/17 Queen Anne Healthcare Seattle, WA 100 ) 1970 08/17/17 Skyline Transitional Care Center Boise, ID 100 ) 1979 08/17/17 Avamere Transitional Care at Sunnyside Salem, OR 100 ) 1981 08/17/17 
 F-41 

) 1961/2016 08/17/17 Malley Transitional Care Center Northglenn, CO 100 ) 1972/2016 08/17/17 Brighton Care Center Brighton, CO 100 ) 1971 08/17/17 Tustin Subacute Care Facility Santa Ana, CA 100 ) 2008 08/17/17 La Mesa Nursing Rehab La Mesa, CA 100 ) 2012 08/17/17 Westminster Healthcare Center Westminster, MD 100 ) 1973/2010, 2019 08/17/17 Garden Valley Healthcare Center Kansas City, MO 100 ) 1983 08/17/17 Worthington Nursing Rehabilitation Parkersburg, WV 100 ) 1974/1999, 2019 08/17/17 Burlington House Healthcare Center Cincinnati, OH 100 ) 1989/2015 08/17/17 Cedars Healthcare Center Charlottesville, VA 100 ) 1964/2009, 2019 08/17/17 Annandale Healthcare Center Annandale, VA 100 ) 1963/2013, 2019 08/17/17 Petersburg Healthcare Center Petersburg, VA 100 ) 1970/2009 08/17/17 Battlefield Park Healthcare Center Petersburg, VA 100 ) 1976/2010 08/17/17 Hagerstown Healthcare Center Hagerstown, MD 100 ) 1971/2010 08/17/17 Cumberland Healthcare Center Cumberland, MD 100 ) 1968 08/17/17 Gilroy Healthcare and Rehabilitation Center Gilroy, CA 100 ) 1968/2021 08/17/17 North Cascades Health and Rehabilitation Center Bellingham, WA 100 ) 1999 08/17/17 Granite Rehabilitation Wellness Cheyenne, WY 100 ) 1967/2017 08/17/17 Rawlins Rehabilitation Wellness Rawlins, WY 100 ) 1967 08/17/17 Wind River Rehabilitation Wellness Riverton, WY 100 ) 1967 08/17/17 Sage View Care Center Rock Springs, WY 100 ) 1964/2017 08/17/17 Shelton Health and Rehabilitation Center Shelton, WA 100 ) 1998 08/17/17 Dundee Nursing Home Bennettsville, SC 100 ) 1958 08/17/17 Oak Harbor Health Center Mount Pleasant, SC 100 ) 1977/2015 08/17/17 
 F-42 

) 1990/2005 08/17/17 Oak View Health and Rehabilitation Center Conway, SC 100 ) 1975 08/17/17 Bayview Manor Beaufort, SC 100 ) 1970 08/17/17 Focused Care at Baytown Baytown, TX 100 ) 1970/2019 08/17/17 Focused Care at Allenbrook Baytown, TX 100 ) 1975/2019 08/17/17 Focused Care at Huntsville Huntsville, TX 100 ) 1968/2019 08/17/17 Focused Care at Center Center, TX 100 ) 1972/2019 08/17/17 Focused Care at Humble Humble, TX 100 ) 1972/2019 08/17/17 Focused Care at Beechnut Houston, TX 100 ) 1982/2019 08/17/17 Focused Care at Linden Linden, TX 100 ) 1968/2019 08/17/17 Focused Care at Sherman Sherman, TX 100 ) 1971/2019 08/17/17 Focused Care at Mount Pleasant Mount Pleasant, TX 100 ) 1970/2019 08/17/17 Focused Care at Waxahachie Waxahachie, TX 100 ) 1976/2019 08/17/17 Focused Care at Gilmer Gilmer, TX 100 ) 1990/2019 08/17/17 Hearthstone of Northern Nevada Sparks, NV 100 ) 1988 08/17/17 Richmond Care Center Richmond, IN 100 ) 1975/2005 08/17/17 Petersburg Care Center Petersburg, IN 100 ) 1970/2009 08/17/17 Fort Pierce Health Care Fort Pierce, FL 100 ) 1960/2011, 2022 08/17/17 Maryville Maryville, MO 100 ) 1972 08/17/17 Ashland Healthcare Ashland, MO 100 ) 1993 08/17/17 Bellefontaine Gardens St. Louis, MO 100 ) 1988/1991 08/17/17 Current River Nursing Center Doniphan, MO 100 ) 1991 08/17/17 Dixon Nursing Rehabilitation Dixon, MO 100 ) 1989/2011 08/17/17 Forsyth Nursing Rehabilitation Forsyth, MO 100 ) 1993/2007 08/17/17 Glenwood Healthcare Seymour, MO 100 ) 1990 08/17/17 Silex Community Care Silex, MO 100 ) 1991 08/17/17 South Hampton Place Columbia, MO 100 ) 1994 08/17/17 Strafford Care Center Strafford, MO 100 ) 1995 08/17/17 Windsor Healthcare Rehabilitation Windsor, MO 100 ) 1996 08/17/17 Park Manor of Conroe Conroe, TX 100 ) 2001 08/17/17 Park Manor of Cypress Station Houston, TX 100 ) 2003/2013 08/17/17 
 F-43 

) 2003/2019 08/17/17 Park Manor of Quail Valley Missouri City, TX 100 ) 2005 08/17/17 Park Manor of Westchase Houston, TX 100 ) 2005 08/17/17 Park Manor of CyFair Houston, TX 100 ) 1999 08/17/17 Tanglewood Health and Rehabilitation Topeka, KS 100 ) 1973/2013 08/17/17 Smoky Hill Health and Rehabilitation Salina, KS 100 ) 1981 08/17/17 Westridge Healthcare Center Terre Haute, IN 100 ) 1965/1984 08/17/17 Twin City Healthcare Gas City, IN 100 ) 1974/2022 08/17/17 Pine Knoll Rehabilitation Center Winchester, IN 100 ) 1986/1998, 2021 08/17/17 Willow Crossing Health Rehab Center Columbus, IN 100 ) 1988/2004, 2022 08/17/17 Persimmon Ridge Center Portland, IN 100 ) 1964/2022 08/17/17 Vermillion Convalescent Center Clinton, IN 100 ) 1971/2021 08/17/17 Las Vegas Post Acute Rehabilitation Las Vegas, NV 100 ) 1964 08/17/17 Torey Pines Rehabilitation Hospital Las Vegas, NV 100 ) 1972/1997 08/17/17 Bay View Rehabilitation Hospital Alameda, CA 100 ) 1967/2021 08/17/17 Dover Center for Health Rehabilitation Dover, NH 100 ) 1969/1992, 2017 08/17/17 Augusta Center for Health Rehabilitation Augusta, ME 100 ) 1967 08/17/17 Eastside Center for Health Rehabilitation Bangor, ME 100 ) 1967/1993, 2019 08/17/17 Winship Green Center for Health Rehabilitation Bath, ME 100 ) 1974 08/17/17 Brewer Center for Health Rehabilitation Brewer, ME 100 ) 1974/1990, 2019 08/17/17 Kennebunk Center for Health Rehabilitation Kennebunk, ME 100 ) 1977 08/17/17 Norway Center for Health Rehabilitation Norway, ME 100 ) 1976 08/17/17 Brentwood Center for Health Rehabilitation Yarmouth, ME 100 ) 1952 08/17/17 The Reservoir Center for Health Rehabilitation Marlborough, MA 100 ) 1973/2018 08/17/17 
 F-44 

) 1969/1993 08/17/17 New Orange Hills Orange, CA 100 ) 1987/2020 08/17/17 Millbrook Healthcare Rehabilitation Center Lancaster, TX 100 ) 2008 08/17/17 Pleasant Valley Healthcare Rehabilitation Center Garland, TX 100 ) 2008 08/17/17 Focused Care at Clarksville Clarksville, TX 100 ) 1989/2019 08/17/17 McKinney Healthcare Rehabilitation Center McKinney, TX 100 ) 2006 08/17/17 Hopkins Health Services Hopkins, MN 100 ) 1961/2008, 2019 08/17/17 Florence Health Services Florence, WI 100 ) 1970 08/17/17 St. Francis Health Services St. Francis, WI 100 ) 1960/1997 08/17/17 Rochester East Health Services Rochester, MN 100 ) 1967/2011, 2019 08/17/17 Wisconsin Dells Health Services Wisconsin Dells, WI 100 ) 1972/2006 08/17/17 Sheboygan Health Services Sheboygan, WI 100 ) 1967/2012 08/17/17 Blue Ridge Health Rehabilitation Center Hendersonville, NC 100 ) 1979 08/17/17 Focused Care at Corpus Corpus Christi, TX 100 ) 1973/2010 08/17/17 Focused Care at Burnet Bay Baytown, TX 100 ) 2000/2013 08/17/17 Focused Care at Cedar Bayou Baytown, TX 100 ) 2008 08/17/17 Focused Care at Westwood Houston, TX 100 ) 2006 08/17/17 Focused Care at Pasadena Pasadena, TX 100 ) 2004 08/17/17 Focused Care at Webster Webster, TX 100 ) 2000/2009 08/17/17 Focused Care at Summer Place Beaumont, TX 100 ) 2009 08/17/17 Focused Care at Orange Orange, TX 100 ) 2006 08/17/17 SHC of Whitesburg Gardens Huntsville, AL 100 ) 1968/2012 08/17/17 SHC of Terre Haute Terre Haute, IN 100 ) 1996/2013 08/17/17 SHC at Larkin Springs Madison, TN 100 ) 1969/2016 08/17/17 SHC of Savannah Savannah, GA 100 ) 1970/2015 08/17/17 SHC of Bowling Green Bowling Green, KY 100 ) 1970/2015 08/17/17 Oakview Nursing and Rehabilitation Center Calvert City, KY 100 ) 1962/2015 08/17/17 
 F-45 

) 1967/2015 08/17/17 Riverside Care Rehabilitation Center Calhoun, KY 100 ) 1963/2015 08/17/17 SHC of Bremen Bremen, IN 100 ) 1982/2015 08/17/17 SHC of Muncie Muncie, IN 100 ) 1980/2013 08/17/17 SHC at Parkwood Lebanon, IN 100 ) 1977/2012 08/17/17 SHC at Tower Road Marietta, GA 100 ) 1969/2015 08/17/17 Danville Centre for Health and Rehabilitation Danville, KY 100 ) 1962/2015 08/17/17 SHC at Hillcrest Owensboro, KY 100 ) 1963/2011 08/17/17 SHC of Elizabethtown Elizabethtown, KY 100 ) 1969 08/17/17 SHC of Primacy Memphis, TN 100 ) 1981/2015 08/17/17 SHC of Harbour Pointe Norfolk, VA 100 ) 1969/2015 08/17/17 Harrodsburg Health Rehabilitation Center Harrodsburg, KY 100 ) 1975/2016 08/17/17 SHC of Putnam County Cookeville, TN 100 ) 1979/2016 08/17/17 SHC of Fayette County Washington Court House, OH 100 ) 1984/2015 08/17/17 SHC of Galion Galion, OH 100 ) 1967/1985 08/17/17 SHC of Roanoke Rapids Roanoke Rapids, NC 100 ) 1967/2015 08/17/17 SHC of Kinston Kinston, NC 100 ) 1960/2015 08/17/17 SHC of Chapel Hill Chapel Hill, NC 100 ) 1984/2015 08/17/17 SHC of Chillicothe Chillicothe, OH 100 ) 1974/2015 08/17/17 SHC of Coshocton Coshocton, OH 100 ) 1974/2015 08/17/17 SHC of McCreary County Rehab Wellness Center Pine Knot, KY 100 ) 1990 08/17/17 SHC at Colonial Rehab Wellness Center Bardstown, KY 100 ) 1968/2010 08/17/17 SHC of Glasgow Rehab Wellness Center Glasgow, KY 100 ) 1968 08/17/17 SHC of Carrollton Rehab Wellness Center Carrollton, KY 100 ) 1978/2016 08/17/17 SHC of Hart County Rehab Wellness Center Horse Cave, KY 100 ) 1993 08/17/17 SHC at Heritage Hall Rehab Wellness Center Lawrenceburg, KY 100 ) 1973 08/17/17 SHC at Jackson Manor Rehab Wellness Center Annville, KY 100 ) 1989 08/17/17 SHC at Jefferson Manor Rehab Wellness Center Louisville, KY 100 ) 1982/2012 08/17/17 SHC at Jefferson Place Rehab Wellness Center Louisville, KY 100 ) 1991/2010 08/17/17 
 F-46 

) 1969 08/17/17 SHC at North Hardin Rehab Wellness Center Radcliff, KY 100 ) 1986 08/17/17 SHC of Hartford Rehab Wellness Center Hartford, KY 100 ) 1967 08/17/17 SHC at Rockford Rehab Wellness Center Louisville, KY 100 ) 1975/2005 08/17/17 SHC at Summerfield Rehab Wellness Center Louisville, KY 100 ) 1979/2013 08/17/17 SHC at Tanbark Rehab Wellness Center Lexington, KY 100 ) 1989 08/17/17 SHC at Summit Manor Rehab Wellness Center Columbia, KY 100 ) 1965 08/17/17 Belle View Estates Rehabilitation and Care Center Monticello, AR 100 ) 1995 08/17/17 Heartland Rehabilitation and Care Center Benton, AR 100 ) 1992 08/17/17 River Ridge Rehabilitation and Care Center Wynne, AR 100 ) 1990 08/17/17 Brookridge Cove Rehabilitation and Care Center Morrilton, AR 100 ) 1996/2022 08/17/17 Southern Trace Rehabilitation and Care Center Bryant, AR 100 ) 1989/2015 08/17/17 Savannah Specialty Care Center Savannah, GA 100 ) 1972 08/17/17 Pettigrew Rehabilitation Center Durham, NC 100 ) 1968/2006 08/17/17 Sunnybrook Rehabilitation Center Raleigh, NC 100 ) 1971 08/17/17 Raleigh Rehabilitation Center Raleigh, NC 100 ) 1967/2007 08/17/17 Cypress Pointe Rehabilitation Center Wilmington, NC 100 ) 1966/2013 08/17/17 Silas Creek Rehabilitation Center Winston-Salem, NC 100 ) 1965 08/17/17 Lincolnton Rehabilitation Center Lincolnton, NC 100 ) 1976 08/17/17 Rehabilitation and Nursing Center of Monroe Monroe, NC 100 ) 1963/2005 08/17/17 Guardian Care of Zebulon Zebulon, NC 100 ) 1973/2010 08/17/17 Guardian Care of Rocky Mount Rocky Mount, NC 100 ) 1975 08/17/17 
 F-47 

) 1987 08/17/17 River Pointe of Trinity Healthcare and Rehabilitation Trinity, TX 100 ) 1985/2019 08/17/17 Avalon Place - Kirbyville Kirbyville, TX 100 ) 1987 08/17/17 Heritage House of Marshall Marshall, TX 100 ) 2008 08/17/17 Autumn Woods Residential Health Care Facility Warren, MI 100 ) 1961/2001 08/17/17 Autumn View Health Care Facility Hamburg, NY 100 ) 1983/2014 08/17/17 Brookhaven Health Care Facility East Patchogue, NY 100 ) 1988/2011 08/17/17 Harris Hill Nursing Facility Williamsville, NY 100 ) 1992/2007 08/17/17 Garden Gate Health Care Facility Cheektowaga, NY 100 ) 1979/2006 08/17/17 Northgate Health Care Facility North Tonawanda, NY 100 ) 1982/2007 08/17/17 Seneca Health Care Center West Seneca, NY 100 ) 1974/2008 08/17/17 Blueberry Hill Rehabilitation and Healthcare Center Beverly, MA 100 ) 1965/2015 08/17/17 River Terrace Rehabilitation and Healthcare Center Lancaster, MA 100 ) 1970/2005 08/17/17 The Crossings East Campus New London, CT 100 ) 1967/2016 08/17/17 Parkway Pavilion Healthcare Enfield, CT 100 ) 1968/2015 08/17/17 Quincy Health Rehabilitation Center Quincy, MA 100 ) 1965/2003 08/17/17 Firesteel Healthcare Community Mitchell, SD 100 ) 1966/2017 08/17/17 Fountain Springs Healthcare Community Rapid City, SD 100 ) 1989/2016, 2019 08/17/17 Palisade Healthcare Community Garretson, SD 100 ) 1971/1982, 2019 08/17/17 Shepherd of the Valley Healthcare Community Casper, WY 100 ) 1961/1990, 2019 08/17/17 Wheatcrest Hills Healthcare Community Britton, SD 100 ) 1969/2019 08/17/17 
 F-48 

) 1965/1989 08/17/17 Prairie View Healthcare Center Woonsocket, SD 100 ) 1968/2012 08/17/17 Taconic Rehabilitation Nursing at Hopewell Fishkill, NY 100 ) 1995 08/17/17 Taconic Rehabilitation Nursing at Ulster Highland, NY 100 ) 1998 08/17/17 Taconic Rehabilitation Nursing at Beacon Beacon, NY 100 ) 2002 08/17/17 Sixteen Acres Healthcare Center Springfield, MA 100 ) 1987 08/17/17 Bear Mountain at Andover Andover, MA 100 ) 1992 08/17/17 Bear Mountain at Reading Reading, MA 100 ) 1988 08/17/17 Bear Mountain at Sudbury Sudbury, MA 100 ) 1997/2021 08/17/17 Belvidere Healthcare Center Lowell, MA 100 ) 1966/2007 08/17/17 Bear Mountain at Worcester Worcester, MA 100 ) 1970/1988 08/17/17 Bear Mountain at West Springfield W. Springfield, MA 100 ) 1960/1985 08/17/17 Chestnut Hill of East Longmeadow East Longmeadow, MA 100 ) 1985/2005 08/17/17 Broadway by the Sea Long Beach, CA 100 ) 1968/2011 09/19/17 Coventry Court Health Center Anaheim, CA 100 ) 1968/2011 09/19/17 Fairfield Post-Acute Rehab Fairfield, CA 100 ) 1966/2006 09/19/17 Garden View Post-Acute Rehabilitation Baldwin Park, CA 100 ) 1970/2015 09/19/17 Grand Terrace Health Care Center Grand Terrace, CA 100 ) 1945/2017 09/19/17 Pacifica Nursing Rehab Center Pacifica, CA 100 ) 1975 09/19/17 Burien Nursing Rehabilitation Center Burien, WA 100 ) 1965/2014 09/19/17 Park West Care Center Seattle, WA 100 ) 1963/2016 09/19/17 Beachside Nursing Center Huntington Bch, CA 100 ) 1965/2010 09/19/17 Chatsworth Park Health Care Chatsworth, CA 100 ) 1976 09/19/17 Cottonwood Post-Acute Rehab Woodland, CA 100 ) 1975/2010 09/19/17 Danville Post-Acute Rehab Danville, CA 100 ) 1965 09/19/17 
 F-49 

) 1958/2015 09/19/17 Lomita Post-Acute Care Center Lomita, CA 100 ) 1969 09/19/17 University Post-Acute Rehab Sacramento, CA 100 ) 1972 09/19/17 Issaquah Nursing Rehabilitation Center Issaquah, WA 100 ) 1975/2012 09/19/17 Alamitos-Belmont Rehabilitation Hospital Long Beach, CA 100 ) 1966/2014 09/19/17 Edgewater Skilled Nursing Center Long Beach, CA 100 ) 1952/2013 09/19/17 Fairmont Rehabilitation Hospital Lodi, CA 100 ) 1965 09/19/17 Palm Terrace Care Center Riverside, CA 100 ) 1966 09/19/17 Woodland Nursing Rehab Woodland, CA 100 ) 1930/2007 09/19/17 Park Manor at Bee Cave Bee Cave, TX 100 ) 2014 12/15/17 Ramona El Monte, CA 100 ) 1965 01/10/18 Park Ridge Shoreline, WA 100 ) 1964/2012 01/19/18 SHC of Elizabethtown II Elizabethtown, KY 100 2021 05/27/21 ) Senior Housing - Leased Langdon Place of Exeter Exeter, NH 100 ) 1987 11/15/10 Langdon Place of Nashua Nashua, NH 100 ) 1989 11/15/10 Langdon Place of Keene Keene, NH 100 ) 1995 11/15/10 Langdon Place of Dover Dover, NH 100 ) 1987/2009, 2019 11/15/10 Green Bay Green Bay, WI 100 ) 2004/2011 11/22/11 Gulf Pointe Village Rockport, TX 100 ) 1996/2018 11/30/12 Green Acres of Cadillac Cadillac, MI 100 ) 2001/2006 12/14/12 Green Acres of Greenville Greenville, MI 100 ) 1999/2001, 2012, 2013, 2018 12/14/12 Green Acres of Manistee Manistee, MI 100 ) 2002/2017 12/14/12 Green Acres of Mason Mason, MI 100 ) 2009/2012 12/14/12 Nottingham Place Midland, MI 100 ) 1995/2015 12/14/12 Turning Brook Alpena, MI 100 ) 2006/2008, 2010 12/14/12 Greenfield of Woodstock Woodstock, VA 100 ) 1996/2015 06/28/13 Nye Square Fremont, NE 100 ) 1989/2002 02/14/14 The Meadows Norfolk, NE 100 ) 1989/1991, 1994, 2018, 2019 02/14/14 
 F-50 

) 2011/2016, 2018 04/30/14 Affinity Rosecastle of Delaney Creek Brandon, FL 100 ) 1999/2016 10/01/14 Affinity Rosecastle of Citrus Lecanto, FL 100 ) 1997/2016 10/01/14 Affinity Rosecastle of Zephyrhills Zephyrhills, FL 100 ) 2008/2016 10/01/14 Sun City West Sun City West, AZ 100 ) 2012 07/01/16 Poets Walk of Fredericksburg Fredericksburg, VA 100 ) 2016 07/14/16 Poet's Walk of Round Rock Round Rock, TX 100 ) 2016 08/01/16 The Montecito Santa Fe Santa Fe, NM 100 ) 2006 09/23/16 Montecito - MC Santa Fe, NM 100 ) 2020 09/23/16 The Golden Crest Franklin, NH 100 ) 1988 11/30/16 Poets Walk of Henderson Henderson, NV 100 ) 2016 12/01/16 Kruse Village Brenham, TX 100 ) 1991 12/02/16 Poet's Walk of Cedar Parks Cedar Park, TX 100 ) 2017 06/01/17 Avamere Court at Keizer Keizer, OR 100 ) 1970/2021 08/17/17 Arbor Court Retirement Community at Alvamar Lawrence, KS 100 ) 1995/2014 08/17/17 Arbor Court Retirement Community at Salina Salina, KS 100 ) 1989/2014 08/17/17 Arbor Court Retirement Community at Topeka Topeka, KS 100 ) 1986/2014 08/17/17 Aspen Grove Assisted Living Sturgis, SD 100 ) 2013 08/17/17 Maurice Griffith Manor Living Center Casper, WY 100 ) 1984/1985 08/17/17 The Peaks at Old Laramie Trail Lafayette, CO 100 ) 2016 12/15/17 Prairie View Winnebago, IL 100 ) 2007 01/31/18 Arbor View Assisted Living Pewaukee, WI 100 ) 2010 04/16/18 Legacy Assisted Living Pewaukee, WI 100 ) 2015 04/16/18 Greenfield of Strasburg Strasburg, VA 100 ) 2001 04/30/18 Poets Walk of Sarasota Sarasota, FL 100 ) 2018 05/18/18 The Pointe at Lifespring Knoxville, TN 100 ) 2017 08/31/18 Shavano Park Senior Living Shavano Park, TX 100 ) 2015 08/31/18 Traditions of Beavercreek Beavercreek, OH 100 ) 2016 11/01/18 Traditions of Brookside McCordsville, IN 100 ) 2017 01/07/20 
 F-51 

) 2015 01/31/20 Traditions at Hunter Station Sellersburg, IN 100 ) 2015 04/01/20 Legacy Living of Jasper Jasper, IN 100 ) 2019 10/01/21 ) Senior Housing - Managed Winter Village Frankenmuth, MI 100 ) 1982/2008 09/21/12 Aspen Ridge Retirement Village Gaylord, MI 100 ) 2002 12/14/12 Tawas Village East Tawas, MI 100 ) 2005 12/14/12 Stoney River Marshfield Marshfield, WI 100 ) 2010 12/18/12 Parkview In Allen Allen, TX 100 ) 2004/2010 09/25/14 The Atrium At Gainesville Gainesville, FL 100 ) 1986/2013, 2015, 2019 09/25/14 The Chateau McKinney, TX 100 ) 2006/2010, 2019 09/25/14 Gardens At Wakefield Raleigh, NC 100 ) 2002/2014, 2022 09/25/14 Las Brisas San Luis Obispo, CA 100 ) 1987/2006, 2015, 2021 09/25/14 Creekside Terrace Winston-Salem, NC 100 ) 2001 09/25/14 Colonial Village Longview, TX 100 ) 1985/2010 09/25/14 Garden Village Kansas City, MO 100 ) 1983 09/25/14 Desert Rose Yuma, AZ 100 ) 1996/2014 09/25/14 Windland South Nashville, TN 100 ) 1986/2000 09/25/14 Cedar Woods Branford, CT 100 ) 1987 09/25/14 Virginian Richmond, VA 100 ) 1989/2007, 2022 09/25/14 Monarch Estates Auburn, AL 100 ) 2001 09/25/14 Village At The Falls Menomonee Falls, WI 100 ) 2005/2006, 2007/2011, 2019 09/25/14 Holiday At The Atrium Glenville, NY 100 ) 2001/2014 09/25/14 Lake Ridge Village Eustis, FL 100 ) 1984/1988, 2013 09/25/14 Heritage Village McAllen, TX 100 ) 1988 09/25/14 Madison Meadows Phoenix, AZ 100 ) 1986 09/25/14 South Wind Heights Jonesboro, AR 100 ) 1999 09/25/14 Harrison Regent Ogden, UT 100 ) 1985/2016 09/25/14 Capital Place Olympia, WA 100 ) 1986/2016 10/07/14 Kensington Court Windsor, ON 100 ) 1998 06/11/15 
 F-52 

) 1998/2015, 2019 06/11/15 Okanagan Chateau Kelowna, BC 100 ) 1990/2019, 2020 06/11/15 Court at Laurelwood Waterloo, ON 100 ) 2005/2015 06/11/15 Fairwinds Lodge Sarnia, ON 100 ) 2000/2019 06/11/15 The Shores Kamloops, BC 100 ) 1992/2014 06/11/15 Orchard Valley Vernon, BC 100 ) 1990/2008, 2021 06/11/15 Cherry Park Penticton, BC 100 ) 1990/1991, 2014, 2019 06/11/15 Maison Senior Living Calgary, AB 100 ) 2013 09/17/15 Ashley Pointe Lake Stevens, WA 100 ) 1998/2012 09/17/15 Ascot Park Eugene, OR 100 ) 1996/1997, 2011, 2019 09/17/15 Jurgens Park Tualatin, OR 100 ) 1995/1997, 2019 09/17/15 Faye Wright Salem, OR 100 ) 1989/1995, 2018 09/17/15 Ramsey Ramsey, MN 100 ) 2015 10/06/17 Marshfield II Marshfield, WI 100 ) 2014 10/06/17 Dover Place Dover, DE 100 ) 1999 01/02/18 Kanawha Place Charleston, WV 100 ) 1969 01/02/18 Leighton Place Williamsport, PA 100 ) 1990/2009 01/02/18 Maidencreek Place Reading, PA 100 ) 2004 01/02/18 Rolling Meadows Place Scott Depot, WV 100 ) 1996 01/02/18 Willowbrook Place Clarks Summit, PA 100 ) 1997 01/02/18 Wyncote Place Wyncote, PA 100 ) 1909 01/02/18 Amity Place Douglassville, PA 100 ) 2008 01/02/18 Milford Place Milford, DE 100 ) 1999 01/02/18 Oak Hill Place Oak Hill, WV 100 ) 2001/2014 01/02/18 Seasons Place Lewisburg, WV 100 ) 1995 01/02/18 The Monarch at Richardson Richardson, TX 100 ) 1999/2020 11/01/19 Poway Gardens Poway, CA 100 ) 1987/2011, 2021 11/22/19 Elan Westpointe New Braunfels, TX 100 ) 2015 01/15/20 The Claiborne at West Lake Augusta, GA 100 ) 2018 03/05/21 Baxter Senior Living Anchorage, AK 100 ) 2019 05/01/21 Deerfield Loveland, OH 100 ) 2017 02/01/22 
 F-53 

) 2017 08/01/22 New Hope Valley Saginaw, MI 100 ) 2013 08/01/22 ) Behavioral Health Landmark Recovery of Denver Aurora, CO 100 ) 2009/2018, 2021 09/20/12 Praxis of Colorado Springs Colorado Springs, CO 100 ) 1985/2017, 2018 03/05/14 Landmark Recovery of Colorado Springs Colorado Springs, CO 100 ) 2013/2019 11/16/15 Praxis of Fort Wayne Bluffton, IN 100 ) 1970/2015, 2021 08/17/17 Landmark Recovery of Little Rock Morrilton, AR 100 1988/2019 08/17/17 Aurora Arizona West Glendale, AZ 100 ) 1996/2013 08/17/17 Aurora Arizona East Tempe, AZ 100 ) 2001/2016 08/17/17 Aurora Charter Oak Hospital Covina, CA 100 ) 1974/2011 08/17/17 Aurora Vista del Mar Hospital Ventura, CA 100 ) 1984/2018 08/17/17 Aurora San Diego Hospital San Diego, CA 100 ) 1988/2017 08/17/17 Landmark Recovery of New London New London, CT 100 ) 1967/2016, 2021 08/17/17 Praxis of Carmel Carmel, IN 100 ) 1996/2019 07/24/19 Landmark Recovery of Louisville Louisville, KY 100 ) 2002/2018 08/21/19 Recovery Centers of America at Monroeville Monroeville, PA 100 ) 1987/2020 12/18/19 Landmark Recovery of Pensacola Gulf Breeze, FL 100 ) 2001/2021 03/15/21 Recovery Centers of America at Greenville Greenville, SC 100 ) 1994/2022 12/16/21 Raytown Raytown, MO 100 ) 1978/2022 10/27/22 ) Specialty Hospitals and Other Texas Regional Medical Center Sunnyvale, TX 100 ) 2009 05/03/11 Baylor Orthopedic Spine Hospital at Arlington Arlington, TX 100 ) 2009/2016 08/17/17 Touchstone Neurorecovery Center Conroe, TX 100 ) 1992 08/17/17 
 F-54 

) 1999/2009 08/17/17 Nexus Children's Hospital - Woodlands Spring, TX 100 ) 1995/1998 08/17/17 HealthBridge Children's Hospital (Orange) Orange, CA 100 ) 2000 08/17/17 ResCare Tangram - Texas Hill Country School Maxwell, TX 100 ) 1993 08/17/17 ResCare Tangram - Chaparral Maxwell, TX 100 ) 1994/2009 08/17/17 ResCare Tangram - Sierra Verde Roca Vista Maxwell, TX 100 ) 1992 08/17/17 ResCare Tangram - 618 W. Hutchinson San Marcos, TX 100 ) 1869 08/17/17 ResCare Tangram - Ranch Seguin, TX 100 ) 1989 08/17/17 ResCare Tangram - Mesquite Seguin, TX 100 ) 1985/1991 08/17/17 ResCare Tangram - Hacienda Kingsbury, TX 100 ) 1990/2012 08/17/17 ResCare Tangram - Loma Linda Seguin, TX 100 ) 1970 08/17/17 Gateway Rehabilitation Hospital at Florence Florence, KY 100 ) 2000 08/17/17 ) ) Corporate Assets ) ) 
 (1) Encumbrances do not include deferred financing costs, net of million as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Building and building improvements include land improvements and furniture and equipment. 
 (3) The aggregate cost of real estate for federal income tax purposes was billion. 

F-55 

Acquisitions Improvements Impairment ) ) ) Sale of real estate ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) Write-off of fully depreciated assets ) ) ) Balance at the end of the year Accumulated depreciation: Balance at the beginning of the year ) ) ) Depreciation expense ) ) ) Impairment Sale of real estate Foreign currency translation ) ) Write-off of fully depreciated assets Balance at the end of the year ) ) ) 
 
 F-56 

2027 (2) 
 N/A Recovery Centers of America 2026 (2) 
 N/A 
 (1) The aggregate cost for federal income tax purposes was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Interest is due monthly, and principal is due at the maturity date. 

Changes in mortgage loans are summarized as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Balance at the beginning of the year Additions during period: Draws New mortgage loans Interest income added to principal Deductions during period: Paydowns/repayments ) Balance at the end of the year 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Irvine, State of California, on February 21, 2023. 
 
 SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. By: /S/ RICHARD K. MATROS 
 Richard K. Matros 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Chair 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 
 Name Title 
 Date /S/ RICHARD K. MATROS Chief Executive Officer, President and Chair (Principal Executive Officer) February 21, 2023 Richard K. Matros /S/ MICHAEL COSTA Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Executive Vice President (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) February 21, 2023 Michael Costa /S/ CRAIG A. BARBAROSH Director February 21, 2023 Craig A. Barbarosh /S/ KATIE CUSACK Director February 21, 2023 Katie Cusack /S/ MICHAEL J. FOSTER Director February 21, 2023 Michael J. Foster /S/ LYNNE S. KATZMANN Director February 21, 2023 Lynne S. Katzmann /S/ ANN KONO Director February 21, 2023 Ann Kono /S/ JEFFREY A. MALEHORN Director February 21, 2023 Jeffrey A. Malehorn /S/ CLIFTON J. PORTER II Director February 21, 2023 Clifton J. Porter II 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 sbraex412022q4.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK OF 
 SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 
 
 The following is a summary of the material terms of our capital stock as set forth in our Articles of Amendment and Restatement (our charter) and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (our bylaws ), which govern the rights of holders of our capital stock. The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to applicable provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL and to our charter and bylaws. For a complete description, we refer to the MGCL, our charter and our bylaws. Copies of our charter and bylaws are included as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. 
 
 General 
 
 Our charter provides that we may issue up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, and up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.01 par value per share. As of December 31, 2022, 231,009,295 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, and no shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding. Under Maryland law, stockholders are not generally liable for our or our subsidiaries debts or obligations solely as a result of their status as stockholders. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 All issued and outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. Subject to the preferential rights of any other class or series of stock and the provisions of our charter that restrict transfer and ownership of our stock, the holders of shares of our common stock generally are entitled to receive dividends on such stock out of assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders when, as and if authorized by our board of directors and declared by us. The holders of shares of common stock are also entitled to share ratably in our net assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, after payment of, or adequate provision for, all of our known debts and liabilities. 
 
 Subject to the rights of any other class or series of our stock and the provisions of our charter that restrict the transfer and ownership of our stock, each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors, and the holders of shares of our common stock possess the exclusive voting power. 
 
 Holders of shares of our common stock generally have no preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund, redemption or appraisal rights and have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our securities. Subject to the provisions of our charter that restrict transfer and ownership of our stock, all shares of common stock have equal dividend, liquidation and other rights. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Under our charter, our board of directors may from time to time establish and cause us to issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock. Prior to the issuance of shares of each class or series of preferred stock, our board of directors will be required by the MGCL and our charter to adopt resolutions and file articles supplementary with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland. The articles supplementary will fix for each class or series the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications, and terms and conditions of redemption, including, but not limited to, the following 
 1 

the title, designation and stated value of the preferred stock 
 the number of shares constituting each class or series 
 voting rights 
 rights and terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions) 
 dividend rights and rates 
 dissolution 
 terms concerning the distribution of assets 
 conversion or exchange terms 
 redemption prices and 
 liquidation preferences. 
 
 All shares of preferred stock will, when issued in exchange for the consideration therefor, be fully paid and nonassessable and, unless otherwise provided for in the terms of a particular class or series of preferred stock, will not have any preemptive or similar rights. Our board of directors, without stockholder approval, could authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a takeover or other transaction that might involve a premium price for holders of the shares or which holders might believe to be in their best interests. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of decreasing the market price of our common stock and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. 
 
 Power to Reclassify Unissued Shares 
 
 Our board of directors has the power, without stockholder approval, to amend our charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of capital stock or the number of authorized shares of capital stock of any class or series, to authorize us to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock and to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock into other classes or series of stock, including one or more classes or series of common stock or preferred stock that have priority with respect to voting rights, dividends or upon liquidation over shares of common stock. Prior to the issuance of shares of each new class or series, our board of directors will be required by the MGCL and our charter to set, subject to the provisions of our charter regarding restrictions on transfer and ownership of stock, the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications, and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series of capital stock. 
 
 Restrictions on Transfer and Ownership of Stock 
 
 In order for us to qualify as a real estate investment trust REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), among other requirements, our stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months (other than the first year for which an election to be a REIT has been made) or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. Also, not more than 50 of the value of the outstanding shares of our stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities such as qualified pension plans) during the last half of a taxable year (other than the first year for which an election to be a REIT has been made). In addition, rent from related-party tenants (generally, a tenant of a REIT that is 10 or more owned, actually or constructively, by the REIT, or that is a 10 owner of the REIT) is not qualifying income for purposes of the gross income tests under the Code. 
 
 2 

Our charter contains restrictions on the transfer and ownership of our stock. The relevant sections of our charter provide that, subject to the exceptions described below, no person or entity may beneficially own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the applicable constructive ownership provisions of the Code, more than 9.9 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding common stock or more than 9.9 in value of our outstanding stock. In addition, classes of shares other than common stock may be subject to ownership limitations set forth in the articles supplementary relating to such shares. These limits are collectively referred to as the ownership limits. The constructive ownership rules under the Code are complex and may cause stock owned actually or constructively by a group of related individuals and or entities to be owned constructively by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.9 of our outstanding common stock or less than 9.9 of our outstanding stock, or the acquisition of an interest in an entity that owns, actually or constructively, our stock, could, nevertheless, cause the acquiror, or another individual or entity, to own constructively shares of our outstanding stock in excess of the ownership limits. 
 
 Our board of directors may, upon receipt of certain representations, covenants and undertakings and in its sole and absolute discretion, prospectively or retroactively, exempt a person from the ownership limits or establish a different limit on ownership, or an excepted holder limit, for a particular stockholder if the stockholder s ownership in excess of the ownership limits would not result in our being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code or otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT. As a condition of granting a waiver of the ownership limits or creating an excepted holder limit, our board of directors may, but is not required to, require an Internal Revenue Service ruling or opinion of counsel satisfactory to our board of directors (in its sole discretion) as it may deem necessary or advisable to determine or ensure our status as a REIT. Our board of directors may only reduce any excepted holder limit with the written consent of such excepted holder at any time or pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreements entered into with the stockholder in connection with the establishment of the excepted holder limit. 
 
 Our board of directors may also, from time to time, increase or decrease the ownership limits unless, after giving effect to the increased or decreased ownership limits, five or fewer persons could beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than 49.9 in number or value of our outstanding stock or we would otherwise fail to qualify as a REIT. Decreased ownership limits do not apply to any person or entity whose ownership of stock is in excess of the decreased ownership limits until the person or entity s ownership of stock equals or falls below the decreased ownership limits, but any further acquisition of stock would be in violation of the decreased ownership limits. 
 
 Our charter also prohibits 
 any person from beneficially or constructively owning shares of our stock to the extent such beneficial or constructive ownership would result in our being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year), or otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT 
 any transfer of shares of our stock if the transfer would result in shares of our stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons 
 any person from beneficially or constructively owning shares of our stock to the extent such beneficial or constructive ownership would result in our constructively owning 9.9 or more of the ownership interests in a tenant within the meaning of Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code and 
 any person from constructively owning shares of our stock to the extent such constructive ownership would cause any eligible independent contractor that operates a qualified health care property on behalf of a taxable REIT subsidiary of ours (as such terms are defined in Sections 856(d)(9)(A), 856(e)(6)(D)(i) and 856(l) of the Code, respectively) to fail to qualify as such. 
 3 

Any person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire beneficial or constructive ownership of shares of our stock that will or may violate the ownership limits, or any of the other restrictions on transfer and ownership of stock, and any person who is the intended transferee of shares of stock that are transferred to the charitable trust described below, will be required to give us immediate written notice and, in the case of a proposed transaction, at least 15 days prior written notice and to provide us with such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect of the transfer on our status as a REIT. The provisions of our charter regarding restrictions on transfer and ownership of stock do not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT or that compliance is no longer required in order for us to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Any attempted transfer of our stock which, if effective, would result in our stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons will be null and void and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares of stock. Any attempted transfer of our stock which, if effective, would violate any of the other restrictions described above will cause the number of shares causing the violation (rounded up to the nearest whole share) to be automatically transferred to a trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries, and the proposed transferee will not acquire any rights in the shares. We will appoint the trustee of the trust, who will be unaffiliated with us and any proposed transferee of the shares. The automatic transfer will be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the business day prior to the date of the violative transfer or other event that results in a transfer to the trust. Shares of our stock held in the trust will be issued and outstanding shares. If the transfer to the trust as described above is not automatically effective, for any reason, to prevent violation of the applicable restrictions on transfer and ownership of stock, then the transfer of the shares will be null and void. 
 
 The proposed transferee shall have no rights in the shares held by the trust. The proposed transferee will not benefit economically from ownership of any shares of stock held in the trust, will have no rights to dividends or other distributions and no rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares of stock held in the trust. The trustee of the trust will exercise all voting rights and receive all dividends and other distributions with respect to shares held in the trust for the exclusive benefit of the charitable beneficiary of the trust. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to our discovery that shares have been transferred to a trust as described above must be repaid by the recipient to the trustee upon demand and any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid shall be held in trust for the charitable beneficiary. Subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date that the shares have been transferred to the trust, the trustee will have the authority, at the trustee s sole discretion, to rescind as void any vote cast by a proposed transferee prior to our discovery that the shares have been transferred to the trust and to recast the vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee acting for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary of the trust. However, if we have already taken irreversible corporate action, then the trustee may not rescind and recast the vote. 
 
 If our board of directors or a committee thereof or other designee if permitted by the MGCL determines in good faith that a proposed transfer or other event has taken place that violates the restrictions on transfer and ownership of stock set forth in our charter or that a person intends to acquire or has attempted to acquire beneficial or constructive ownership in violation of our ownership limits, then our board of directors or such committee or other designee if permitted by the MGCL shall take such action as it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to or to prevent such transfer or other event, including, but not limited to, causing us to redeem shares of stock, refusing to give effect to the transfer on our books or instituting proceedings to enjoin the transfer provided, however, that any transfer or attempted transfer or other event in violation of the above restrictions shall automatically result in the transfer to the trust described above, and, where applicable, such transfer or other event shall be null and void as provided 
 4 

above irrespective of any action or non-action by our board of directors or any committee or designee thereof. 
 
 Shares of stock transferred to the trustee will be deemed offered for sale to us, or our designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price paid per share in the transaction that resulted in such transfer to the charitable trust (or, in the case of a devise or gift, the market price of such stock at the time of such devise or gift) and (ii) the market price of such stock on the date we, or our designee, accepts such offer. We will have the right to accept such offer until the trustee has sold the shares held in the charitable trust. Upon a sale to us, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will be required to distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee and any distributions held by the trustee with respect to such shares to the charitable beneficiary. We may reduce the amount payable to the proposed transferee by the amount of dividends and distributions that have been paid to the proposed transferee and are owed by the proposed transferee to the trustee. We may pay the amount of such reduction to the trustee for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. 
 
 If we do not buy the shares, the trustee will be required, within 20 days of receiving notice from us of a transfer of shares to the trust, to sell the shares to a person or entity designated by the trustee who could own the shares without violating the ownership limits, or the other restrictions on transfer and ownership of stock. Upon such sale, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares of stock sold shall terminate and the trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee and to the charitable beneficiary. After selling the shares, the trustee will be required to distribute to the proposed transferee an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the price paid by the proposed transferee for the shares or, if the proposed transferee did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held by the trust (e.g., in the case of a gift, devise or other such transaction), the market price of such stock on the day of the event causing the shares to be held by the trust and (ii) the price per share received by the trustee (net of any commissions and other expenses) from the sale or other disposition of the shares. The trustee may reduce the amount payable to the proposed transferee by the amount of dividends and distributions that have been paid to the proposed transferee and are owed by the proposed transferee to the trustee. Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the proposed transferee will be paid immediately to the charitable beneficiary. If the proposed transferee sells such shares prior to the discovery that such shares have been transferred to the trustee, then (i) such shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the trust and (ii) to the extent that the proposed transferee received an amount for such shares that exceeds the amount that such proposed transferee would have received if such shares had been sold by the trustee, such excess shall be paid to the trustee upon demand. 
 
 Any certificates representing shares of our stock will bear a legend referring to the restrictions on transfer and ownership described above or state that we will furnish a full statement of the above restrictions on request and without charge. 
 
 Every owner of 5 or more (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder) of our stock, in number or in value, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, will be required to give us written notice stating the person s name and address, the number of shares of each class and series of stock that the person beneficially owns, a description of the manner in which the shares are held and any additional information that we request in order to determine the effect, if any, of the person s beneficial ownership on our status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the ownership limits. In addition, any beneficial owner or constructive owner of shares of our stock and any person or entity (including the stockholder of record) who holds shares of our stock for a beneficial owner or constructive owner will be required to, on request, disclose to us in writing such information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of the stockholder s actual and constructive ownership of 
 5 

stock on our status as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of any governmental or taxing authority. 
 
 The restrictions on transfer and ownership described above could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control in which holders of shares of our stock might receive a premium for their shares over the then-prevailing price. 
 
 Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of Our Charter and Bylaws 
 
 The following paragraphs summarize certain provisions of our charter and bylaws, as well as selected provisions of the MGCL. 
 
 Board of Directors 
 
 Our charter and bylaws provide that the number of directors of our company may be established by our board of directors, but may not be fewer than the minimum number required by the MGCL nor more than eight. Currently, we have eight directors. We have elected to be subject to certain provisions of the MGCL, as a result of which our board of directors has the exclusive power to fill vacancies on the board of directors. 
 
 Each of our directors is elected by our stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until a successor is duly elected and qualifies. In order for any incumbent director to become a nominee of our board of directors for further service on our board of directors, such person must submit an irrevocable resignation, which will only become effective as described below. Under our charter, there is no cumulative voting in the election of our board of directors. Instead, our bylaws require that, in uncontested elections, each director be elected by the majority of votes cast with respect to such director. This means that the number of shares voted for a director nominee must exceed the number of shares affirmatively voted against that nominee in order for that nominee to be elected. If a nominee who is an incumbent director does not receive a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election, the nominating and governance committee of our board of directors shall consider the facts and circumstances relating to the election and the resignation submitted by such nominee, and recommend to our board of directors, within sixty (60) days following certification of the election results, whether such resignation should be accepted or rejected or whether other action should be taken. The board of directors shall act on the resignation within ninety (90) days following certification of the election results, taking into account the committee s recommendation, and publicly disclose (by a press release and filing an appropriate disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission) its decision regarding the resignation. The committee in making its recommendation and the board of directors in making its decision each may consider any factors and other information that they consider appropriate and relevant. 
 
 Removal of Directors 
 
 Our charter provides that, subject to the rights of holders of any class or series of stock separately entitled to elect or remove one or more directors, a director may be removed with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. 
 
 Amendments to Our Charter and Bylaws and Approval of Extraordinary Actions 
 
 Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation generally cannot amend its charter, merge, convert, consolidate, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a statutory share exchange, dissolve or 
 6 

engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business unless the action is advised by the board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, a Maryland corporation may provide in its charter for approval of these actions by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter provides that the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter will be required to approve all charter amendments or extraordinary actions. Also, Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to transfer all or substantially all of its assets without the approval of the stockholders of the corporation to one or more persons if 90 or more of the equity interests of the person or persons are owned, directly or indirectly, by the corporation. 
 
 Our bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed, in whole or in part, and new bylaws may be adopted by (i) our board of directors or (ii) our stockholders with the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter by stockholders entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 Under the MGCL, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as 
 any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 percent or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock or 
 an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 
 A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which such person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, a board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board of directors. 
 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 eighty percent of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation and 
 two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder, voting together as a single class. 
 
 These supermajority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under the MGCL, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. The statute provides various exemptions from its provisions, including for business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our board of directors has not opted out of the business combination provisions of the MGCL, and consequently, the 
 7 

five-year prohibition and the supermajority vote requirements will apply to business combinations between us and any interested stockholder. 
 
 We are subject to the business combination provisions described above. However, our board of directors may elect to opt out of the business combination provisions at any time. 
 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 
 Maryland law provides that issued and outstanding control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the stockholders by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares owned by the acquiror, by officers or by employees who are directors of the corporation are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to, directly or indirectly, exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third, 
 one-third or more but less than a majority, or 
 a majority or more of all voting power. 
 
 Control shares do not include shares the acquiror is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval or shares acquired directly from the corporation. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the board of directors of the corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the special meeting. If no request for a special meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 
 If voting rights are not approved at the special meeting or if the acquiror does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the corporation may, subject to certain conditions and limitations, redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquiror or of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of such shares are considered and not approved. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. 
 
 The control share acquisition statute does not apply (a) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. 
 
 8 

Our bylaws contain a provision that exempts from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock. This provision may be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 
 Subtitle 8 
 
 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or by a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the charter or bylaws, to any or all of the following five provisions 
 a classified board, 
 a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director, 
 a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors, 
 a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office and such director shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies, and 
 a majority requirement for the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders. 
 
 The board has adopted a resolution that prohibits our company from electing to be subject to the classified board provision of Subtitle 8 unless a proposal to repeal such resolution is first approved by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast on the matter by stockholders entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. Pursuant to our charter, we have elected to be subject to the provision of Subtitle 8 that requires that vacancies on the board may be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred. Through provisions in our bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we already (1) vest in the board of directors the exclusive power to fix the number of directors and (2) require, unless called by our chair, chief executive officer, president or the board of directors, the request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting to call a special meeting of stockholders if certain procedural requirements are met. 
 
 Special Meetings of the Stockholders 
 
 Each of our chair of the board, chief executive officer, president and board of directors has the power to call a special meeting of the stockholders. A special meeting of the stockholders to act on any matter that may properly be brought before a meeting of stockholders will also be called by our secretary upon the written request of the stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at the meeting and containing the information required by our bylaws. The secretary will be required to inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing the notice of meeting (including our proxy materials), and the requesting stockholder will be required to pay such estimated cost to the secretary prior to the preparation and mailing of any notice for such special meeting. 
 
 Advance Notice of Director Nomination and New Business Proxy Access 
 
 Our charter and bylaws provide that, at any annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to the board of directors and proposals of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (i) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the board of directors, or 
 9 

(iii) by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record at each of (A) the record date with respect to the annual meeting, (B) the time of giving of notice by the stockholder as provided in the advance notice provisions set forth in our bylaws, and (C) the time of the annual meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the annual meeting in the election of directors or on such other proposed business and who has complied with the advance notice provisions set forth in our bylaws. The stockholder generally must provide notice to the secretary not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of our proxy statement for the solicitation of proxies for election of directors at the preceding year s annual meeting. 
 
 Only the business specified in our notice of meeting may be brought before any special meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws provide that nominations of individuals for election to our board of directors at a special meeting of stockholders may be made only (i) by or at the direction of our board of directors, (ii) by a stockholder that has requested that a special meeting be called for the purpose of electing directors and provides the information required to request such a meeting under our bylaws, or (iii) provided that the special meeting has been called for the purpose of electing directors, by any stockholder of record at each of (A) the record date with respect to the special meeting, (B) the time of giving of notice provided for in the advance notice provisions set forth in our bylaws and (C) the time of the special meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the advance notice provisions set forth in our bylaws. Such stockholder will be entitled to nominate one or more individuals, as the case may be, for election as a director if the stockholder s notice, containing the information required by our bylaws, is delivered to the secretary at our principal executive office not earlier than the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of (i) the 90th day prior to such special meeting or (ii) the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and any of the nominees proposed by the board of directors to be elected at such meeting. 
 
 Our bylaws also include proxy access to allow eligible stockholders to include their own nominee or nominees for director in our proxy materials for an annual meeting of stockholders, along with the candidates nominated by the board of directors. A stockholder, or group of up to 20 stockholders, owning 3 or more of our outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years would be permitted to include director candidates constituting up to 25 of our board of directors (rounded down to the nearest whole number, but not less than two). Under the proxy access procedure, for the stockholders notice in respect of the annual meeting of our stockholders to be timely, such notice must be delivered to us not later than the close of business on the 120th day nor earlier than the 150th day prior to the first anniversary of the release date of the proxy materials for the preceding year s annual meeting of stockholders. The foregoing proxy access right is subject to additional eligibility, procedural and disclosure requirements set forth in our bylaws. 
 
 The purpose of requiring stockholders to give advance notice of nominations and other proposals is to afford our board of directors the opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees or the advisability of the other proposals and, to the extent considered necessary by our board of directors, to inform stockholders and make recommendations regarding the nominations or other proposals. The advance notice and proxy access procedures also permit a more orderly procedure for conducting stockholder meetings. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 
 
 10 

Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, 
 any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee of our company to our company or to the stockholders of our company, 
 any action asserting a claim against our company or any director or officer or other employee of our company arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL, our charter or our bylaws, or 
 any action asserting a claim against our company or any director or officer or other employee of our company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 This exclusive forum provision is intended to apply to claims arising under Maryland state law and would not apply to claims brought pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. This exclusive forum provision will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effect of Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of Our Charter and Bylaws 
 
 The restrictions on transfer and ownership of our stock will prohibit any person from acquiring more than 9.9 of outstanding common stock or more than 9.9 of outstanding stock without prior approval of our board of directors. The business combination statute may discourage others from trying to acquire more than 10 of our stock without the advance approval of our board of directors, and may substantially delay or increase the difficulty of consummating any transaction with or change in control of us. Because our board of directors can approve exceptions to the transfer and ownership limits and exempt transactions from the business combination statute, the transfer and ownership limits and the business combination statute will not interfere with a merger or other business combination approved by our board of directors. The power of our board of directors to classify and reclassify unissued common stock or preferred stock, and authorize us to issue classified or reclassified shares, also could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control or other transaction. 
 
 These provisions, along with other provisions of the MGCL and our charter and bylaws discussed above, including provisions relating to the removal of directors and the filling of vacancies, the advance notice provisions and the procedures that stockholders will be required to follow to request a special meeting, alone or in combination, could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or other change in control that might involve a premium price for shares of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders, and could increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Shares of our common stock are listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol SBRA. 
 11 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 sbraex2112022q4.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Sabra Subsidiaries 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction of Organization 1717 Senior Partners, LLC Indiana 2100 Benvoulin Court Holdings, Inc. British Columbia 2829-34th Street Holdings, Inc. British Columbia 317 Winnipeg St. Holdings Inc. British Columbia 3211 Alexis Park Drive Holdings Inc. British Columbia 870 Westminster Ave. Holdings, Inc. British Columbia Arden Real Estate Holdings, LLC Delaware Beaumont Senior Partners, LLC Indiana Beavercreek Senior Partners, LLC Indiana Bloomsburg Nominee LLC Delaware Bloomsburg Nominee LP Delaware C.H.W. Limited Liability Company New Hampshire CCP Arlington 1961 LLC Delaware CCP Ashland 7250 LLC Delaware CCP Aspen Grove 7382 LLC Delaware CCP Augusta 0544 LLC Delaware CCP Autumn View 7580 LLC Delaware CCP Autumn Woods 7586 LLC Delaware CCP Avalon 5010 LP Delaware CCP Bay View 0738 LP Delaware CCP Bayview 7176 LLC Delaware CCP Bear Creek 3764 LLC Delaware CCP Bellefontaine Gardens 7251 LLC Delaware CCP Belleville 7343 LLC Delaware CCP Bellingham 0158 LLC Delaware CCP Bellingham 1501 LLC Delaware CCP Blueberry Hill 0581 LLC Delaware CCP Boise 0216 LLC Delaware CCP Bolton Manor 0529 LLC Delaware CCP Bremen 0290 LLC Delaware CCP Brentwood 0555 LLC Delaware CCP Brewer 0547 LLC Delaware CCP Brighton 0873 LLC Delaware CCP Brookhaven 7581 LLC Delaware CCP Burlington House 2702 LP Delaware CCP Camelot 0563 LLC Delaware CCP Cascade Park 7360 LLC Delaware CCP Chapel Hill 0806 LP Delaware CCP Cherry Hills 1159 LLC Delaware CCP Cheyenne 0441 LLC Delaware CCP Chillicothe 0569 LP Delaware 
 1 

CCP Clackamas 1513 LLC Delaware CCP Colony House 0582 LLC Delaware CCP Conway 7175 LLC Delaware CCP Coos Bay 1510 LLC Delaware CCP Coshocton 0635 LP Delaware CCP Country Manor 0507 LLC Delaware CCP Covina 4003 LP Delaware CCP Crestview 1505 LLC Delaware CCP Current River 7252 LLC Delaware CCP Cypress Pointe 0188 LP Delaware CCP Danville Centre 0782 LLC Delaware CCP Den-Mar 0542 LLC Delaware CCP Dixon 7253 LLC Delaware CCP Dover 0591 LLC Delaware CCP Driftwood 7140 LP Delaware CCP Dundee 7170 LLC Delaware CCP Dutchess 1741 LLC Delaware CCP Eastside 0545 LLC Delaware CCP Eliot 0526 LLC Delaware CCP Elizabethtown 0787 LLC Delaware CCP Eugene 1509 LLC Delaware CCP Evergreen North Cascades 7201 LLC Delaware CCP Fayette County 7452 LP Delaware CCP Finance I LLC Delaware CCP Finance II LLC Delaware CCP Firesteel 7380 LLC Delaware CCP Florence Villa 3781 LLC Delaware CCP Forsyth 7254 LLC Delaware CCP Fountain Circle 0280 LLC Delaware CCP Fountain Springs 7381 LLC Delaware CCP Galion 7451 LP Delaware CCP Garden Gate 7583 LLC Delaware CCP Garden Valley 1155 LLC Delaware CCP Glendale 4001 LLC Delaware CCP Glenwood 7255 LLC Delaware CCP Golden 7470 LLC Delaware CCP Gravios 2227 LLC Delaware CCP Guardian Roanoke 0704 LP Delaware CCP Guardian Rocky Mount 0723 LP Delaware CCP Guardian Zebulon 0713 LP Delaware CCP Harbour Point 0826 LLC Delaware CCP Harris Hill 7582 LLC Delaware CCP Harrodsburg 0864 LLC Delaware CCP Healthbridge 7403 LP Delaware CCP Hillcrest 0785 LLC Delaware 
 2 

CCP Hillsboro 1507 LLC Delaware CCP Holdings GP1 LLC Delaware CCP Hopkins 3784 LLC Delaware CCP Junction City 1508 LLC Delaware CCP Kachina Point 0853 LLC Delaware CCP Kansas II LLC Delaware CCP Keizer 1526 LLC Delaware CCP Kennebunk 0549 LLC Delaware CCP King City 1506 LLC Delaware CCP Kinston 0711 LP Delaware CCP La Mesa 1910 LLC Delaware CCP Lakeshore 4000 LLC Delaware CCP Las Vegas 0640 LLC Delaware CCP Lebanon 1504 LLC Delaware CCP Lincoln 0307 LP Delaware CCP Madison 0132 LLC Delaware CCP Malley 0859 LLC Delaware CCP Marietta 0645 LLC Delaware CCP Maryville 3785 LLC Delaware CCP Masters 0884 LLC Delaware CCP McKinney 1677 LLC Delaware CCP Meadowvale 0269 LLC Delaware CCP Medford 0453 LLC Delaware CCP MG Manor 7387 LLC Delaware CCP Millbrook 1678 LLC Delaware CCP Minneapolis 7005 LLC Delaware CCP Monroe 0707 LP Delaware CCP Mountain View 1529 LLC Delaware CCP Mountain View 2228 LLC Delaware CCP Mt. Pleasant 7171 LLC Delaware CCP Muncie 0406 LLC Delaware CCP Newport 1528 LLC Delaware CCP Newton Wellesley 0539 LLC Delaware CCP North Gate 7584 LLC Delaware CCP Northern Nevada 2226 LLC Delaware CCP Norway 0550 LLC Delaware CCP Nutmeg Pavilion 0567 LLC Delaware CCP Oakridge 3766 LLC Delaware CCP Oakview 0278 LLC Delaware CCP Olympic 1503 LLC Delaware CCP Orange Hills 7390 LP Delaware CCP Palisade 7383 LLC Delaware CCP Parkway Pavilion 0568 LLC Delaware CCP Parkwood 0407 LLC Delaware CCP Pearl Kruse 1527 LLC Delaware 
 3 

CCP Petersburg 3767 LLC Delaware CCP Pettigrew 0116 LP Delaware CCP Phoenix 1930 LLC Delaware CCP Pleasant Valley 1679 LLC Delaware CCP Prairie View 7385 LLC Delaware CCP Primacy 0822 LLC Delaware CCP Properties Business Trust Massachusetts CCP Queen Anne 0462 LLC Delaware CCP Quincy 0537 LLC Delaware CCP Raleigh 0143 LP Delaware CCP Rawlins 0481 LLC Delaware CCP Regency 1676 LLC Delaware CCP Regency Manor 2701 LP Delaware CCP Richmond Beach 1500 LLC Delaware CCP River Terrace 0587 LLC Delaware CCP Riverpark 1502 LLC Delaware CCP Riverside 0281 LLC Delaware CCP Riverview 7384 LLC Delaware CCP Rosewood 0277 LLC Delaware CCP Royal Oaks 0112 LLC Delaware CCP Sachem 0514 LLC Delaware CCP Sage View 0483 LLC Delaware CCP San Diego 4005 LP Delaware CCP Savannah Rehab 0155 LLC Delaware CCP Savannah Specialty 0660 LLC Delaware CCP Seneca 7585 LLC Delaware CCP Senior Indiana LLC Delaware CCP Shepherd 7386 LLC Delaware CCP Silas Creek 0191 LP Delaware CCP Silex 7256 LLC Delaware CCP Smoky Hill 7350 LLC Delaware CCP South Hampton 7257 LLC Delaware CCP South Shore Manor 3782 LLC Delaware CCP Springfield Business Trust Massachusetts CCP St. Francis 1742 LLC Delaware CCP Strafford 7258 LLC Delaware CCP Sunnybrook 0137 LP Delaware CCP Sunnyside 0452 LLC Delaware CCP Tacoma 1512 LLC Delaware CCP Tacoma 1515 LLC Delaware CCP Tacoma Pearl 1532 LLC Delaware CCP Tempe 4002 LLC Delaware CCP Three Fountains 1525 LLC Delaware CCP Torrey Pines 0641 LLC Delaware CCP Tri-State 7172 LLC Delaware 
 4 

CCP Ulster 1743 LLC Delaware CCP Ventura 4004 LP Delaware CCP Villa Campana 0851 LLC Delaware CCP Village 1931 LLC Delaware CCP Warren 7453 LP Delaware CCP Western Village 3780 LLC Delaware CCP Westgate Manor 0554 LLC Delaware CCP Westminster 3775 LLC Delaware CCP Westwood Manor 7348 LLC Delaware CCP WH Holdings LLC Delaware CCP Wheatcrest 7388 LLC Delaware CCP Whitesburg 0791 LLC Delaware CCP Wind River 0482 LLC Delaware CCP Windsor 7259 LLC Delaware CCP Winship Green 0546 LLC Delaware CCP Worthington 1160 LLC Delaware CCP Wyomissing 1237 LLC Delaware Charleston AID II OpCo LLC Delaware Charleston AID II PropCo LLC Delaware Chesterfield Holdings, LLC (Subsidiary of Joint Venture) Delaware Chesterfield TRS, LLC (Subsidiary of Joint Venture) Delaware Clarks Summit AID II OpCo LLC Delaware Clarks Summit AID II PropCo LLC Delaware Clarksville Senior Partners, LLC Indiana Deerfield Senior Partners, LLC Indiana Douglassville AID II OpCo LLC Delaware Douglassville AID II PropCo LLC Delaware Dover AID II OpCo LLC Delaware Dover AID II PropCo LLC Delaware Gainesville Holding, LLC (Joint Venture) Delaware Gainesville Propco, LLC (Subsidiary of Joint Venture) Delaware HEB Health Care Partners, LLC (Joint Venture) Delaware HEB SNF RE GenPar, LLC Texas HEB SNF RE, L.P. Texas L.P.E. New Hampshire Langdon Place of Dover, a general partnership New Hampshire Langdon Place of Keene Limited Partnership New Hampshire LBG 1717 JV, LLC (Joint Venture) Indiana LBG Madeira JV, LLC (Joint Venture) Indiana Lewisburg AID II OpCo LLC Delaware Lewisburg AID II PropCo LLC Delaware Madeira Senior Partners, LLC (Subsidiary of Joint Venture) Indiana Master Aid II PROPCO LLC Delaware Master Aid II-B PROPCO LLC Delaware Master Tenant (FNMA) AID II Opco LLC Delaware 
 5 

Master Tenant (UNEN) AID II Opco LLC Delaware McCordsville Senior Partners, LLC Indiana Milford AID II OpCo LLC Delaware Milford AID II PropCo LLC Delaware MLD Properties, LLC Delaware MLD Shelton Investors Partnership California New Hampshire Holdings, LLC Delaware Oak Hill AID II OpCo LLC Delaware Oak Hill AID II PropCo LLC Delaware Parent AID II Opco TRS LLC Delaware Park Place AL, LLC Indiana Reading AID II OpCo LLC Delaware Reading AID II PropCo LLC Delaware Sabra 1717 Preferred Equity, LLC Delaware Sabra AL Holdings, LLC Delaware Sabra AL Operations, LLC Delaware Sabra Alamitos, LP Delaware Sabra Beachside, LP Delaware Sabra Beaumont Preferred Equity, LLC Delaware Sabra Beavercreek Preferred Equity, LLC Delaware Sabra Bedford Hills, LLC Delaware Sabra Broadway, LP Delaware Sabra Burien, LLC Delaware Sabra CA Holdco, Inc. British Columbia Sabra CA Holdings, LP Delaware Sabra California GP, LLC Delaware Sabra Canadian GP I, Inc. British Columbia Sabra Canadian GP II, Inc. British Columbia Sabra Canadian GP III, Inc. British Columbia Sabra Canadian GP IV, Inc. British Columbia Sabra Canadian Holdings, LLC Delaware Sabra Canadian Properties I, Limited Partnership British Columbia Sabra Canadian Properties II, Limited Partnership British Columbia Sabra Canadian Properties III, Limited Partnership British Columbia Sabra Canadian Properties IV, Limited Partnership British Columbia Sabra Capital Corporation Delaware Sabra Chatsworth, LP Delaware Sabra Celebration Preferred Equity, LLC Delaware Sabra Chesterfield Preferred Equity, LLC Delaware Sabra Clarksville Preferred Equity, LLC Delaware Sabra Colorado, LLC Nevada Sabra Colorado II, LLC Nevada Sabra Cottonwood, LP Delaware Sabra Coventry, LP Delaware Sabra Danville, LP Delaware 
 6 

Sabra Deer Lodge, LLC Delaware Sabra Deerfield Operations, LLC Delaware Sabra Deerfield Preferred Equity, LLC Delaware Sabra Edgewater, LP Delaware Sabra Fairfield, LP Delaware Sabra Fairmont, LP Delaware Sabra FHAPT, LLC Delaware Sabra Forest Hills, LLC Delaware Sabra Garden View, LP Delaware Sabra Grand Terrace, LP Delaware Sabra Hagerstown, LLC Delaware Sabra Health Care AL, LLC Delaware Sabra Health Care Delaware, LLC Delaware Sabra Health Care Frankenmuth, LLC Delaware Sabra Health Care Holdings I, LLC Delaware Sabra Health Care Holdings II, LLC Delaware Sabra Health Care Holdings III, LLC Delaware Sabra Health Care Holdings IV, LLC Delaware Sabra Health Care Holdings V, LLC Delaware Sabra Health Care Holdings VI, LLC Delaware Sabra Health Care Investments, LP Delaware Sabra Health Care Limited Partnership Delaware Sabra Health Care Northeast, LLC Delaware Sabra Health Care Pennsylvania, LLC Delaware Sabra Health Care Virginia II, LLC Delaware Sabra Health Care Virginia, LLC Delaware Sabra Health Care, L.L.C. Delaware Sabra IL California GP, LLC Delaware Sabra IL California, L.P. Delaware Sabra IL Holdings, LLC Delaware Sabra IL Operations, LLC Delaware Sabra IL Texas GP, LLC Texas Sabra IL Texas, L.P. Texas Sabra Issaquah, LLC Delaware Sabra Lake Balboa, LP Delaware Sabra Lake Drive, LLC Delaware Sabra LBG 1717 JV, LLC (Joint Venture) Delaware Sabra LBG Clarksville JV, LLC (Joint Venture) Delaware Sabra LBG Deerfield JV, LLC (Joint Venture) Delaware Sabra LBG JV, LLC (Joint Venture) Delaware Sabra LBG Madeira, LLC (Joint Venture) Delaware Sabra LBG McCordsville, LLC (Joint Venture) Delaware Sabra Lomita, LP Delaware Sabra Madiera Preferred Equity, LLC Delaware Sabra Marshfield II RP, LLC Delaware 
 7 

Sabra Marshfield II TRS, LLC Delaware Sabra McCordsville Preferred Equity, LLC Delaware Sabra Michigan, LLC Delaware Sabra Midwest Operations I, LLC Delaware Sabra Midwest Operations II, LLC Delaware Sabra Midwest Operations III, LLC Delaware Sabra Midwest Operations IV, LLC Delaware Sabra Midwest Operations V, LLC Delaware Sabra Midwest Operations VI, LLC Delaware Sabra Missouri River, LLC Delaware Sabra Nashua, LLC New Hampshire Sabra New Braunfels Preferred Equity, LLC Delaware Sabra New Mexico II, LLC Delaware Sabra North Carolina GP, LLC Delaware Sabra North Carolina, L.P. Delaware Sabra North Conway, L.L.C. New Hampshire Sabra Opco AL, LLC Delaware Sabra Pacifica, LP Delaware Sabra Palm Terrace, LP Delaware Sabra Park Ridge, LLC Delaware Sabra Park West, LLC Delaware Sabra Phoenix Holding, LLC Delaware Sabra Phoenix Marshfield, LLC Delaware Sabra Phoenix TRS Venture II, LLC Delaware Sabra Phoenix TRS Venture, LLC Delaware Sabra Phoenix Wisconsin, LLC Delaware Sabra Propco AL, LLC Delaware Sabra Ramona, LP Delaware Sabra Ramsey, LLC Delaware Sabra Ramsey TRS, LLC Delaware Sabra Texas GP, LLC Texas Sabra Texas Holdings GP, LLC Texas Sabra Texas Holdings, LP Texas Sabra Texas Holdings II, L.P. Texas Sabra Texas Properties LP Texas Sabra Texas Properties II, L.P. Texas Sabra Texas Properties III, L.P. Texas Sabra Texas Properties IV, L.P. Texas Sabra Texas Properties VI, L.P. Texas Sabra TRS Holdings, LLC Delaware Sabra University, LP Delaware Sabra Virginia III, LLC Delaware Sabra Wellmore Preferred Equity, LLC Delaware Sabra West Coast Operations I, LLC Delaware Sabra West Coast Operations II, LLC Delaware 
 8 

Sabra West Coast Operations III, LLC Delaware Sabra West Coast Operations IV, LLC Delaware Sabra West Coast Operations V, LLC Delaware Sabra West Lake Operations, LLC Delaware Sabra Wisconsin, LLC Delaware Sabra Wisconsin II, LLC Delaware Sabra Woodland, LP Delaware Sabra-Sundara Master Developer, LLC Delaware SbraREIT Assisted Living I, ULC Nova Scotia SbraREIT Canadian GP V Inc. Nova Scotia SbraREIT Canadian Properties V, Limited Partnership Alberta SbraREIT Independent Living I, ULC British Columbia SbraREIT Independent Living II, ULC British Columbia Scott Depot AID II OpCo LLC Delaware Scott Depot AID II PropCo LLC Delaware SHDG Chesterfield, LLC (Subsidiary of Joint Venture) Delaware SHDG Missouri, LLC (Subsidiary of Joint Venture) Delaware Sundara Prop-1, LLC (Subsidiary of Joint Venture) Texas TSL NB Prop Co., LLC (Joint Venture) Delaware United Rehab Realty Holding, LLC Delaware Wellmore of Daniel Island JV, LLC Delaware Wellmore of Daniel Island Propco, LLC (Subsidiary of Joint Venture) Delaware Williamsport AID II OpCo LLC Delaware Williamsport AID II PropCo LLC Delaware Wyncote AID II OpCo LLC Delaware Wyncote AID II PropCo LLC Delaware Sienna Sabra GP Corp (Joint Venture) Ontario Sienna Sabra LP (Subsidiary of Joint Venture) Ontario Sienna Sabra ON Corp (Subsidiary of Joint Venture) Ontario Sienna Sabra SK Corp (Subsidiary of Joint Venture) Ontario Joliette Residences GP Inc (Joint Venture) Ontario Joliette Residences Limited Partnership (Subsidiary of Joint Venture) Ontario PCF Residences GP Inc. (Joint Venture) Ontario PCF Residences Limited Partnership (Subsidiary of Joint Venture) Ontario VD Residences GP Inc (Joint Venture) Quebec VD Residences Limited (Subsidiary of Joint Venture) Quebec 
 
 9 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 sbraex2312022q4.htm
 CONSENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-235449) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-220055 and 333-239427) of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. of our report dated February 21, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedules, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Irvine, California 
 February 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 sbraex3112022q4.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Richard K. Matros, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 
 S RICHARD K. MATROS Richard K. Matros Chief Executive Officer, President and Chair 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 sbraex3122022q4.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Michael Costa, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 
 S MICHAEL COSTA Michael Costa Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Executive Vice President 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 sbraex3212022q4.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. (the Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Richard K. Matros, as Chief Executive Officer, President and Chair of the Registrant, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 
 S RICHARD K. MATROS Richard K. Matros Chief Executive Officer, President and Chair 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 sbraex3222022q4.htm
 SECTION 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. (the Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Michael Costa, as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Executive Vice President of the Registrant, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date February 21, 2023 
 
 S MICHAEL COSTA Michael Costa Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Executive Vice President 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 sbra-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 sbra-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 sbra-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 sbra-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 sbra-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

