<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1058307_0001493152-23-010400.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9895863</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>349430</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1512100</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3455986</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2012426</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2329379</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010400.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331171215
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010400
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NextPlat Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001058307
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				650783722
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40447
		FILM NUMBER:		23789093

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3250 MARY ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 410
		CITY:			COCONUT GROVE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33133
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-305-560-5355

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3250 MARY ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 410
		CITY:			COCONUT GROVE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33133

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ORBSAT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190819

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Orbital Tracking Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150128

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Great West Resources, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140514

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010400.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day
of the registrants most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022), was based on the price at which the common equity
was last sold on the NASDAQ on that date. 

The
number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, as of March 30, 2023, was . 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

NEXTPLAT
CORP 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 Fiscal
Year Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. Business 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 Item
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 
 Item
 2. Properties 
 39 
 
 Item
 3. Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 
 Item
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 40 
 
 Item
 6. [RESERVED] 
 40 
 
 Item
 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 40 
 
 Item
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 
 Item
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 
 
 Item
 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 52 
 
 Item
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 53 
 
 Item
 9B. Other Information 
 54 

PART III 

Item
 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 54 
 
 Item
 11. Executive Compensation 
 54 
 
 Item
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 54 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 54 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 54 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 54 
 
 Item
 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 60 
 
 Signatures 
 61 

2 

PART
I 

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Portions
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (including information incorporated by reference) include forward-looking statements 
based on our current beliefs, expectations, and projections regarding our business strategies, market potential, future financial performance,
industry, and other matters. This includes, in particular, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as other portions of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. The words believe, expect, anticipate, project, could, would, 
and similar expressions, among others, generally identify forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the
statements were made. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated, or implied in the forward-looking statements.
The most significant of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in Item 1A Risk Factors of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except to the limited extent required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

Item
1. Business 

Corporate
Information 

NextPlat
Corp, formerly Orbsat Corp NextPlat ), is a Nevada corporation and was originally incorporated in Florida in 1997. Our
headquarters and principal executive offices are located at 3250 Mary St., Suite 410, Coconut Grove, FL 33133. Our telephone number is
(305) 560-5355, and our corporate website is www.nextplat.com . Unless the context requires otherwise, in this report the terms
 the Company, we, us, and, our refer to NextPlat and our wholly owned subsidiaries. 

We
file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC also maintains an Internet site
that contains annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information that we (together with other
issuers) file electronically. The SEC s Internet site is www.sec.gov. We make available free of charge on or through our website
our annual, quarterly and current reports and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file
such material with or furnish it to the SEC. 

The
contents of our website or any other website are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

All
share and per share, information in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and footnotes has been retroactively restated
to reflect the reverse splits described above. 

Our
Business 

Leveraging
the e-commerce experience of our management team and our existing e-commerce platforms, the Company has embarked upon the rollout of
a state-of-the-art e-commerce platform to collaborate with businesses to optimize their ability to sell their goods online,
domestically, and internationally, and enabling customers and partners to optimize their e-commerce presence and revenue, which we
expect will become the focus of the Company s business in the future. Historically, the business of NextPlat has been the
provision of a comprehensive array of Satellite Industry communication services, and related equipment sales. As detailed in Online
Storefronts and E-Commerce Platforms below, the Company operates two main e-commerce websites as well as 25 third-party e-commerce
storefronts on platforms such as Alibaba, Amazon, OnBuy, and Walmart. These e-commerce venues form an effective global network
serving thousands of consumers, enterprises, and governments. We are actively pursuing distribution, marketing and license
arrangements and joint ventures with companies that could distribute their products through our e-commerce platform. We may also
seek to joint venture with or purchase part or all of businesses that manufacture or distribute products, particularly those that we
believe we could market through our e-commerce platform, as well as business that could enhance our e-commerce platform. As part of
our efforts to enhance our e-commerce platform we have also begun the design and development of a next generation platform for
digital assets built for Web3 (an internet service built using decentralized blockchains). This new platform NextPlat
Digital will enable the use of a range of digital assets, such as non-fungible tokens NFTs ), in e-commerce
and in community-building activities. 

3 

Recent Investments in Progressive Care Inc. 

During 2022, with a view to enhancing
our product and services offerings, we invested in securities issued by Progressive Care Inc. Progressive Care Inc. (OTCQB: RXMD) Progressive is a Florida health services organization and provider of Third-Party Administration (TPA), data management, COVID-19 related diagnostics
and vaccinations, 340B contracted pharmacy services, prescription pharmaceuticals, compounded medications, provider of tele-pharmacy
services, the sale of anti-retroviral medications, medication therapy management (MTM), the supply of prescription medications to long-term
care facilities, and health practice risk management. Our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Charles Fernandez, was appointed
as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Progressive in November 2022 along with our Board member, Mr. Rodney Barreto, who was
appointed to serve as Vice Chairman of Progressive s board of directors. Our holdings in Progressive include preferred stock, common
stock, warrants and convertible debt, and we currently account for it on the equity method. In addition, we have extended an equity line
of credit to Progressive. Through conversion of our convertible debt and warrants as well as via securities issuances that would result
from utilization of the equity line of credit, we are able to own more than 50 of the voting equity securities of Progressive should
we choose to do so. We have determined to use our ownership of the above securities to assert significant influence over Progressive Care, and we are
in the process of assessing whether we should take steps to obtain further control of Progressive and/or integrate Progressive s
business with our own; or whether we should maintain it as a separate business. 

Communications
Products and Services 

Through
our legacy Global Telesat Communications Ltd and Orbital Satcom Corp business units, we provide Mobile Satellite Services MSS solutions to fulfill the growing global demand for satellite-enabled voice, data, personnel and asset tracking, Machine-to-Machine (M2M)
and Internet of Things (IoT) connectivity services. We provide these solutions for businesses, governments, military, humanitarian organizations,
and individual users, enabling them to communicate, connect to the internet, track and monitor remote assets and lone workers, or request
SOS assistance via satellite from almost anywhere in the world, even in the most remote and hostile of environments. As we proceed to
grow and enhance our e-commerce business and product offerings, we will consider whether we should retain our Global Telesat Communications
Ltd and Orbital Satcom Corp business units, or whether we should sell or spin them off. 

We
provide voice, data communications, IoT and M2M services via Geostationary and Low Earth Orbit LEO satellite constellations
and offer reliable connectivity in areas where terrestrial wireless or wireline networks do not exist or are limited, including remote
land areas, open ocean, airways, the polar regions and regions where terrestrial networks are not operational, for example due to political
conflicts and natural or man-made disasters. 

We
have expertise and long-term experience in providing tracking and monitoring services via satellite, specifically through the Globalstar
Low Earth Orbit satellite network. We own unique network infrastructure devices, known as appliqu s, which are in various Globalstar
ground stations around the world and provide the signal receipt and processing technology that enables and powers the Globalstar simplex
data service. Our ownership of these appliqu s provides us with competitive access to the global simplex data service which addresses
the market demand for a small and cost-effective solution for sending data, such as geographic coordinates, from assets or individuals
in remote locations to a central monitoring station and is used in numerous applications such as tracking vehicles, asset shipments,
livestock, and monitoring unattended remote assets. In addition, we also provide tracking and monitoring solutions using Automatic Identification
System (AIS), 2G-5G, Push-to-Talk and two-way radio technology. 

We
generate revenue from both the provision of services and the sale of equipment. Higher margin recurring service revenue from the sale
of monthly, annual, and prepaid airtime or messaging plans has historically represented an increasing proportion of our revenue, and
we expect that trend to continue as we introduce new products requiring associated airtime or messaging plans. 

We
provide our products and services directly to end users and reseller networks located both in the United States and internationally through
our subsidiaries, U.S. based Orbital Satcom Corp Orbital Satcom and U.K. based Global Telesat Communications Limited GTC ). We have a physical presence in the United States and the United Kingdom, as well as an ecommerce storefront presence
in 18 countries across 5 continents. We have a diverse geographical customer base having provided solutions to more than 50,000 customers
located in more than 165 countries across most every continent in the world. 

4 

MSS
Products 

Our
MSS products rely on satellite networks for voice, data and tracking connectivity and thus are not reliant on cell towers or other local
infrastructure. As a result, our MSS solutions are suitable for recreational travelers and adventurers, government and military users,
and corporations and individuals wishing to communicate or connect to the internet from remote locations, or in the event of an emergency
such as a power outage, following a hurricane or other natural disaster during which regular cell phone, telephone and internet service
may not be available. 

Our
satellite communications products enable users to make voice calls, send and receive text messages and emails, and transmit GPS location
coordinates from virtually anywhere on the planet, no matter how remote the location and regardless of the availability of local communication
infrastructure. Our range of satellite data products allows users around the world to connect to the internet, stream live video, and
communicate via voice and data applications. 

We
are a provider of GPS enabled emergency locator distress beacons that can save lives, on land and at sea. Our distress beacons enable
essential communication between our customers and search and rescue organizations during emergency situations and pinpoint locational
information to Search and Rescue services, essential during an emergency. 

We
provide a wide range of satellite tracking devices used to monitor the location, movements, and history of almost anything that moves.
We specialize in offering satellite tracking services through the Globalstar satellite network and have supplied tens of thousands of
tracking devices which are used around the world to locate lone workers, track shipping containers, livestock, vehicles, and vessels
along with many other types of assets. 

The
first product launched by the Company, SolarTrack, is a compact, lightweight, IoT tracking device powered by the sun and operating on
one of the most modern satellite networks in the world. It is designed for tracking and monitoring anything that moves, or any remote
asset used outdoors, almost anywhere in the world and we anticipate strong demand from customers looking for a low cost, low maintenance
tracking device to monitor remote assets. 

Mapping
and Tracking Portal 

Our
advanced subscription-based mapping and tracking portal, GTCTrack, is available for use by registered customers who pay a monthly fee
to access it. This mapping portal provides a universal and hardware-agnostic, cloud-based data visualization and management platform
that allows managers to track, command, and control assets in near-real-time. Asset location reports including position, speed, altitude,
heading and past location and movement history reports for a wide range of tracking devices and other products sold by us are available
through GTCTrack. 

Online
Storefronts and E-Commerce Platforms 

We
operate two e-commerce websites offering a range of MSS products and solutions through our subsidiaries, Orbital Satcom, which
targets customers in North and South America, and GTC which targets customers in the UK, EU, Middle East, Asia and the rest of the
world. These websites produce sales and attract enquiries from customers and potential customers from all around the world. Over the
long term, we plan to develop additional country-specific websites to target customers in South America, Asia and Europe where we
anticipate there will be substantial further demand for our products. 

5 

In
addition to our two main e-commerce websites, we make portable satellite voice, data and tracking solutions easier to find and buy online
through our various third-party e-commerce storefronts such as Alibaba, Amazon, OnBuy and Walmart. We currently operate 25 storefronts
across various countries on 5 continents. We have invested in personnel to translate our listings correctly in the different countries
we are represented in and intend to regularly improve and increase our listings on all e-commerce sites. We currently have more than
10,000 product listings on all third-party sites and invest significantly in inventory to hold at Amazon s various fulfillment
centers around the world to ensure that orders are shipped to customers as quickly as possible. The products include handheld satellite
phones, personal and asset tracking devices, portable high-speed broadband terminals, and satellite Wi-Fi hotspots. Our Amazon online
marketplaces represented approximately 54.3 and 63.6 of total sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively and
we anticipate that these marketplaces will continue to represent a significant portion of our sales for the foreseeable future. Our e-commerce
storefronts enable us to attract a significantly diversified level of sales from all over the world, ensuring we are not overly reliant
on any single market or sector for our sales revenue. Furthermore, many products we sell require subscription-based services which allow
us to increase our recurring revenue airtime sales. 

With
consumer behavior drastically changing because of COVID-19, e-commerce traffic witnessed double-digit gains in 2021 and 2020, respectively,
as stores closed, and shoppers used digital options. This significant change in consumer shopping habits resulted in a substantial increase
of U.S., EU and U.K. consumers electing to shop online. Starting in 2021, senior management of the Company invested in a comprehensive
systems upgrade project with the goal of building a state-of-the-art e-commerce platform. This implementation is substantially complete,
and the Company is collaborating with businesses to optimize their ability to sell their goods online, domestically, and internationally,
enabling customers and partners to optimize their e-commerce presence and revenue. 

Expanding
beyond our current global network of online storefronts serving thousands of consumers, enterprises, and governments, we are developing
a next generation platform for digital assets built for Web3.NextPlat Digital which has been designed and developed in collaboration
with consultants and contracted developers, will enable a range of digital assets, such as non-fungible tokens NFTs ),
in e-commerce and in community-building activities. As currently contemplated, NextPlat Digital will facilitate the creation/minting,
purchase and sale of a broad range of NFT products, including, but not limited to, art, music, collectables, digital real estate, video
games and game items. NextPlat Digital will be used to create both (a) public marketplaces, for us and third parties, where anyone with
a crypto wallet can buy and sell their own NFTs, and (b) private marketplaces that only allow a particular company or entity to sell
their own NFTs (such as for the promotion of a particular brand or product). 

Industry
and Market 

We
compete in the mobile satellite products and services sector of the global communications industry. The products and airtime that we
sell are intended to meet users needs for connectivity in all locations where existing terrestrial wireline and wireless communications
networks do not exist, do not provide sufficient coverage, or are impaired. Government organizations, including military and intelligence
agencies and disaster response agencies, non-governmental organizations and industrial operations and support teams depend on mobile
voice and data satellite communications products and services on a regular basis. Businesses with global operations require reliable
communications services when operating in remote locations around the world. Mobile satellite services users span many sectors, including
emergency services, maritime, aviation, government, utilities, oil and gas, mining, recreation, forestry, heavy equipment, construction,
and transportation, among others. We believe many of our customers view satellite communications products and services as critical to
their daily operations. 

There
is we believe a fast growing, multi-billion-dollar global market for a small and cost-effective solution for receiving and processing
mobile voice and data communications from remote locations used in applications such as tracking vehicles or asset shipments, monitoring
unattended remote assets or mobile security. Over the past two decades, the global mobile satellite services market has experienced significant
growth. Increasingly, better-tailored, improved-technology products and services are creating new channels of demand for mobile satellite
services. Growth in demand for mobile satellite voice services is driven by the declining cost of these services, the diminishing size
and lower costs of the devices, as well as heightened demand by governments, businesses and individuals for ubiquitous global voice and
data coverage. We believe our solutions are ideally suited for industries such as maritime, aviation, government/military, emergency/humanitarian
services, mining, forestry, oil and gas, heavy equipment, transportation and utilities, as well as recreational users. We do not tailor
our products and services to different types of customers as in our experience military, non-profit, government and recreational users
tend to purchase the same types of products and services. 

6 

Competition 

The
global satellite communications industry is highly competitive. In certain regions, such as North America, we currently face substantial
competition from other service providers that offer a range of mobile and fixed communications options. In other regions, such as the
UK and EU, we have a strong presence and are one of the leading providers of satellite communicators, emergency locator beacons and satellite
tracking devices. We compete primarily on the basis of coverage, quality, portability, pricing and in the case of our e-commerce storefronts,
availability of services and products. 

The
competitors for our satellite telecommunications services and products are other resellers of leading satellite networks such as Iridium,
Inmarsat, Thuraya and Globalstar, some of which are also our suppliers. We expect the competition for our satellite telecommunications
services and our satellite tracking and monitoring services to increase significantly as market demand accelerates. 

We
believe that we are well positioned to compete for the satellite telecommunications services business largely on a cost basis and our
global e-commerce presence, which makes products more accessible to buy as compared to more traditional methods of purchasing e.g., bricks
and mortar storefronts. 

Our
competitive strengths 

We
believe that the following strengths contribute to our success: 

Our
 global presence enables us to compete in various markets around the world, with our multi-lingual personnel allowing us to respond
 to global customer inquiries with 24/7/365 customer support. 

Our
 significant expertise in global e-commerce sales allows us to maintain a competitive advantage over traditional methods of purchase
 through brick and mortar stores. 

Our
 significant levels of inventory stored in fulfillment centers around the world enable us to quickly secure customer orders against
 competitors who may not hold available inventory. 

Economies
 of scale of a leading provider of MSS product allows us to offer competitive prices for our
 products. 

Long-term
 contracts and experience with Globalstar allow us to compete competitively on satellite tracking
 opportunities. 

A
 diverse customer base with no single customer representing more than 3.0 of our annual gross sales revenue, and no single country
 representing more than 33 of our gross annual sales revenue as of December 31, 2022. This diversification reasonably permits the
 Company not to rely on any single customer, or group of customers, on any single product line, or any specific geographic area. Our
 Amazon sales represent the majority of our sales effort in the last 24 months. 

Our
business strategy 

We
intend to achieve our mission and further grow our business by pursuing the following strategies: 

Increased
 product offerings - we are constantly increasing our product lines and offerings and will continue to do so in the future. 

Marketplace
 expansion We intend to open new global e-commerce storefronts around the world to develop sales in new markets. 

7 

Government
 sourced revenue - We intend to target US government/GSA sales which have not historically represented a significant part of our
 sales revenue. We will also recruit experienced government sales professionals to assist with this plan. We plan to become an approved
 seller on the US Government s GSA Schedule, which gives federal, and in some cases state and local buyers, access to a great
 number of commercial products and services at negotiated ceiling prices. Schedule purchases represent approximately 21 of overall
 federal procurement spending. 

Product
 innovation - We will continue to launch our own innovative branded products, such as our SolarTrack solar powered satellite tracking
 device, to differentiate us and gain a competitive edge over other MSS suppliers. 

Future
 acquisitions - We will seek suitable acquisition opportunities to further increase our scale, expand sales and access new markets
 and sectors. 

E-Commerce
 Platforms - Expanding beyond our current global network of online storefronts serving thousands of consumers, enterprises, and
 governments, we intend to develop a next generation platform for digital assets built for Web3. Our new platform, which is currently
 in the design and development phase in collaboration with consultants and contracted developers, will enable the use of a range of
 digital assets, including NFTs, in e-commerce and in community-building activities. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
success and ability to compete depends in part on our ability to maintain our trade secrets. All of our employees and consultants are
subject to non-disclosure agreements and other contractual provisions to establish and maintain our proprietary rights. 

Regulatory
Matters 

Government
contract laws and regulations affect how we will do business with our customers, and in some instances, will impose added costs on our
business. A violation of specific laws and regulations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, and the termination of
any contracts, or the inability to bid on future contracts. We intend our Orbital Satcom subsidiary to become qualified as a government
contractor. Our products may also be subject to regulation by the National Telecommunications and Information Administration and the
Federal Communications Commission that regulate wireless communications. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 18 full-time employees
and 1 part-time employee. 

Sources
and Availability of Components 

Certain
materials and equipment for our products are custom-made for those products and are dependent upon either a single or limited number
of suppliers. A supplier failure could cause delays in product delivery if another supplier cannot be found promptly, or if the quality
of such replacement supplier s components is inferior or unacceptable. As a result of COVID-19 and related supply chain constraints,
we have experienced shortages in inventory due to manufacturing and logistical issues. 

Our
Risks and History of Losses 

Our
ability to achieve our mission and execute our strategies is subject to certain challenges, risks and uncertainties, including, among
others: 

Our
 ability to obtain sufficient funding to expand our business and respond to business opportunities 

Our
 ability to acquire new customers or retain existing customers in a cost-effective manner 

Our
 ability to successfully improve our production efficiencies and economies of scale 

Our
 ability to manage our supply chain to continue to satisfy our future operation needs 

Our
 ability to retain our market share in our industry 

We
have incurred significant net losses since our inception. For the years
ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we have incurred net losses of 9.2 million, 8.1 million, and 2.8 million, respectively. As
of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 31.1 million. We expect to incur additional losses prior to recording
sufficient revenue from our operations as a result of the costs associated with expanding and seeking additional sources of revenue to
our current revenue base. 

8 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making a decision to invest in our securities. The risk
factors in this section describe the material risks to our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows,
and should be considered carefully. In addition, these factors constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements (as
defined in such act) made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Investors should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements.
Any statements that are not historical facts and that express, or involve discussions as to, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives,
assumptions or future events or performance (often, but not always, through the use of words or phrases such as will likely result, 
 are expected to, will continue, is anticipated, estimated, intends, 
 plans, believes and projects may be forward-looking and may involve estimates and uncertainties
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. 

Further,
any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any
forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence
of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict
all of such factors. Further, we cannot assess the impact of each such factor on our results of operations or the extent to which any
factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
 have a history of net losses, and we are uncertain about our future profitability. 

Supply
 chain and shipping disruptions have resulted in shipping delays, a significant increase in shipping costs, and could increase product
 costs and result in lost sales, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our
 dependence on key suppliers puts us at risk of interruptions in the availability of our products, which could reduce our revenue
 and adversely affect the results of operations. 

Our
 business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected by any negative impact on the global
 economy and capital markets resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical tensions. 

We
 may need to raise additional capital to grow our business and satisfy our anticipated future liquidity needs, and we may not be able
 to raise it on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

Sustained
 investment in our business, strategic acquisitions and investments, as well as our focus on long-term performance, and on maintaining
 the health of our new e-commerce ecosystem, may negatively affect our margins and our net income, if any. 

The
 concentration of ownership by our principal stockholders may result in control by such stockholders of the composition of our board
 of directors. 

9 

We
 will become subject to a broad range of laws and regulations, and future laws and regulations may impose additional requirements
 and other obligations that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as
 well as the trading prices of our securities. 

If
 we are successful in implementing our business strategy we will generate and process a large amount of data, including personal data,
 and the improper use or disclosure of data could result in regulatory investigations and penalties, and harm our reputation and have
 a material adverse effect on the trading prices of our securities, our business and our prospects. 

Our
 sales may be impacted should there be a disruption of service to our Amazon or Alibaba online storefronts. 

Creating
 and maintaining a trusted status of our online marketing presence or ecosystem will be critical to our viability and growth. 

Any
 termination or material change in our relationship with Amazon or Alibaba could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We
 may not be able to maintain and improve our online marketing. 

We
 face challenges in expanding our international and cross-border businesses and operations. 

We
 are heavily reliant on the services of certain executive officers and the departure or loss of any of these officers could disrupt
 our business. 

A
 significant portion of our revenues are from sales of products on Amazon and any limitation or restriction, temporarily or otherwise,
 to sell on Amazon s platform could have a material adverse impact to our business, results of operations, financial condition
 and prospects. 

If
 logistics service providers used by our merchants fail to provide reliable logistics services, our business and prospects, as well
 as our financial condition and results of operations, may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
 e-commerce platforms could be disrupted by network interruptions. 

Security
 breaches and attacks against our systems and network, and any potentially resulting breach or failure to otherwise protect personal,
 confidential and proprietary information, could damage our reputation and negatively impact our business, as well as materially and
 adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Non-compliance
 with, or changes in, the legal and regulatory environment in the countries in which we operate could increase our costs or reduce
 our net operating revenues. 

Tightening
 of tax compliance efforts that affect our merchants could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
 of operations. 

Risks
Related to Digital Assets 

We
 may lose our private keys to our digital wallets, causing a loss of all of our digital assets. 

The
 storage and custody of our digital assets that we may potentially acquire or hold in the future are subject to cybersecurity breaches
 and adverse software events. 

10 

Our
 digital assets may be subject to loss, theft, hacking, fraud risks and restriction on access. 

Incorrect
 or fraudulent digital asset transactions may be irreversible. 

Acceptance
 and widespread use of digital assets is uncertain. 

Individuals
 or entities with substantial holdings may engage in large-scale sales or distributions, either on non- market terms or in the ordinary
 course, which could disproportionately and negatively affect the market, result in a reduction in the price of the digital asset
 and materially and adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

The
 development and acceptance of cryptographic and algorithmic protocols governing the issuance of and transactions in digital assets
 is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate. 

Banks
 and financial institutions may not provide banking services, or may cut off services, to businesses that distribute digital assets,
 provide digital asset-related services or that accept digital assets as payment. 

Whether
 a particular non-fungible token (NFT) or other digital or crypto asset is a security is subject to a
 high degree of uncertainty, and if we are unable to properly characterize an NFT or other digital asset, we may be subject to regulatory
 scrutiny, inquiries, investigations, fines, and other penalties, which may adversely affect our business, operating results, and
 financial condition. 

We
 are subject to payments-related regulations and risks. 

The
 uncertain application of a myriad of state and federal laws to our NextPlat Digital business may expose us to regulatory enforcement
 and civil or criminal sanction should a legal authority determine that our approach to compliance is inadequate or inappropriate. 

Our
 transaction of digital asset business involving the use of crypto wallets and cryptocurrencies may expose us to allegations of violation
 of applicable KYC, AML and CFT and other compliance requirements. 

Ownership
 of digital assets is pseudonymous, and the supply is often unknown. Individuals or entities with substantial holdings may engage
 in large-scale sales or distributions, either on non- market terms or in the ordinary course, which could disproportionately and
 negatively affect the market, result in a reduction in the price of the digital asset and materially and adversely affect the price
 of our common stock. 

Because
 there has been limited precedent set for financial accounting for digital assets, the determinations that we have made for how to
 account for digital assets transactions may be subject to change. 

Risks
Related to Doing Business in China 

Changes
 in China s economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial conditions and results of operations. 

Uncertainties
 with respect to China s PRC legal system could adversely affect us. 

Recent
 litigation and negative publicity surrounding China-based companies listed in the United States may negatively impact the trading
 price of our securities. 

Fluctuations
 in exchange rates could have a material and adverse effect on the results of operations and the value of your investment. 

Governmental
 control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment. 

11 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
have a history of net losses, and we are uncertain about our future profitability. 

We
have incurred significant net losses since our inception. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we have incurred net
losses of approximately 9.2 million, 8.1 million, and 2.8 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit
of approximately 31.1 million. If our revenue grows more slowly than currently anticipated, or if operating expenses are higher than
expected, we may be unable to consistently achieve profitability, our financial condition will suffer, and the value of our common stock
could decline. Even if we are successful in increasing our sales, we may incur losses in the foreseeable future as we continue to develop
and market our products. If sales revenue from any of our current products or any additional products that we develop in the future is
insufficient, or if our product development is delayed, we may be unable to achieve profitability and, in the event we are unable to
secure financing for prolonged periods of time, we may need to temporarily cease operations and, possibly, shut them down altogether.
Furthermore, even if we can achieve profitability, we may be unable to sustain or increase such profitability on a quarterly or annual
basis, which would adversely impact our financial condition and significantly reduce the value of our common stock. 

The
continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact are highly unpredictable and could be significant, and could harm our business,
financial condition, and operating results. 

Our
business, operations and financial performance have been, and may continue to be, affected by the macroeconomic impacts resulting from
COVID-19, and as a result, our revenue growth rate and expenses as a percentage of our revenues in future periods may differ significantly
from our historical rates, and our future operating results may fall below expectations. The extent to which our business will continue
to be affected will depend on a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including the persistence of the pandemic,
impacts on economic activity, and the possibility of recession or continued financial market instability. 

Events
outside of our control, including those relating to public health crises, supply-chain disruptions, geopolitical conflicts, including
acts of war, and inflation, could negatively affect our Company and our results of operations and financial condition. 

Periods
of market volatility have occurred and could continue to occur in response to pandemics or other events outside of our control. These
types of events may adversely affect operating results for us. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has led to, and for an unknown period
of time will continue to lead to, disruptions in local, regional, national and global markets and economies affected thereby, including
the United States. With respect to U.S. and global credit markets and the economy in general, this outbreak has resulted in, and until
fully resolved is likely to continue to result in, the following (among other things): (i) restrictions on travel and the temporary closure
of many corporate offices, retail stores, and manufacturing facilities and factories, resulting in significant disruption to the business
of many companies, including supply chains and demand, as well as layoffs of employees; (ii) increased draws by borrowers on lines of
credit; (iii) increased requests by borrowers for amendments or waivers of their credit agreements to avoid default, increased defaults
by borrowers and/or increased difficulty in obtaining refinancing; (iv) volatility in credit markets, including greater volatility in
pricing and spreads; and (v) evolving proposals and actions by state and federal governments to address the problems being experienced
by markets, businesses and the economy in general, which may not adequately address the problems being facing such persons. While many
countries, including the United States, have relaxed or eliminated the early public health restrictions adopted in response to the COVID-19
pandemic, the outbreak of new, worsening strains of COVID-19 may result in a resurgence in the number of reported cases and hospitalizations.
Such increases in cases could lead to the reintroduction of restrictions and business shutdowns in certain states, counties and cities
in the United States and globally. In addition to these developments having adverse consequences for us and our portfolio companies,
the operations of the Company have been, and could continue to be, adversely impacted, including through quarantine measures and travel
restrictions imposed on its personnel or service providers based or temporarily located in affected countries, or any related health
issues of such personnel or service providers. 

12 

As
the future impact of COVID-19 and its variants is difficult to predict, the extent to which they could negatively affect our operating
results or the duration of any potential business or supply-chain disruption is uncertain. Any potential impact to our results of operations
will depend to a large extent on future developments and new information that could emerge regarding the duration and severity of the
COVID-19 pandemic and the actions taken by authorities and other entities to contain the spread of COVID-19 and its variants or treat
its impact, all of which are beyond our control. These potential impacts, while uncertain, could adversely affect our operating results
and financial condition. 

This
pandemic has also caused, and may continue to cause, disruption to our global supply chain and business operations. In particular, shortages
in commodities and materials, including shortages and reductions in allocations of electronic and other components from key suppliers,
labor shortages and elevated levels of employee absenteeism, freight delays and other supply chain constraints and disruptions have significantly
delayed or disrupted, and may continue to adversely impact, both our suppliers and third party vendors and our ability to deliver products
and/or services to our end-users and customers. We have also experienced a significant increase in parts and material component inflation
from pre-pandemic levels, as well as inflation in other costs, such as labor, packaging, freight, and energy prices. Continued supply
chain disruptions and delays, as well as continued heightened inflation, could lead to continued periodic delivery interruptions and
other inefficiencies that could negatively impact our productivity, margin performance and results of operations, which could result
in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We
are currently operating in a period of capital markets disruption and economic uncertainty. 

The
U.S. capital markets are currently experiencing extreme volatility and disruption following the global outbreak of COVID-19 and other
global events described above. Disruptions in the capital markets in the past have resulted in illiquidity in parts of the capital markets.
Future market disruptions and/or illiquidity would be expected to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. Unfavorable economic conditions also would be expected to increase our funding costs, limit our access
to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders, including existing lenders, not to extend credit to us. These events have
limited and could continue to limit our investment considerations, limit our ability to grow and have a material negative impact on our
operating results. 

Supply
chain and shipping disruptions have resulted in shipping delays, a significant increase in shipping costs, and could increase product
costs and result in lost sales, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Supply
chain disruptions, resulting from factors such as the COVID-19 pandemic, labor supply and shipping container shortages, have impacted,
and may continue to impact, us and our third-party manufacturers and suppliers. These disruptions have impacted our ability to receive
products from manufacturers and suppliers, to distribute our products to our customers in a cost-effective and timely manner and to meet
customer demand, all of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

While
we have taken steps to minimize the impact of these disruptions, there can be no assurances that further unforeseen events impacting
the supply chain will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. Additionally, the impact that supply chain disruptions
have on our manufacturers and suppliers is not within our control. It is not currently possible to predict how long it will take for
these supply chain disruptions to cease or ease. Prolonged supply chain disruptions impacting us, and our manufacturers and suppliers
could interrupt product manufacturing, increase raw material and product lead times, increase raw material and product costs, impact
our ability to meet customer demand and result in lost sales, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

13 

Our
dependence on key suppliers puts us at risk of interruptions in the availability of our products, which could reduce our revenue and
adversely affect the results of operations. In addition, increases in prices for components used in our products could adversely affect
our results of operations. 

We
require the timely delivery of products provided by our suppliers, some of which are custom made, to ensure our ongoing sales revenue
is not adversely affected. For reasons of quality assurance, cost effectiveness or availability, we procure certain products from a single
or limited number of suppliers. We generally acquire such products through purchase orders placed in the ordinary course of business,
and as a result we may not have a significant inventory of these products and generally do not have any guaranteed or contractual supply
arrangements with many of these suppliers. Our reliance on these suppliers subjects us to risks that could harm our business, including,
but not limited to, difficulty locating and qualifying alternative suppliers and limited control over pricing, availability, quality
and delivery schedules. Suppliers of products may decide, or be required, for reasons beyond our control, to cease supplying materials
and components to us or to raise their prices. Shortages of materials, quality control problems, production capacity constraints or delays
by our suppliers could negatively affect our ability to meet our production requirements and result in increased prices for affected
products. We may also face delays, yield issues and quality control problems if we are required to locate and secure new sources of supply.
Any material shortage, constraint or delay may result in delays in shipments of our products, which could materially adversely affect
the results of operations. Increases in prices for materials and components used in our products could also materially adversely affect
our results of operations. 

We
are currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by
geopolitical instability due to the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Our business, financial condition and results
of operations may be materially and adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from
the conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical tensions. 

U.S.
and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the start of the
military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. On February 24, 2022, a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine by Russian troops was reported.
Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine could lead to market
disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions.
We are continuing to monitor the situation in Ukraine and globally and assessing its potential impact on our business. In addition, Russian
military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability
and lack of liquidity in capital markets, potentially making it more difficult for us to obtain additional funds. 

Any
of the above-mentioned factors could affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. The extent and duration
of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. Any such disruptions
may also magnify the impact of other risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The
United Kingdom s departure from the EU could adversely affect us. 

We
sell our products and services in the United Kingdom (the UK and throughout Europe. In particular, the UK is one of our
largest markets in Europe for product and airtime sales. On June 23, 2016, the UK voted in an advisory referendum for the UK to leave
the European Union (the EU and, subsequently, on March 29, 2017, the UK government began the formal process of leaving
the EU Brexit ). The UK withdrew from the EU on January 31, 2020. Effective January 1, 2021, the EU and UK entered into
the Trade and Cooperation Agreement regarding trade policies and other political and strategic issues. The future consequences of Brexit
are unknown at this time, but Brexit has created additional administrative burdens and legal, regulatory, and currency risk that may
have a materially adverse impact on our business. Furthermore, this uncertainty could negatively impact the economies of other countries
in which we operate. 

Currency
exchange rate fluctuations may affect the results of operations. 

To
the extent that we are successful in broadening the reach of our online e-commerce marketing into other countries we will have transactions
denominated in an increasing number and variety of currencies. We will be subject to currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our
costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may therefore
have an impact on our results as expressed in U.S. dollars. There can be no assurance that currency exchange rate fluctuations will not
adversely affect the results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. While the use of currency hedging instruments may provide
us with protection from adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits
that might result from favorable fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 

14 

We
may need to raise additional capital to grow our business and satisfy our anticipated future liquidity needs, and we may not be able
to raise it on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

Growing
and operating our business will require significant cash outlays, liquidity reserves and capital expenditures and commitments to respond
to business challenges, including developing or enhancing new or existing products. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash on hand of approximately 18.9 million. If cash on hand, cash generated from operations, and the net proceeds from prior offerings are not sufficient to meet our cash and liquidity
needs, we may need to seek additional capital, potentially through debt or equity financing. To the extent that we raise additional capital
through the sale of additional equity or convertible securities, your ownership interest may be diluted, and the terms of these securities
may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Debt financing, if available, would
result in increased fixed payment obligations and a portion of our operating cash flows, if any, being dedicated to the payment of principal
and interest on such indebtedness. In addition, debt financing may involve agreements that include restrictive covenants that impose
operating restrictions, such as restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, the making of certain capital expenditures or the
declaration of dividends. Any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely
affect our ability to develop and commercialize our products. Even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating
plans, we may seek additional capital if market conditions are favorable or considering specific strategic considerations. If we are
unable to obtain funding on a timely basis, we may be required to significantly curtail, delay or discontinue one or more of our research
or product candidate development programs or the commercialization of any product candidate or be unable to expand our operations or
otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities, as desired, which could materially affect our business, operating results and prospects
and cause the price of the common stock to decline. 

Sustained
investment in our business, strategic acquisitions and investments, as well as our focus on long-term performance, and on maintaining
the health of our new e-commerce ecosystem, may negatively affect our margins and our net income, if any. 

We
will continue to increase our spending and investments in our business, including in organic development and growth of new businesses,
strategic acquisitions and other initiatives. Investments in our business include: 

expanding
 and enhancing our core e-commerce offerings, including our marketplaces and new formats and features, our logistics network and capacities,
 our merchandising and supply chain capabilities, consumer services business, and international businesses; 

supporting
 our merchants, acquiring and retaining users and enhancing consumer experience and user engagement; 

strengthening
 and expanding various facilities and increasing our employee headcount; 

researching
 and developing new technologies, including digital assets, and improving our technological infrastructure; and cloud computing capacity; 

incubating
 new business initiatives. 

Although
we believe these investments are crucial to our viability and future growth, they will have the effect of increasing our costs and lowering
our margins and profit, and this effect may be significant in the short term and potentially over longer periods. 

We
intend to make strategic investments, acquisitions and joint ventures to further strengthen our business. We may make strategic investments,
acquisitions and joint ventures in a range of areas either directly related to one or more of our businesses, or related to the infrastructure,
technology, services or products that support our businesses and marketing platforms. Our strategic investments, acquisitions and joint
ventures may adversely affect our financial results, at least in the short term. As a result of business or financial underperformance,
regulatory scrutiny or compliance reasons, we may need to divest interests in, or terminate business cooperation with, businesses and
entities in which we have invested capital and other resources, which may adversely affect our financial results, ability to conduct
investments in similar businesses, reputation and growth prospects, as well as the trading prices of our securities. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to grow our acquired or invested businesses, or realize returns, benefits of synergies and growth opportunities
we expect in connection with these investments and acquisitions. 

15 

Failure
to maintain or improve our technological infrastructure could harm our business and prospects. 

We
are in the process of upgrading our platforms to provide increased scale, improved performance, additional capacity and additional built-in
functionality, including functionality related to security. Adopting new products and maintaining and upgrading our technology infrastructure
require significant investments of time and resources. Any failure to maintain and improve our technology infrastructure could result
in unanticipated system disruptions, slower response times, impaired user experience and delays in reporting accurate operating and financial
information. If we experience problems with the functionality and effectiveness of our software, interfaces or platforms, or are unable
to maintain and continuously improve our technology infrastructure to handle our business needs, our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects, as well as our reputation and brand, could be materially and adversely affected. 

In
addition, our technology infrastructure and services incorporate third-party developed software, systems and technologies, as well as
hardware purchased or commissioned from third-party and overseas suppliers. As our technology infrastructure and services expand and
become increasingly complex, we face increasingly serious risks to the performance and security of our technology infrastructure and
services that may be caused by these third-party developed components, including risks relating to incompatibilities with these components,
service failures or delays or difficulties in integrating back-end procedures on hardware and software. We also need to continuously
enhance our existing technology. Otherwise, we face the risk of our technology infrastructure becoming unstable and susceptible to security
breaches. This instability or susceptibility could create serious challenges to the security and uninterrupted operation of our platforms
and services, which would materially and adversely affect our business and reputation. 

Product
development is a long, expensive and uncertain process. 

The
development of our own branded range of satellite tracking devices is a costly, complex and time-consuming process, and the investment
in product development often involves a long wait until a return, if any, is achieved on such investment. Investments in new technology
and processes are inherently speculative. We have experienced numerous setbacks and delays in our research and development efforts and
may encounter further obstacles in the course of the development of additional technologies and products. We may not be able to overcome
these obstacles or may have to expend significant additional funds and time. Technical obstacles and challenges we encounter in our research
and development process may result in delays in or abandonment of product commercialization, may substantially increase the costs of
development, and may negatively affect our results of operations. 

Concentration
of ownership by our principal stockholders may result in control by such stockholders of the composition of our board of directors. 

As
of March 30, 2023, our existing principal stockholders, executive officers, directors and
their affiliates beneficially own approximately 57.7 of our outstanding shares of common stock, and our Executive Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, Charles M. Fernandez will receive upon vesting, 400,000 shares of our common stock, which vests in two equal installments
over the next two years starting on June 2, 2023. In addition, such parties may acquire additional control by purchasing stock that we
may issue in connection with our future fundraising efforts. As a result, these stockholders may now and in the future be able to exercise
a significant level of control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors. This control could
have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company or changes in management and will make the approval of certain
transactions difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. 

16 

Successful
technical development of our products does not guarantee successful commercialization. 

We
may successfully complete the technical development for one or all our product development programs, but still fail to develop a commercially
successful product for several reasons, including among others the following: 

failure
 to obtain the required regulatory approvals for their use; 

prohibitive
 production costs; 

competing
 products; 

lack
 of innovation of the product; 

ineffective
 distribution and marketing; 

failure
 to gain market acceptance; 

lack
 of sufficient cooperation from our partners; and 

demonstrations
 of the products not aligning with or meeting customer needs. 

Our
success in the market for the products we develop will depend largely on our ability to prove our products capabilities. Upon
demonstration, our satellite ground stations, and tracking devices may not have the capabilities they were designed to have or that we
believed they would have. Furthermore, even if we do successfully demonstrate our products capabilities, potential customers may
be more comfortable doing business with a larger, more established, more proven company than us. Moreover, competing products may prevent
us from gaining wide market acceptance of our products. Significant revenue from new product investments may not be achieved for a number
of years, if at all. 

Public
company compliance may make it more difficult to attract and retain officers and directors. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules subsequently implemented by the SEC have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies.
As a public company, we expect these rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs in 2023 and beyond and to make certain activities
more time consuming and costly. As a public company, we also expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive
for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage
or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and
retain qualified people to serve on our Board of Directors or as executive officers. 

Other
companies may claim that we infringe their intellectual property, which could materially increase our costs and harm our ability to generate
future revenue and profit. 

We
do not believe that we infringe the proprietary rights of any third party but claims of infringement are becoming increasingly common
and third parties may assert infringement claims against us. It may be difficult or impossible to identify, prior to receipt of notice
from a third party, the trade secrets, patent position or other intellectual property rights of a third party, either in the United States
or in foreign jurisdictions. Any such assertion may result in litigation or may require us to obtain a license for the intellectual property
rights of third parties. If we are required to obtain licenses to use any third-party technology, we would have to pay royalties, which
may significantly reduce any profit on our products or may be prohibitively expensive and prevent us from continuing to use that technology.
In addition, any such litigation, even if without merit, could be expensive and disruptive to our ability to generate revenue or enter
new market opportunities. If any of our products were found to infringe other parties proprietary rights and we are unable to
come to terms regarding a license with such parties, we may be forced to modify our products to make them non-infringing, to pay substantial
damages to our end users to discontinue their use of or replace infringing technology sold to them with non-infringing technology, or
to cease production of such products altogether. 

We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights . 

We
rely on a combination of trademark, fair trade practice, patent, copyright and trade secret protection laws, as well as confidentiality
procedures and contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property rights. We may not be able to effectively protect our intellectual
property rights or to enforce our contractual rights. In addition, policing any unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult,
time-consuming and costly and the steps we have taken may be inadequate to prevent the misappropriation of our intellectual property.
If we resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, this litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion
of our managerial and financial resources. 

There
can be no assurance that we will prevail in any litigation. In addition, our trade secrets may be leaked or otherwise become available
to, or be independently discovered by, our competitors. Any failure in protecting or enforcing our intellectual property rights could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

17 

Confidentiality
agreements with employees and third parties may not prevent unauthorized disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information,
and our inability to maintain the confidentiality of that information, due to unauthorized disclosure or use, or other event, could have
a material adverse effect on our business. 

In
addition to the protection afforded by patents, we seek to rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect
proprietary know-how that is not patentable or that we elect not to patent, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce, and
any other elements of our product discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information, or technology that
is not covered by patents. Trade secrets, however, may be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary processes, in part,
by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, advisors, contractors and collaborators. Although we use
reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our employees, consultants, advisors, contractors, and collaborators might intentionally
or inadvertently disclose our trade secret information to competitors. In addition, competitors may otherwise gain access to our trade
secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. Furthermore, the laws of some foreign countries
do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the United States. As a result, we may encounter
significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property both in the United States and abroad. If we are unable to
prevent unauthorized material disclosure of our intellectual property to third parties, or misappropriation of our intellectual property
by third parties, we will not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market, which could materially adversely
affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Being
a public company is expensive and administratively burdensome. 

As
a public reporting company, we are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and other federal securities
laws, rules and regulations related thereto, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Complying with these laws and regulations
requires the time and attention of our Board of Directors and management and increases our expenses. We estimate the Company will incur
approximately 200,000 to 300,000 annually in connection with being a public company. 

Among
other things, we are required to: 

maintain
 and evaluate a system of internal controls over financial reporting in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; 

prepare
 and distribute periodic reports in compliance with our obligations under federal securities laws; 

institute
 a more comprehensive compliance function, including with respect to corporate governance; and 

involve,
 to a greater degree, our outside legal counsel and accountants in the above activities. 

The
costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited
reports to stockholders are expensive and much greater than that of a privately-held company, and compliance with these rules and regulations
may require us to hire additional financial reporting, internal controls and other finance personnel, and will involve a material increase
in regulatory, legal and accounting expenses and the attention of management. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply
with the applicable regulations in a timely manner, if at all. In addition, being a public company makes it more expensive for us to
obtain director and officer liability insurance. In the future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially
higher costs to obtain this coverage. 

18 

We
will become subject to a broad range of laws and regulations, and future laws and regulations may impose additional requirements and
other obligations that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as
the trading prices of our securities. 

The
industries in which we plan to operate, including online and mobile commerce, digital media, digital assets, and entertainment and other
online content offerings, as well as certain important business processes, including those that may be deemed as relating to payment
and settlement of funds, are highly regulated. Government authorities across the globe are likely to continue to issue new laws, rules
and regulations and enhance enforcement of existing laws, rules and regulations in these industries. They have imposed, and may continue
to impose, requirements or restrictions relating to, among other things, the provision of certain regulated products or services through
platforms, new and additional licenses, permits and approvals, renewals and amendments of licenses, or governance or ownership structures,
on us or certain of our businesses and our users. Failure to obtain and maintain such required licenses or approvals may materially and
adversely affect our business. 

If
we are successful in implementing our business strategy we will generate and process a large amount of data, including personal data,
and the improper use or disclosure of data could result in regulatory investigations and penalties, and harm our reputation and have
a material adverse effect on the trading prices of our securities, our business and our prospects. 

If
we are successful in implementing our business strategy, we will generate and process a large amount of data. Our privacy policies concerning
the collection, use and disclosure of personal data are posted on our platforms. We face risks inherent in handling and protecting large
volumes of data, especially consumer data. We face several challenges relating to data from transactions and other activities on our
platforms, including: 

protecting
 the data in and hosted on our system, including against attacks on our system or unauthorized use by outside parties or fraudulent
 behavior or improper use by our employees; 

addressing
 concerns, challenges, negative publicity and litigation related to data privacy, collection, use and actual or perceived sharing
 for promotional and other purposes (including sharing among our own businesses, with business partners or regulators, and concerns
 among the public about the alleged discriminatory treatment adopted by Internet platforms based on user profile), safety, security
 and other factors that may arise from our existing businesses or new businesses and technologies, such as new forms of data (for
 example, biometric data, location information and other demographic information); and 

complying
 with applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to the collection (from users and other third-party systems or sources), use,
 storage, transfer, disclosure and security of personal data, including requests from data subjects and regulatory and government
 authorities. 

Our
business is subject to complex and evolving domestic and international laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection. These
laws and regulations can be complex and stringent, and many are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, which could result in
claims, changes to our data and other business practices, regulatory investigations, penalties, increased cost of operations, or declines
in user growth or engagement, or otherwise affect our business. 

Regulatory
authorities around the world have implemented and are considering further legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection.
New laws and regulations that govern new areas of data protection or impose more stringent requirements may be introduced in jurisdictions
where we may conduct business or may expand into. It is possible that existing or newly- introduced laws and regulations, or their interpretation,
application or enforcement, could significantly affect the value of our data, force us to change our data and other business practices
and cause us to incur significant compliance costs. 

As
we further expand our operations into international markets, we will be subject to additional laws in other jurisdictions where we operate
and where our consumers, users, merchants, customers and other participants are located. The laws, rules and regulations of other jurisdictions
may be more comprehensive, detailed and nuanced in their scope, and may impose requirements and penalties that conflict with, or are
more stringent than, those to which we are currently subject. In addition, these laws, rules and regulations may restrict the transfer
of data across jurisdictions, which could impose additional and substantial operational, administrative and compliance burdens on us,
and may also restrict our business activities and expansion plans, as well as impede our data-driven business strategies. Complying with
laws and regulations for an increasing number of jurisdictions could require significant resources and costs. 

19 

The
nature of our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by insurance or indemnity. 

We
develop and sell products where insurance or indemnification may not be available, including: 

Designing
 and developing products using advanced and unproven technologies in intelligence and homeland security applications that are intended
 to operate in high demand, high risk situations; and 

Designing
 and developing products to collect, distribute and analyze various types of information. 

Failure
of certain of our products could result in loss of life or property damage. Certain products may raise questions with respect to issues
of privacy rights, civil liberties, intellectual property, trespass, conversion and similar concepts, which may raise new legal issues.
Indemnification to cover potential claims or liabilities resulting from a failure of technologies developed or deployed may be available
in certain circumstances but not in others. We are not able to maintain insurance to protect against all operational risks and uncertainties.
Substantial claims resulting from an accident, failure of our product, or liability arising from our products in excess of any indemnity
or insurance coverage (or for which indemnity or insurance is not available or was not obtained) could harm our financial condition,
cash flows, and operating results. Any accident, even if fully covered or insured, could negatively affect our reputation among our customers
and the public, and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 54.3 of our revenues are from sales of products on Amazon and any limitation or restriction,
temporarily or otherwise, to sell on Amazon s platform could have a material adverse impact to our business, results of operations,
financial condition, and prospects. 

Approximately
54.3 of our products are sold on Amazon and are subject to Amazon s terms of service and various other Amazon seller policies
that apply to third parties selling products on Amazon s marketplace. Amazon s terms of service provide, among other things,
that it may terminate or suspend its agreement with any seller or any of its services being provided to a seller at any time and for
any reason. In addition, if Amazon determines that any seller s actions or performance, including ours, may result in violations
of its terms or policies, or create other risks to Amazon or to third parties, then Amazon may in its sole discretion withhold any payments
owed for as long as Amazon determines any related risk to Amazon or to third parties persist. Further, if Amazon determines that any
seller s, including our, accounts have been used to engage in deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, or that such accounts
have repeatedly violated its policies, then Amazon may in its sole discretion permanently withhold any payments owed. In addition, Amazon
in its sole discretion may suspend a seller account and product listings if Amazon determines that a seller has engaged in conduct that
violates any of its policies. Any limitation or restriction on our ability to sell on Amazon s platform could have a material impact
on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. We also rely on services provided by Amazon s fulfillment
platform which provides expedited shipping to the consumer, an important aspect in the buying decision for consumers. Any inability to
market our products for sale with delivery could have a material impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and
prospects. Failure to remain compliant with the fulfillment practices on Amazon s platform could have a material impact on our
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Our
sales may be impacted should there be a disruption of service to our Amazon or Alibaba online storefronts. 

The
Company s Amazon online marketplaces represented approximately 54.3 and 63.6 of total sales for the years ended December 31,
2022, and 2021, respectively. In July 2021 we commenced sales through the Alibaba storefront. These marketplaces will represent a significant
portion of our sales in the foreseeable future. Should there be a disruption of Amazon or Alibaba services or our ability to maintain
storefronts with Amazon or Alibaba, our sales will likely decrease, and we would have to seek other distribution methods to sell our
products online, which may be costly. In addition, if and to the extent the cost structure of the Amazon marketplace listing changes,
such an increase could have a material adverse effect on the Company s sales through this platform. 

20 

Creating
and maintaining a trusted status of our online marketing presence or ecosystem will be critical to our viability and growth, and any
failure to do so could severely damage our reputation, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

Any
loss of trust in our online presence could harm our reputation, and could result in consumers, merchants, brands, retailers, intellectual
property holders and other participants reducing their levels of activity, which could materially reduce our revenue and profitability,
if any. Our ability to maintain trust in our online capabilities will be based in large part upon: 

the
 quality, value and functionality of products and services offered; 

the
 reliability and integrity of our company and our e-commerce websites, as well as of the merchants, 

software
 developers, logistics providers, service providers, intellectual property holders and other participants in our ecosystem; 

our
 commitment to high levels of service; 

the
 safety, security and integrity of the data on our systems, and those of other participants on our e-commerce websites; 

the
 strength of our measures to protect consumers and intellectual property rights owners; and 

our
 ability to provide reliable and trusted payment and escrow services through our arrangements with third party service providers. 

Our
current plans contemplate that we will expand our online marketing presence primarily via the Alibaba ecosystem. Any termination or material
change in our relationship with Amazon or Alibaba could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. 

Any
termination or material change in our relationship with Amazon or Alibaba could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. We expect that Alibaba will represent one of our primary online marketing channels. Any
adverse development in our relationship with these online markets could result in an immediate and significant adverse impact in our
online marketing presence, revenues, operating results and financial condition. It could also result in a loss of trust by consumers,
merchants, brands, retailers, intellectual property holders and other participants reducing their levels of activity, which could further
materially reduce our revenues and profitability, if any. 

We
may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue or our business. 

Our
revenue growth also depends on our ability to grow our core businesses, newly developed businesses, as well as businesses that we may
acquire or which we may consolidate. We are exploring and will continue to explore in the future new business initiatives, including
in industries and markets in which we have limited or no experience, as well as new business models, that may be untested, including
digital assets. Developing new businesses, initiatives and models requires significant investments of time and resources, and may present
new and difficult technological, operational and compliance challenges. Particularly in the e-commerce space, we face various challenges
while facilitating the convergence of online and offline retail and digitalization of offline business operations. Many of these challenges
may be specific to business areas with which we do not have sufficient experience. Also, as we grow our direct sales businesses, we face
new and increased risks, such as risks relating to inventory procurement and management, including failure to stock sufficient inventory
to meet demands or additional costs or write-offs resulting from overstocking, supply chain management, accounts receivable and related
potential impairment charges, as well as new and heightened regulatory requirements and increased liabilities to which we are subject
as operators of direct sales businesses, including those relating to consumer protection, customs and permits and licenses, and allegations
of unfair business practices. Failure to adequately address these and other risks and challenges relating to our direct sales business
may harm our relationship with customers and consumers, adversely affect our business and results of operations and subject us to regulatory
scrutiny or liabilities. We may encounter difficulties or setbacks in the execution of various growth strategies, and those strategies
may not generate the returns we expect within the timeframe we anticipate, or at all. In addition, our overall revenue growth may slow,
or our revenues may decline for other reasons, including increasing customer acquisition costs, increasing competition, disruptions to
the global economy from pandemics, natural disasters or other events, as well as changes in the geopolitical landscape, government policies
or general economic conditions. As our revenue grows to a higher base level, our revenue growth rate may slow in the future. 

21 

If
we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

We
face intense competition from established Internet companies, as well as from global and regional e-commerce players. These areas of
our business are subject to rapid market change, the introduction of new business models, and the entry of new and well-funded competitors.
Increased investments made and lower prices offered by our competitors may require us to divert significant managerial, financial and
human resources to remain competitive, and ultimately may reduce our market share and negatively impact the profitability of our business. 

Our
ability to compete depends on several factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including alliances, acquisitions or consolidations
within our industries that may result in stronger competitors, technological advances, shifts in customer preferences and changes in
the regulatory environment in the markets we operate. Existing and new competitors may leverage their established platforms or market
positions, or introduce innovative business models or technologies, to launch highly engaging content, products or services that may
attract a large user base and achieve rapid growth, which may make it more challenging for us to acquire new customers and materially
and adversely affect our business expansion and results of operations. 

If
we are not able to compete effectively, the level of economic activity and user engagement in our ecosystem may decrease and our market
share and profitability may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations, as well as our reputation and brand. 

We
may not be able to maintain and improve our online marketing, which could negatively affect our business and prospects. 

Our
ability to maintain a healthy and vibrant ecosystem among consumers, merchants, brands, retailers, Intellectual Property holders and
other participants is critical to our success. The extent to which we are able to create, maintain and strengthen these market channels
depends on our ability to: 

offer
 secure and open e-commerce websites for all participants and balance the interests of these participants; 

provide
 a wide range of high-quality product offerings to consumers; 

attract
 and retain a wide range of consumers, merchants, brands and retailers; 

provide
 effective technologies, infrastructure and services that meet the evolving needs of consumers, merchants, brands, retailers and other
 ecosystem participants; 

arrange
 secure and trusted payment settlement services; 

address
 user concerns with respect to data security and privacy; 

improve
 our logistics data and coordinate fulfillment and delivery services with logistics service providers; 

attract
 and retain third-party service providers that are able to provide quality services on commercially reasonable terms to our merchants,
 brands, retailers and other ecosystem participants; 

maintain
 the quality of our customer service; and 

continue
 adapting to the changing demands of the market. 

In
addition, changes we make to our current operations to enhance and improve our online presence or to comply with regulatory requirements
may be viewed positively from one participant group s perspective, such as consumers, but may have negative effects from another
group s perspective, such as merchants. If we fail to balance the interests of all participants in our ecosystem, consumers, merchants,
brands, retailers and other participants may spend less time, mind share and resources on our platforms and may conduct fewer transactions
or use alternative platforms, any of which could result in a material decrease in our revenue and net income. 

22 

If
we are not able to continue to innovate or if we fail to adapt to changes in our various industries, our business, financial condition
and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

The
e-commerce business is subject to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, new mobile apps and protocols, new products
and services, new media and entertainment content including user-generated content and changing user demands and trends.
Furthermore, our domestic and international competitors are continuously developing innovations in personalized search and recommendation,
online shopping and marketing, communications, social networking, entertainment, logistics and other services, to enhance user experience.
The changes and developments taking place in our industry may also require us to re-evaluate our business model and adopt significant
changes to our long-term strategies and business plans. Our failure to innovate and adapt to these changes and developments in a timely
manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if we timely innovate
and adopt changes in our strategies and plans, we may nevertheless fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these changes or even
generate lower levels of revenue as a result. 

Our
failure to manage the significant management, operational and financial challenges involved in growing our business and operations could
harm us. 

If
we are successful in implementing our plans, our business will become increasingly complex as the scale, diversity and geographic coverage
of our business and our workforce continue to expand through both organic growth and acquisitions. This expansion will place a significant
strain on our management, operational and financial resources. The challenges involved in expanding our businesses require our employees
to handle new and expanded responsibilities and duties. If our employees fail to adapt to the expansion or if we are unsuccessful in
hiring, training, managing and integrating new employees or retraining and expanding the roles of our existing employees, our business,
financial condition and results of operations may be materially harmed. Moreover, our current and planned staffing, systems, policies,
procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future operations. To effectively manage continuing expansion and growth of
our operations and workforce, we will need to continue to improve our personnel management, transaction processing, operational and financial
systems, policies, procedures and controls, which could be particularly challenging as we acquire new operations with different and incompatible
systems in new industries or geographic areas. These efforts will require significant managerial, financial and human resources. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively manage our growth or to implement all these systems, policies, procedures and
control measures successfully. If we are not able to manage our growth effectively, our business and prospects may be materially and
adversely affected. 

We
face risks relating to our acquisitions, investments and alliances. 

We
expect to evaluate and consider a wide array of potential strategic transactions as part of our overall business strategy, including
business combinations, acquisitions of businesses, technologies, services, products and other assets, as well as strategic investments,
joint ventures, licenses and alliances. At any given time, we may be engaged in discussing or negotiating a range of these types of transactions.
These transactions involve significant challenges and risks, including: 

difficulties
 in, and significant and unanticipated additional costs and expenses resulting from, integrating into our business the large number
 of personnel, operations, products, services, technology, internal controls and financial reporting of the businesses we acquire; 

disruption
 of our ongoing business, distraction of and significant time and attention required from our management and employees and increases
 in our expenses; 

departure
 of skilled professionals and proven management teams of acquired businesses, as well as the loss of established client relationships
 of those businesses we invest in or acquire; 

for
 investments over which we may not obtain management and operational control, we may lack influence over the controlling partners
 or shareholders, or may not have aligned interests with those of our partners or other shareholders; 

additional
 or conflicting regulatory requirements, heightened restrictions on and scrutiny of investments, acquisitions and foreign ownership
 in other jurisdictions, on national security grounds or for other reasons, regulatory requirements such as filings and approvals
 under the anti-monopoly and competition laws, rules and regulations, the risk that acquisitions or investments may fail to close,
 due to political and regulatory challenges or protectionist policies, as well as related compliance and publicity risks; 

actual
 or alleged misconduct, unscrupulous business practices or non-compliance by us or any company we acquire or invest in or by its affiliates
 or current or former employees, whether before, during or after our acquisition or investments; 

difficulties
 in identifying and selecting appropriate targets and strategic partners, including potential loss of opportunities for strategic
 transactions with competitors of our investee companies and strategic partners; and 

difficulties
 in conducting sufficient and effective due diligence on potential targets and unforeseen or hidden liabilities or additional incidences
 of non-compliance, operating losses, costs and expenses that may adversely affect us following our acquisitions or investments or
 other strategic transactions. 

23 

These
and other risks could lead to negative publicity, increased regulatory scrutiny, litigation, government inquiries, investigations, actions
or penalties against us and the companies we invest in or acquire on the ground of non-compliance with regulatory requirements, or even
against our other businesses, and may force us to incur significant additional expenses and allocate significant management and human
resources to rectify or improve these companies corporate governance standards, disclosure controls and procedures or internal
controls and systems. As a result, we may experience significant difficulties and uncertainties carrying out investments and acquisitions,
and our growth strategy, reputation and/or the trading prices of our securities may be materially and adversely affected. 

We
face challenges in expanding our international and cross-border businesses and operations. 

In
addition to risks that generally apply to our acquisitions and investments, we face risks associated with expanding into an increasing
number of markets where we have limited or no experience, we may be less well-known or have fewer local resources and we may need to
localize our business practices, culture and operations. We also face protectionist or national security policies that could, among other
things, hinder our ability to execute our business strategies and put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to domestic companies
in other jurisdictions. 

In
addition, compliance with cross-border e-commerce tax laws that apply to our businesses will also affect a number of our businesses,
increase our compliance costs and subject us to additional risks. Failure to manage these risks and challenges could negatively affect
our ability to expand our international and cross-border businesses and operations as well as materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
business operations and financial position may be materially and adversely affected by any economic slowdown. 

Our
revenue and net income are impacted to a significant extent by economic conditions globally, as well as economic conditions specific
to our business. The global economy, markets and levels of spending by businesses and consumers are influenced by many factors beyond
our control, including pandemics and other natural disasters. 

We
are heavily reliant on Charles Fernandez, our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and the departure or loss of Mr. Fernandez
could disrupt our business. 

The
Company depends heavily on the continued efforts of Charles Fernandez, our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Fernandez s
services are essential to the Company s strategic vision and would be difficult to replace. The departure or loss of Mr. Fernandez,
or the inability to timely hire and retain a qualified replacement, could negatively impact the Company s ability to manage its
business. 

We
are heavily reliant on David Phipps, our President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Operations and a director, and the departure
or loss of David Phipps could disrupt our business. 

The
Company depends heavily on the continued efforts of David Phipps, our President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Operations and
a director. Mr. Phipps is the founder of Global Telesat Communications LTD GTC and is essential to the Company s
day-to-day operations and would be difficult to replace. The departure or loss of Mr. Phipps, or the inability to timely hire and retain
a qualified replacement, could negatively impact the Company s ability to manage its business. 

24 

If
we are unable to recruit and retain key management, technical and sales personnel, our business would be negatively affected. 

For
our business to be successful, we need to attract and retain highly qualified technical, management and sales personnel. The failure
to recruit additional key personnel when needed with specific qualifications and on acceptable terms or to retain good relationships
with our partners might impede our ability to continue to develop, commercialize and sell our products. To the extent the demand for
skilled personnel exceeds supply, we could experience higher labor, recruiting and training costs in order to attract and retain such
employees. We face competition for qualified personnel from other companies with significantly more resources available to them and thus
may not be able to attract the level of personnel needed for our business to succeed. 

We
depend on key management as well as experienced and capable personnel generally, and any failure to attract, motivate and retain our
staff could severely hinder our ability to maintain and grow our business. 

Our
future success is significantly dependent upon the continued service of our key executives and other key employees, particularly in new
business areas we are expanding into. If we lose the services of any member of management or key personnel, we may not be able to locate
suitable or qualified replacements and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new staff. 

As
our business develops and evolves, it may become difficult for us to continue to retain our employees. A number of our employees, including
many members of management, may choose to pursue other opportunities outside of us. If we are unable to motivate or retain these employees,
our business may be severely disrupted, and our prospects could suffer. 

The
size and scope of our ecosystem also requires us to hire and retain a wide range of capable and experienced personnel who can adapt to
a dynamic, competitive and challenging business environment. We will need to continue to attract and retain experienced and capable personnel
at all levels, including members of management, as we expand our business and operations. Our various incentive initiatives may not be
sufficient to retain our management and employees. Demand for talent in our industry is intense, and the availability of suitable and
qualified candidates is limited. Competing demand for qualified personnel could cause us to offer higher compensation and other benefits
to attract and retain them. Even if we were to offer higher compensation and other benefits, there can be no assurance that these individuals
will choose to join or continue to work for us. Any failure to attract or retain key management and personnel could severely disrupt
our business and growth. 

Failure
to deal effectively with fraudulent or illegal activities by our employees, business partners or service providers would harm our business. 

Illegal,
fraudulent, corrupt or collusive activities or misconduct, whether actual or perceived, by our employees could subject us to liability
or negative publicity, which could severely damage our brand and reputation. We will implement internal controls and policies with regard
to the review and approval of merchant accounts, interactions with business partners and government officials, account management, sales
activities, data security and other relevant matters. However, there can be no assurance that our controls and policies will prevent
fraud, corrupt or illegal activity or misconduct by our employees or that similar incidents will not occur in the future. As we expand
our operations, in particular our businesses that provide services to governments and public institutions, we are subject to additional
internal control and compliance requirements relating to corrupt and other illegal practices by our employees, and we may also be held
liable for misconduct by our business partners and service providers. Failure to comply or ensure our employees, business partners and
service providers to comply with these requirements, whether alleged or actual, could subject us to regulatory investigations and liabilities,
which would materially and adversely affect our business operations, customer relationships, reputation and the trading price of our
securities. 

25 

If
the logistics service providers used by our merchants fail to provide reliable logistics services, our business and prospects, as well
as our financial condition and results of operations, may be materially and adversely affected. 

Interruptions
to or failures in logistics services could prevent the timely or proper delivery of products to consumers, which would negatively impact
on our competitive position as well as harm the reputation of our ecosystem and the businesses we operate. These interruptions or failures
may be due to events that are beyond the control of any of these logistics service providers, such as inclement weather, natural disasters,
the COVID-19 pandemic, other pandemics or epidemics, accidents, transportation disruptions, including special or temporary restrictions
or closings of facilities or transportation networks due to regulatory or political reasons, or labor unrest or shortages. These logistics
services could also be affected or interrupted by business disputes, industry consolidation, insolvency or government shutdowns. The
merchants in our ecosystem may not be able to find alternative logistics service providers to provide logistics services in a timely
and reliable manner, or at all. If the products sold by merchants in our ecosystem are not delivered in proper condition, on a timely
basis or at shipping rates that are commercially acceptable to marketplace participants, our business and prospects, as well as our financial
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Failure
to deal effectively with any fraud perpetrated and fictitious transactions conducted in our ecosystem, and other sources of customer
dissatisfaction, would harm our business. 

Although
we are implementing various measures to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent activities in connection with other businesses
we operate, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective in combating fraudulent transactions or improving overall
satisfaction among our consumers, merchants and other participants. Additional measures that we take to address fraud could also negatively
affect the attractiveness of our marketplaces and other businesses we operate to consumers or merchants. In addition, merchants in our
marketplaces contribute to a fund to provide consumer protection guarantees. If our merchants do not perform their obligations under
these programs, we may use funds that have been deposited by merchants in a consumer protection fund to compensate consumers. If the
amounts in the fund are not sufficient, we may choose to compensate consumers for losses, although currently we are not legally obligated
to do so. If, as a result of regulatory developments, we are required to compensate consumers, we will incur additional expenses. Although
we have recourse against our merchants for any amounts we incur, there can be no assurance that we would be able to collect these amounts
from our merchants. 

Government
authorities, industry watchdog organizations or other third parties may issue reports or engage in other forms of public communications
concerning alleged fraudulent or deceptive conduct on our platforms. Negative publicity and user sentiment generated as a result of these
reports or allegations could severely diminish consumer confidence in and use of our services, reduce our ability to attract new or retain
current merchants, consumers and other participants, damage our reputation, result in shareholder or other litigation, diminish the value
of our brand, and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
e-commerce platforms could be disrupted by network interruptions. 

Our
e-commerce platforms depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications systems. System interruptions
and delays may prevent us from efficiently processing the large volume of transactions on our marketplaces and other businesses we operate. 

Despite
any precautions we may take, the occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems at our facilities, including power
outages, system failures, telecommunications delays or failures, construction accidents, break-ins to IT systems, computer viruses or
human errors, could result in delays in or temporary outages of our platforms or services, loss of our, consumers and customers 
data and business interruption for us and our customers. Any of these events could damage our reputation, significantly disrupt our operations
and the operations of the participants in our ecosystem and subject us to liability, heightened regulatory scrutiny and increased costs,
which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Natural
disasters or terrorist attacks could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Natural
disasters, terrorist acts or acts of war may cause equipment failures or disrupt our systems and operations. A failure to protect the
privacy of customer and employee confidential data against breaches of network or IT security could result in damage to our reputation. 

26 

Security
breaches and attacks against our systems and network, and any potentially resulting breach or failure to otherwise protect personal,
confidential and proprietary information, could damage our reputation and negatively impact our business, as well as materially and adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
cybersecurity measures may not detect, prevent or control all attempts to compromise our systems or risks to our systems, including distributed
denial-of-service attacks, viruses, Trojan horses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, third-party manipulation, security
breaches, employee misconduct or negligence or other attacks, risks, data leakage and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security
of data stored in and transmitted by our systems or that we otherwise maintain. Breaches or failures of our cybersecurity measures could
result in unauthorized access to our systems, misappropriation of information or data, deletion or modification of user information,
or denial-of-service or other interruptions to our business operations. In addition, breaches or failures of the systems and cybersecurity
measures of our third-party service providers could also result in unauthorized access to our data and user information. As techniques
used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party
service providers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to anticipate, or implement adequate measures to protect against, these
attacks. Moreover, if the security of domain names is compromised, we will be unable to use the domain names in our business operations,
which could materially and adversely affect our business operations, reputation and brand image. If we fail to implement adequate encryption
of data transmitted through the networks of the telecommunications and Internet operators we rely upon, there is a risk that telecommunications
and Internet operators or their business partners may misappropriate our data, which could materially and adversely affect our business
operations and reputation. 

Non-compliance
with, or changes in, the legal and regulatory environment in the countries in which we operate could increase our costs or reduce our
net operating revenues. 

Our
business is subject to various laws and regulations in the US and in the countries throughout the world in which we do business, including
laws and regulations relating to commerce, intellectual property, trade, environmental, health and safety, commerce and contracts, privacy
and communications, consumer protection, web services, tax, and state corporate laws and securities laws; and specifically in the communications
equipment industry, many of which are still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. There is no assurance
that we will be completely effective in ensuring our compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Changes in applicable laws
or regulations or evolving interpretations thereof, including increased government regulations, may result in increased compliance costs,
capital expenditures and other financial obligations for us and could affect our profitability or impede the production or distribution
of our products, which could affect our net operating revenues. 

Tightening
of tax compliance efforts that affect our merchants could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Tax
legislation relating to the ecosystem is still developing. Governments may promulgate or strengthen the implementation of tax regulations
that impose obligations on e-commerce companies, which could increase the costs to consumers and merchants and make our platforms less
competitive in these jurisdictions. Governments may require e-commerce companies to assist in the enforcement of tax registration requirements
and the collection of taxes with respect to the revenue or profit generated by merchants from transactions conducted on their platforms.
We may also be requested by tax authorities to supply information about our merchants, such as transaction records and bank account information,
and assist in the enforcement of other tax regulations, including the payment and withholding obligations against our merchants. As a
result of more stringent tax compliance requirements and liabilities, we may lose existing merchants and potential merchants might not
be willing to open storefronts on our marketplaces, which could in turn negatively affect us. Stricter tax enforcement by tax authorities
may also reduce the activities by merchants on our platforms and result in liability to us. Any heightened tax law enforcement against
participants in our marketing platforms (including imposition of reporting or withholding obligations on operators of marketplaces with
respect to VAT of merchants and stricter tax enforcement against merchants generally) could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

27 

We
may be subject to claims under consumer protection laws, including health and safety claims and product liability claims, if property
or people are harmed by the products and services sold through our platforms. 

Government
authorities place high importance on consumer protection. Moreover, as part of our growth strategy, we expect to increase our focus on
food, food delivery, food supplements and beverages, mother care, cosmetics, baby care, pharmaceutical and healthcare products and services,
as well as electronics products, both as a platform operator and as part of our directly operated business. We have also invested in
companies involved in these sectors. These activities could pose increasing challenges to our internal control and compliance systems
and procedures, including our control over and management of third-party service personnel, and expose us to substantial increasing liability,
negative publicity and reputational damage arising from consumer complaints, harms to personal health or safety or accidents involving
products or services offered through our platforms or provided by us. 

Operators
of e-commerce platforms are subject to certain provisions of consumer protection laws even where the operator is not the merchant of
the product or service purchased by the consumer. In addition, if we do not take appropriate remedial action against merchants or service
providers for actions, they engage in that we know, or should have known, would infringe upon the rights and interests of consumers,
we may be held jointly liable for infringement alongside the merchant or service provider. 

We
may also face increasing scrutiny from consumer protection regulators and activists, as well as increasingly become a target for litigation,
in the United States, Europe and other jurisdictions. 

Consumer
complaints and associated negative publicity could materially and adversely harm our reputation and affect our business expansion. Claims
brought against us under consumer protection laws, even if unsuccessful, could result in significant expenditure of funds and diversion
of management time and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business operations, net income and profitability. 

Our
business activities may be subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), the UK Bribery Act 2010 UK Bribery
Act ), and other similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws of other countries in which we operate. 

We
have conducted and have ongoing business operations in international locations, and may in the future initiate business operations in
additional countries other than the U.S. Our business activities may be subject to the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act and other similar anti-bribery
or anti-corruption laws, regulations or rules of other countries in which we operate. The FCPA generally prohibits offering, promising,
giving or authorizing others to give anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to a non-U.S. government official in order to
influence official action or otherwise obtain or retain business. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and
records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal
accounting controls. Our business is regulated and therefore involves interaction with public officials, including officials of non-U.S.
governments. There is no certainty that all of our employees, agents or contractors, or those of our affiliates, will comply with all
applicable laws and regulations, particularly given the high level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations
could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, the closing down of our facilities, requirements
to obtain export licenses, cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries, implementation of compliance programs and prohibitions
on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries
and could materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees
and our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 

Our
reputation, our brand and our business may be harmed by aggressive marketing and communications strategies of our competitors. 

Due
to intense competition in our industry, we have been and may be the target of incomplete, inaccurate and false statements and complaints
about us and our products and services that could damage our reputation and brand and materially deter consumers and customers from spending
in our ecosystem. In addition, competitors have used, and may continue to use, methods such as lodging complaints with regulators, initiating
frivolous and nuisance lawsuits, and other forms of attack litigation and lawfare that attempt to harm our reputation and
brand, hinder our operations, force us to expend resources on responding to and defending against these claims, and otherwise gain a
competitive advantage over us by means of litigious and accusatory behavior. Our ability to respond on share price-sensitive information
to our competitors misleading marketing efforts, including lawfare, may be limited during our self-imposed quiet periods around
quarter ends consistent with our internal policies or due to legal prohibitions on permissible public communications by us during certain
other periods. 

28 

Risks
Related to Digital Assets 

We
may lose our private keys to our digital wallets, causing a loss of all our digital assets. 

Digital
assets, such as cryptocurrencies, are stored in a so-called digital wallet , which may be accessed to exchange a holder s
digital assets and is controllable by the processor of both the public key and the private key relating to this digital wallet in which
the digital assets are held, both of which are unique. We will publish the public key relating to digital wallets in use when we verify
the receipt of transfers and disseminate such information into the network, but we will need to safeguard the private keys relating to
such digital wallets. If the private key is lost, destroyed, or otherwise compromised, we may be unable to access our cryptocurrencies
held in the related digital wallet which will essentially be lost. If the private key is acquired by a third party, then this third party
may be able to gain access to our cryptocurrencies. Any loss of private keys relating to digital wallets used to store our cryptocurrencies
could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or could have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

The
storage and custody of digital assets that we may potentially acquire or hold in the future are subject to cybersecurity breaches and
adverse software events. 

In
addition to the risk of a private key loss to our digital wallet, see Risks Related to Digital Assets - We may lose our private
keys to our digital wallets, causing a loss of all of our digital assets , the storage and custody of our digital assets could
also be subject to cybersecurity breaches and adverse software events. To minimize risk, we plan to establish processes to manage wallets,
or software programs where assets are held, that are associated with our digital asset holdings. 

A
 hot wallet refers to any cryptocurrency wallet that is connected to the Internet. Generally, hot wallets are easier to
set up and access than wallets in cold storage, but they are also more susceptible to hackers and other technical vulnerabilities.
 Cold storage refers to any cryptocurrency wallet that is not connected to the Internet. Cold storage is generally more
secure than hot storage but is not ideal for quick or regular transactions and we may experience lag time in our ability to respond to
market fluctuations in the price of our digital assets. 

We
generally plan to hold most of our digital assets in cold storage to reduce the risk of malfeasance; however, we may also use third-party
custodial wallets and, from time to time, we may use hot wallets or rely on other options that may develop in the future. If we use a
custodial wallet, there can be no assurance that such services will be more secure than cold storage or other alternatives. Human error
and the constantly evolving state of cybercrime and hacking techniques may render present security protocols and procedures ineffective
in ways which we cannot predict. 

Regardless
of the storage method, the risk of damage to or loss of our digital assets cannot be wholly eliminated. If our security procedures and
protocols are ineffective and our cryptocurrency assets are compromised by cybercriminals, we may not have adequate recourse to recover
our losses stemming from such compromise. A security breach could also harm our reputation. A resulting perception that our measures
do not adequately protect our digital assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and
operating results. 

Our
digital assets may be subject to loss, theft, hacking, fraud risks and restriction on access. 

There
is a risk that some or all our digital assets could be lost or stolen. Hackers or malicious actors may launch attacks to steal or compromise
cryptocurrencies, such as by attacking the network source code, exchange miners, third-party platforms, cold and hot storage locations
or software, or by other means. Digital asset transactions and accounts are not insured by any type of government program and cryptocurrency
transactions generally are permanent by the design of the networks. Certain features of digital asset networks, such as decentralization,
the open-source protocols, and the reliance on peer-to-peer connectivity, may increase the risk of fraud or cyber-attack by potentially
reducing the likelihood of a coordinated response. 

29 

We
may be in control and possession of one of the more substantial holdings of digital assets. As we increase in size, we may become a more
appealing target of hackers, malware, cyber-attacks or other security threats. Cyber-attacks may also target our miners or third parties
and other services on which we depend. Any potential security breaches, cyber-attacks on our operations and any other loss or theft of
our digital assets, which could expose us to liability and reputational harm and could seriously curtail the utilization of our services. 

Incorrect
or fraudulent digital asset transactions may be irreversible. 

Digital
asset transactions generally are irrevocable and stolen or incorrectly transferred cryptocurrencies may be irretrievable. As a result,
any incorrectly executed or fraudulent digital asset transactions could adversely affect our investments and assets. 

Digital
asset transactions are not, from an administrative perspective, reversible without the consent and active participation of the recipient
of the digital assets from the transaction. While theoretically digital asset transactions may be reversible with the control or consent
of a majority of processing power on the network, we do not now, nor is it feasible that we could in the future, possess sufficient processing
power to affect this reversal. 

Once
a transaction has been verified and recorded in a block that is added to a blockchain, an incorrect transfer of a digital asset or a
theft thereof generally will not be reversible, and we may not have sufficient recourse to recover our losses from any such transfer
or theft. It is possible that, through computer or human error, or through theft or criminal action, our cryptocurrency rewards could
be transferred in incorrect amounts or to unauthorized third parties, or to uncontrolled accounts. 

Further,
according to the SEC, at this time, there is no specifically enumerated U.S. or foreign governmental, regulatory, investigative or prosecutorial
authority or mechanism through which to bring an action or complaint regarding missing or stolen digital asset. The market participants,
therefore, are presently reliant on existing private investigative entities to investigate any potential loss of our digital assets.
These third-party service providers rely on data analysis and compliance of ISPs with traditional court orders to reveal information
such as the IP addresses of any attackers. To the extent that we are unable to recover our losses from such action, error or theft, such
events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results, including our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

Acceptance
and widespread use of digital assets is uncertain. 

Currently,
there is a relatively limited use of any digital assets in the retail and commercial marketplace, contributing to price volatility. Price
volatility undermines any digital asset s role as a medium of exchange, as retailers are much less likely to accept it as a form
of payment. Banks and other established financial institutions may refuse to process funds for transactions, process wire transfers to
or from exchanges, or service providers, or maintain accounts for persons or entities transacting in digital assets. Furthermore, a significant
portion of demand for digital assets is generated by speculators and investors seeking a long-term store of value or speculators seeking
to profit from the short- or long-term holding of the asset. 

The
relative lack of acceptance of digital assets in the retail and commercial marketplace, or a reduction of such use, limits the ability
of end users to use them to pay for goods and services. Such lack of acceptance or decline in acceptances could have a material adverse
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

Ownership
of digital assets is pseudonymous, and the supply is often unknown. Individuals or entities with substantial holdings may engage in large-scale
sales or distributions, either on non- market terms or in the ordinary course, which could disproportionately and negatively affect the
market, result in a reduction in the price of the digital asset and materially and adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Generally,
there is no registry showing which individuals or entities own a digital asset or the quantity that is owned by any particular person
or entity. There are no regulations in place that would prevent a large holder of a digital asset from selling it. To the extent such
large holders engage in large-scale sales or distributions, either on non-market terms or in the ordinary course, it could negatively
affect the market for the digital asset and result in a reduction in the price. This, in turn, could materially and adversely affect
the price of our stock, our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

30 

Because
there has been limited precedent set for financial accounting for digital assets, the determinations that we have made for how to account
for digital assets transactions may be subject to change. 

Because
there has been limited precedent set for the financial accounting for digital assets and related revenue recognition and no official
guidance has yet been provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the SEC, it is unclear how companies may in the future
be required to account for cryptocurrency transactions and assets and related revenue recognition. A change in regulatory or financial
accounting standards could result in the necessity to change the accounting methods we currently intend to employ in respect of our anticipated
revenues and assets and restate any financial statements produced based on those methods. Such a restatement could adversely affect our
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operation. 

The
development and acceptance of cryptographic and algorithmic protocols governing the issuance of and transactions in digital assets is
subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate. 

Digital
assets are a new and rapidly evolving industry of which the digital asset networks are prominent, but not unique, parts. The growth of
the digital asset industry, in general, and the digital asset networks, in particular, are subject to a high degree of uncertainty. The
factors affecting the further development of the digital asset industry, as well as the digital asset networks, include: 

continued
 worldwide growth in the adoption and use of digital assets; 

government
 and quasi-government regulation of digital assets and their use, or restrictions on or regulation of access to and operation of the
 digital asset network or similar digital assets systems; 

the
 maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the network; 

changes
 in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; 

the
 availability and popularity of forms or methods of buying and selling goods and services, including new means of using fiat currencies; 

general
 economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to digital assets; and 

the
 impact of regulators focusing on digital assets and digital securities and the costs associated with such regulatory oversight. 

The
outcome of these factors could have negative effects on our ability to pursue our business strategy, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results as well as potentially negative effect on the value of
digital assets that we may potentially acquire or hold in the future. 

Banks
and financial institutions may not provide banking services, or may cut off services, to businesses that distribute digital assets, provide
digital asset-related services or that accept digital assets as payment. 

A
number of companies that provide digital asset-related services have been unable to find banks or financial institutions that are willing
to provide them with bank accounts and other services. Similarly, a number of companies and individuals or businesses associated with
digital assets may have had and may continue to have their existing bank accounts closed or services discontinued with financial institutions.
We also may be unable to maintain these services for our business. 

The
difficulty that many businesses that distribute digital assets, provide digital asset-related services or that accept digital assets
as payment have and may continue to have in finding banks and financial institutions willing to provide them services may decrease the
usefulness of cryptocurrencies as a payment system and harm public perception of cryptocurrencies. Similarly, the usefulness of cryptocurrencies
as a payment system and the public perception of cryptocurrencies could be damaged if banks or financial institutions were to close the
accounts of businesses distributing digital assets, providing digital asset- related services or accepting digital assets as payment.
This could occur because of compliance risk, cost, government regulation or public pressure. The risk applies to securities firms, clearance
and settlement firms, national stock and commodities exchanges, the over-the-counter market and the Depository Trust Company. Such factors
would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

31 

We
may face risks of Internet disruptions, which could have a material adverse effect on the price of digital assets. 

A
disruption of the Internet may affect the use of cryptocurrencies and subsequently the value of our securities. Generally, digital assets
are dependent upon the Internet. A significant disruption in Internet connectivity could disrupt a currency s network operations
until the disruption is resolved and have a material adverse effect on the price of digital assets and, consequently, our business, prospects,
financial condition, and operating results. 

Whether
a particular non-fungible token (NFT) or other digital or crypto asset is a security is subject to a high
degree of uncertainty, and if we are unable to properly characterize an NFT or other digital asset, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny,
inquiries, investigations, fines, and other penalties, which may adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

The
SEC and its staff have taken the position that certain digital or crypto assets (which includes NFTs) fall within the definition
of a security under the U.S. federal securities laws. The legal test for determining whether any given digital asset is
a security is a highly complex, fact-driven analysis that evolves over time, and the outcome is difficult to predict. The SEC generally
does not provide advance guidance or confirmation on the status of any digital asset as a security. Furthermore, the SEC s views
in this area have evolved over time and it is difficult to predict the direction or timing of any continuing evolution. It is also possible
that a change in the governing administration or the appointment of new SEC commissioners could substantially impact the views of the
SEC and its staff. 

Several
foreign jurisdictions have taken a broad-based approach to classifying digital assets as securities, while certain other
foreign jurisdictions have adopted a narrower approach. As a result, certain digital assets may be deemed to be a security 
under the laws of some jurisdictions but not others. Various foreign jurisdictions may, in the future, adopt additional laws, regulations,
or directives that affect the characterization of digital assets as securities. 

The
classification of a digital asset as a security under applicable law has wide-ranging implications for the regulatory obligations that
flow from the offer and sale of such assets. For example, a digital asset that is a security in the United States may generally only
be offered or sold in the United States pursuant to a registration statement filed with the SEC or in an offering that qualifies for
an exemption from registration. Persons that effect transactions in digital assets that are securities in the United States may be subject
to registration with the SEC as a broker or dealer. Platforms that bring together purchasers and sellers
to trade digital assets that are securities in the United States are generally subject to registration as national securities exchanges,
or must qualify for an exemption, such as by being operated by a registered broker-dealer as an alternative trading system (ATS) in compliance
with rules for ATSs. Persons facilitating clearing and settlement of securities may be subject to registration with the SEC as a clearing
agency. Foreign jurisdictions may have similar licensing, registration, and qualification requirements. 

With
respect to the securities status of an NFT that we propose to post to our platform, we will follow an internally developed model that
will permit us to make a risk-based assessment regarding the likelihood that a particular NFT could be deemed a security 
within the meaning of the U.S. federal and/or state securities laws in determining if and how an NFT can be posted on our platform. This
process will involve employees trained to identify the indicia of a security who will also work with outside legal counsel
experienced in crypto asset regulatory matters to make a determination with respect to each NFT, or category of NFT, proposed to be posted
on our platform. These processes and procedures are risk-based assessments and are not a legal standard or binding on regulators or courts.
In the event an NFT or other digital asset is deemed by us, pursuant to the above analysis, to possess a reasonable likelihood of being
deemed a security, we will (a) comply with applicable laws and regulations by forming, acquiring or engaging a licensed broker-dealer
authorized to act as an trading system for those digital assets, or (b) transact in such digital assets offshore in a way that complies
with applicable laws and regulations; or (c) not transact in the subject NFT. Regardless of our conclusions, we could be subject to legal
or regulatory action in the event the SEC, a state or foreign regulatory authority, or a court were to determine that an NFT posted and
sold on our platform is a security under applicable laws. Because our platform is not registered or licensed with the SEC
or foreign authorities as a broker-dealer, national securities exchange, or ATS (or foreign equivalents), and we do not seek to register
or rely on an exemption from such registration or license to facilitate the offer and sale of NFTs on our platform, we will only permit
posting on our platform of those NFTs for which we determine there are reasonably strong arguments to conclude that the NFT is not a
security. We believe that our process reflects a comprehensive and thoughtful analysis and is reasonably designed to facilitate consistent
application of available legal guidance to digital assets to facilitate informed risk-based business judgment. However, we recognize
that the application of securities laws to the specific facts and circumstances of digital assets may be complex and subject to change,
and that a posting determination does not guarantee any conclusion under the U.S. federal securities laws. We expect our risk assessment
policies will continuously evolve to consider developments in case law, applicable facts, developments in technology, and changes in
applicable regulatory schemes. 

32 

There
can be no assurances that we will properly characterize any given NFT as a security or non-security for purposes of determining whether
our platform will allow the posting of such NFT, or that the SEC, foreign regulatory authority, or a court, if the question was presented
to it, would agree with our assessment. If the SEC, state or foreign regulatory authority, or a court were to determine that NFTs offered
or sold on our platform are securities, we would not be able to offer such NFTs until we are able to do so in a compliant manner. A determination
by the SEC, a state or foreign regulatory authority, or a court that an NFT posted and sold on our platform was a security may also result
in us determining that it is advisable to remove NFTs from our platform that have similar characteristics to the NFT that was determined
to be a security. In addition, we could be subject to judicial or administrative sanctions for failing to offer or sell the NFT in compliance
with the registration requirements, or for acting as a broker, dealer, or national securities exchange without appropriate registration.
Such an action could result in injunctions, cease and desist orders, as well as civil monetary penalties, fines, and disgorgement, criminal
liability, and reputational harm. Customers that purchased such NFTs on our platform and suffered losses could also seek to rescind a
transaction that we facilitated on the basis that it was conducted in violation of applicable law, which could subject us to significant
liability. We may also be required to cease facilitating transactions in other similar NFTs, which could negatively impact our business,
operating results, and financial condition. 

We
are subject to payment-related regulations and risks. 

We
may provide regulated services in certain jurisdictions because we enable customers to keep account balances with us and transfer money
to third parties, and because we may provide services to third parties to facilitate payments on their behalf. In these jurisdictions,
we may be subject to requirements for licensing, regulatory inspection, bonding and capital maintenance, the use, handling, and segregation
of transferred funds, consumer disclosures, and authentication. We are also subject to, or voluntarily comply with, several other laws
and regulations relating to payments, money laundering, international money transfers, know-your-customer requirements (KYC), privacy
and information security, and electronic fund transfers. If we were found to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations, we could
be subject to additional requirements and civil and criminal penalties or forced to cease providing certain services. 

The
uncertain application of a myriad of state and federal laws to our NextPlat Digital business may expose us to regulatory enforcement
and civil or criminal sanction should a legal authority determine that our approach to compliance is inadequate or inappropriate. 

The
legal status of NFTs under a myriad of state and federal laws and regulatory regimes (including without limitation, securities, banking,
and commodities laws) is highly uncertain and unresolved, and the applicability of various of those regimes to any NFTs that we may propose
to post on our platform is also unresolved. Our creation and operation of NextPlat Digital will present several new regulatory and legal
compliance obligations for the Company, including the potential need to comply with Know Your Customer KYC rules and custom and practice, as well as with the applicable Anti-Money Laundering laws and regulations AML and Combating
the Financing of Terrorism CFT ), among others. As a result of the uncertain legal status of digital assets we may have
legal exposure for our failure to adequately comply with legal regimes that are known to us. In addition, governmental agencies may seek
to apply laws to our NextPlat Digital business that we believe are inapplicable and may seek sanctions relating to our alleged failure
to comply with those laws. 

33 

Our
transaction of digital asset business involving the use of crypto wallets and cryptocurrencies may expose us to allegations of violation
of applicable KYC, AML and CFT and other compliance requirements. 

When
onboarding new users, we intend to utilize third-party tools to proactively screen for high-risk crypto wallets, including explicitly
sanctioned addresses and addresses associated with sanctioned entities. The applicable legal requirements and our compliance obligations
will vary depending on the nature of the client, the service or product provided and jurisdiction. For example, if we engage, form or
acquire a broker dealer to post, trade or sell NFTs or other digital assets that are securities, we will attempt to fully comply with
all applicable KYC, AML and CFT compliance requirements. Given the substantial legal uncertainties that may presented by those laws and
given the informational constraints presented by crypto wallets we may be exposed to regulatory enforcement and civil or criminal sanction,
as well as to claims asserting civil liability. 

Ownership
of digital assets is pseudonymous, and the supply is often unknown. Individuals or entities with substantial holdings may engage in large-scale
sales or distributions, either on non- market terms or in the ordinary course, which could disproportionately and negatively affect the
market, result in a reduction in the price of the digital asset and materially and adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Generally,
there is no registry showing which individuals or entities own a digital asset or the quantity that is owned by any person or entity.
There are no regulations in place that would prevent a large holder of a digital asset from selling it. To the extent such large holders
engage in large-scale sales or distributions, either on non-market terms or in the ordinary course, it could negatively affect the market
for the digital asset and result in a reduction in the price. This, in turn, could materially and adversely affect the price of our stock,
our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

Because
there has been limited precedent set for financial accounting for digital assets, the determinations that we have made for how to account
for digital assets transactions may be subject to change. 

Because
there has been limited precedent set for the financial accounting for digital assets and related revenue recognition and no official
guidance has yet been provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the SEC, it is unclear how companies may in the future
be required to account for cryptocurrency transactions and assets and related revenue recognition. A change in regulatory or financial
accounting standards could result in the necessity to change the accounting methods we currently intend to employ in respect of our anticipated
revenues and assets and restate any financial statements produced based on those methods. Such a restatement could adversely affect our
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operation. 

34 

Risks
Related to Doing Business in China 

We
contemplate that our business expansion, if successful, will result in an increase in the business we do in China. Changes in China s
economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions
and results of operations. 

Currently
we do not have operations in China. However, as our e-commerce business expands, we expect to market our products and services in China,
and perhaps establish operations in China at a future time, all of which would expose our business, prospects, financial condition and
results of operations to an increasingly significant extent to political, economic and social conditions in China generally. 

The
Chinese economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the degree of government involvement,
level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. Although the Chinese government has implemented
measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets and
the establishment of improved corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of productive assets in China are still
owned or controlled by the government. In addition, the Chinese government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry
development by imposing industrial policies. The Chinese government also exercises significant control over China s economic growth
by allocating resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential
treatment to industries or companies. 

While
the Chinese economy has experienced significant growth over the past decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and in various
sectors of the economy. The Chinese government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation
of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall Chinese economy but may have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial
condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations. 

The
growth rate of the Chinese economy has gradually slowed since 2010. Any prolonged slowdown in the Chinese economy may reduce the demand
for our products and services and materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Uncertainties
with respect to the PRC legal system could adversely affect us. 

The
Peoples Republic of China PRC or China legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes, where
prior court decisions have limited precedential value. The PRC legal system is evolving rapidly, and the interpretations of many laws,
regulations and rules may contain inconsistencies and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties. Although
we have taken measures to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our business operations and to avoid conducting any non-compliant
activities under these laws and regulations, the PRC governmental authorities may promulgate new laws and regulations regulating our
business. Moreover, developments in our industry may lead to changes in PRC laws, regulations and policies or in the interpretation and
application of existing laws, regulations and policies. As a result, we may be required by the regulators to upgrade the licenses or
permits we may obtain, to obtain additional licenses, permits, approvals, to complete additional filings or registrations for the services
we provide, or to modify our business practices. Any failure to upgrade, obtain or maintain such licenses, permits, filings or approvals
or requirement to modify our business practices may subject us to various penalties, including, among others, the confiscation of revenues
and imposition of fines. We cannot assure you that our business operations would not be deemed to violate any existing or future PRC
laws or regulations, which in turn may limit or restrict us, and could materially and adversely affect our business and operations. 

From
time to time, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce our legal rights. However, since PRC judicial
and administrative authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be
more difficult to predict the outcome of a judicial or administrative proceeding than in more developed legal systems. These uncertainties
may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered and could materially and adversely affect our business and the results
of operations. 

35 

Furthermore,
the PRC legal system is based, in part, on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published in a timely manner,
or at all, but which may have retroactive effect. As a result, we may not always be aware of any potential violation of these policies
and rules. Such unpredictability regarding our contractual, property (including intellectual property) and procedural rights could adversely
affect our business and impede our ability to continue our operations. 

Recent
litigation and negative publicity surrounding China-based companies listed in the United States may negatively impact the trading price
of our securities. 

We
believe that recent litigation and negative publicity surrounding companies with operations in China that are listed in the United States
have negatively impacted the stock prices of these companies. Certain politicians in the United States have publicly warned investors
to shun China-based companies listed in the United States. The SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
or the PCAOB, also issued a joint statement on April 21, 2020, reiterating the disclosure, financial reporting and other risks involved
in the investments in companies that are based in emerging markets as well as the limited remedies available to investors who might take
legal action against such companies. Furthermore, various equity-based research organizations have recently published reports on China-based
companies after examining their corporate governance practices, related party transactions, sales practices and financial statements,
and these reports have led to special investigations and listing suspensions on U.S. national exchanges. Any similar scrutiny on us,
regardless of its lack of merit, could cause the market price of our securities to fall, divert management resources and energy, cause
us to incur expenses in defending ourselves against rumors, and increase the premiums we pay for director and officer insurance. 

Fluctuations
in exchange rates could have a material and adverse effect on the results of our operations and the value of your investment. 

The
conversion of Renminbi, the official currency of China, into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, is based on rates set by the
People s Bank of China. The Renminbi has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and unpredictably. The value
of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by changes in China s political and economic conditions and
by China s foreign exchange policies, among other things. We cannot assure you that Renminbi will not appreciate or depreciate
significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the future. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC, or U.S. government
policy may impact the exchange rate between Renminbi and the U.S. dollar in the future. 

Any
significant appreciation or depreciation of Renminbi may materially and adversely affect our revenues, earnings and financial position,
and the value of our securities. For example, to the extent that we need to convert Renminbi we receive in payment for products and services
into U.S. dollars to pay our operating expenses, depreciation of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the
amount of the U.S. dollars we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, a significant depreciation of Renminbi against the U.S.
dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. dollar equivalent of our earnings, which in turn could adversely affect the price of our securities. 

In
addition, our currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert Renminbi
into other currencies, such as the U.S. dollar. As a result, fluctuations in exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on your
investment. 

Governmental
control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment. 

The
PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency
out of China. Approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities or delegated banks is required where RMB is to be
converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign
currencies. The PRC government may also at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions.
If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient currency to satisfy our US or PRC currency demands, our
operations could be adversely affected. 

36 

Risks
Related to Our Securities 

You
may experience dilution of your ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common or preferred stock
or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common or preferred stock. 

We
are authorized to issue an aggregate of 50,000,000 shares of common stock and 3,333,333 shares of blank check preferred
stock. In the future, we may issue our authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership
interests of our present stockholders. We may issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into
or exercisable for our common stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions, future sales of our securities
for capital raising purposes, or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares of our common stock may
create downward pressure on the trading price of the common stock. 

You
will experience future dilution because of future equity offerings. 

We
may in the future offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock.
Although no assurances can be given that we will consummate a financing, in the event we do, or in the event we sell shares of common
stock or other securities convertible into shares of our common stock in the future, additional and substantial dilution will occur.
In addition, investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to our current stockholders. 

We
do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock, and investors may lose the entire amount of their investment. 

Cash
dividends have never been declared or paid on our common stock, and we do not anticipate such a declaration or payment in the foreseeable
future. We expect to use future earnings, if any, to fund business growth. Therefore, stockholders will not receive any funds absent
a sale of their shares of common stock. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment
will only occur if our stock price appreciates. We cannot assure stockholders of a positive return on their investment when they sell
their shares, nor can we assure that stockholders will not lose the entire amount of their investment. 

The
ability of our Board of Directors to issue additional stock may prevent or make certain transactions more difficult, including a sale
or merger of the Company. 

Our
Board of Directors is authorized to issue up to 3,333,333 shares of preferred stock with powers, rights and preferences designated by
it. Shares of voting or convertible preferred stock could be issued, or rights to purchase such shares could be issued, to create voting
impediments or to frustrate persons seeking to affect a takeover or otherwise gain control of the Company. The ability of the Board of
Directors to issue such additional shares of preferred stock, with rights and preferences it deems advisable, could discourage an attempt
by a party to acquire control of the Company by tender offer or other means. Such issuances could therefore deprive stockholders of benefits
that could result from such an attempt, such as the realization of a premium over the market price for their shares in a tender offer
or the temporary increase in market price that such an attempt could cause. Moreover, the issuance of such additional shares of preferred
stock to persons friendly to the Board of Directors could make it more difficult to remove incumbent officers and directors from office
even if such change were to be favorable to stockholders generally. 

Our
common stock and warrants are thinly traded and there can be no assurance that a more active public market will ever develop. Failure
to develop or maintain an active trading market could negatively affect the value of our common stock and make it difficult or impossible
for you to sell your shares. 

Our
common stock and Warrants are listed on Nasdaq but there can be no assurance that an active trading market will develop for our shares
and Warrants. Should we fail to satisfy the Nasdaq continued listing standards, the trading price of our common stock could suffer and
the trading market for our common stock and warrants may be less liquid, and our common stock price and warrant price may be subject
to increased volatility, making it difficult or impossible to sell shares of our common stock and warrants. 

37 

The
provisions of our Nasdaq listed Warrants could discourage the acquisition of us by a third party . 

Certain
provisions of our Nasdaq listed Warrants could make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire us. The Nasdaq listed
Warrants prohibit us from engaging in certain transactions constituting fundamental transactions unless, among other things,
the surviving entity assumes our obligations under the warrants. These and other provisions of the Nasdaq listed Warrants could prevent
or deter a third party from acquiring us even where the acquisition could be beneficial to you. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq, a failure of which could result in
a de-listing of our common stock . 

The
Nasdaq Capital Market requires that the trading price of its listed stocks remain above one dollar in order for the stock to remain listed.
If a listed stock trades below one dollar for more than 30 consecutive trading days, then it is subject to delisting from Nasdaq. In
addition, to maintain a listing on Nasdaq, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards,
including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders equity, and certain
corporate governance requirements. If we are unable to satisfy these requirements or standards, we could be subject to delisting, which
would have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when
you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, we would expect to take actions to restore our compliance with the listing requirements,
but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market
price or improve the liquidity of our common stock, prevent our common stock from dropping below the minimum bid price requirement, or
prevent future non-compliance with the listing requirements. 

Our
stock price may be volatile. 

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors,
many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

changes
 in our industry; 

competitive
 pricing pressures; 

our
 ability to obtain working capital financing; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

conversions
 from preferred stock to common stock; 

sales
 of our common and preferred stock; 

our
 ability to execute our business plan; 

operating
 results that fall below expectations; 

loss
 of any strategic relationship; 

regulatory
 developments; and 

economic
 and other external factors. 

In
addition, the securities markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the
operating performance of companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common
stock. 

Offers
or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

If
our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, including upon the expiration of any statutory holding
period under Rule 144, or issued upon the conversion of preferred stock or exercise of warrants, it could create a circumstance commonly
referred to as an overhang and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence
of an overhang, whether sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing
through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

38 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Description of Property. 

On
December 2, 2021, the Company entered into a 62-month lease for 4,141 square feet of office space in Florida, for 186,345 annually.
The rent increases 3 annually. The lease commenced upon occupancy on June 13, 2022, and will expire on August 31, 2027. 

For
our facilities in Poole, England, we rent office and warehouse space of approximately 2,660 square feet for 30,000 annually or
approximately USD 40,000, based on a yearly average exchange rate of 1.3269 GBP:USD. The Poole lease was renewed on October 6, 2022,
and will expire October 31, 2023. 

We
believe that we have adequate space for our anticipated needs and that suitable additional space will be available at commercially reasonable
prices as needed. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

On
June 22, 2021, Thomas Seifert s employment as the Company s Chief Financial Officer was terminated for cause. Mr. Seifert
asserts that the termination was not for cause and that he is owed compensation payable under his June 2, 2021 employment agreement.
The Company s position is that Mr. Seifert is not owed any additional compensation relating to his prior service with the Company
or arising under any employment agreement. The Company and Mr. Seifert are currently engaged in litigation over the matter of his employment
and termination. The Company believes it has adequate defenses to Mr. Seifert s claims and has asserted affirmative claims for
relief against Mr. Seifert including, but not limited to, breach of the employment agreement, breach of his fiduciary duties, fraud in
the inducement in connection with the employment agreement, fraudulent misrepresentation, and constructive fraud. A detailed recitation
of the Company s factual allegations supporting these claims can be found in the Company s Second Amended Complaint, filed
June 21, 2022. The Company does not expect to seek substantial monetary relief in the litigation. This dispute is pending before the
District Court for the Southern District of Florida under Case No. 1:21-cv-22436-DPG. 

On
July 5, 2022, Mr. Seifert moved to dismiss NextPlat s Second Amended Complaint, and filed a Counterclaim against the Company and
its Chief Executive Officer, Charles M. Fernandez. In his Counterclaim, Mr. Seifert seeks legal remedies in connection with the Company s
June 22, 2021, termination of his employment. Mr. Seifert also claims Retaliatory Discharge under Florida s Private Whistleblower
Act, Defamation, and Negligent Misrepresentation. 

The
Company, joined by Mr. Fernandez, moved to dismiss Mr. Seifert s Counterclaim on July 25, 2022. Mr. Seifert filed a Response in
Opposition on August 8, 2022, and on August 15, 2022, the Company filed a Reply in Support of its Motion to Dismiss. 

On
January 9, 2023, the United States Magistrate Judge entered a Report and Recommendation on the Parties Motions to Dismiss. The Magistrate
granted in part and denied in part both Motions. A Status Conference is scheduled for April 2023. The court has not ruled on the report
and recommendation and has not entered an order on either parties motion to dismiss. 

From
time to time, the Company may become involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of
business. Other than the matter described above, the Company is not currently involved in any pending legal proceeding or litigation,
and to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to which the Company is a party or to which
any of the Company s properties is subject, which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, financial condition and operating results. 

39 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
shares have been listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market since May 28, 2021. Our common stock and warrants have been trading on the Nasdaq
Capital Market under the symbols NXPL and NXPLW, respectively, since January 21, 2022. 

Holders
of Common Equity 

As
of March 30, we had 14,441,025 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 495 stockholders of
record. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. We intend to retain future earnings to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements. Any future decision to pay cash
dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon financial condition, results of operations,
capital requirements and such other factors as the Board of Directors deems relevant. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

See
Part III, Item 12 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information relating to securities authorized for issuance under our equity
compensation plans. 

 The
following table summarizes information, as of December 31, 2022, relating to equity compensation plans of the Company under which the
Company s common stock is authorized for issuance. 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

Equity compensation plans 2020 Incentive Plan 
 523,000 
 1.23 
 600 
 
 Equity compensation plans 2021 Incentive Plan 
 170,000 
 2.58 
 1,378 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders: 

2018 Incentive Plan 
 3,083 
 11.25 
 1,333 
 
 Equity compensation issued pursuant to individual compensation arrangements 
 1,423,618 
 3.05 
 - 
 
 Total 
 2,119,701 
 2.78 
 3,311 

Item
6. [Reserved]. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Cautionary
Notice Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including those
relating to our liquidity, our belief that we will not have sufficient cash and borrowing capacity to meet our working capital needs
for the next 12 months without further financing, our expectations regarding acquisitions and new lines of business, gross profit, gross
margins and capital expenditures. Additionally, words such as expects, anticipates, intends, 
 believes, will, would, plan, vision and similar words are used
to identify forward-looking statements. 

40 

Some
or all the results anticipated by these forward-looking statements may not occur. Important factors, uncertainties and risks that may
cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the Risk Factors which
appear in our filings and reports made with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), our lack of working capital,
the value of our securities, the impact of competition, the continuation or worsening of current economic conditions, technology and
technological changes, a potential decrease in consumer spending and the condition of the domestic and global credit and capital markets.
Additionally, these forward-looking statements are presented as of the date this Form 10-K is filed with the SEC. We do not intend to
update any of these forward-looking statements. 

This
discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Report, including Risk Factors, Description
of Business and the Financial Statements attached hereto pursuant and the related exhibits. The various sections of this discussion
contain a number of forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties
and risk factors described throughout this Report. 

The
following discussion provides information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of
operations and financial condition. The discussion should be read along with our financial statements and notes thereto contained elsewhere
in this annual report. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties.
Our actual results may differ significantly from the results, expectations and plans discussed in these forward-looking statements. 

Overview

Leveraging
the e-commerce experience of the Company s management team and the Company s existing e-commerce platforms, the Company has
embarked upon the rollout of a state-of-the-art e-commerce platform to collaborate with businesses to optimize their ability to sell
their goods online, domestically, and internationally, and enabling customers and partners to optimize their e-commerce presence and
revenue, which we expect will become the focus of the Company s business in the future. Historically, the business of NextPlat
has been the provision of a comprehensive array of Satellite Industry communication services, and related equipment sales. As detailed
in Online Storefronts and E-Commerce Platforms below, the Company operates two main e-commerce websites as well as 25 third-party e-commerce
storefronts such as Alibaba, Amazon and Walmart. These e-commerce venues form an effective global network serving thousands of consumers,
enterprises, and governments. NextPlat has announced its intention to broaden its e-commerce platform and is implementing comprehensive
systems upgrade to support this initiative. The Company has also begun the design and development of a next generation platform for digital
assets built for Web3 (an internet service built using decentralized blockchains). This new platform NextPlat Digital is currently in the design and development phase and will enable the use of a range of digital assets, such as non-fungible tokens NFTs ),
in e-commerce and in community-building activities. 

Recent
Events 

Expanding
beyond our current global network of online storefronts serving thousands of consumers, enterprises, and governments, the Company has
embarked upon the rollout of a state-of-the-art e-commerce platform to collaborate with businesses to optimize their ability to sell
their goods online, domestically, and internationally, and enabling customers and partners to optimize their e-commerce presence and
revenue. We intend to develop a next generation platform for digital assets built for Web3, an internet service built using decentralized
blockchains. Our new platform NextPlat Digital ), which is currently in the design and development phase in collaboration
with consultants and contracted developers, will initially enable the use of non-fungible tokens NFTs ), in e-commerce
and in community-building activities. NextPlat Digital may in the future also enable the posting and use of other digital or crypto 
assets once applicable legal and regulatory requirements are addressed. As currently contemplated, NextPlat Digital may facilitate the
creation/minting, purchase and sale of a broad range of non-yield-generating and non-fractionalized NFT products, including, but not
limited to, art, music, collectables, digital real estate, video games, game items and certificates of authenticity. We also anticipated
developing and deploying NFTs for use in tokenizing data for use in brand loyalty programs. 

41 

NextPlat
Digital, as currently planned, will be used by us to create both (a) public marketplaces, for us and third-parties, where anyone with
a crypto wallet or credit card can buy an NFT from an authorized user, or, if authorized, sell their own NFTs, and (b) private market
places that only allow a particular company or entity to sell their own NFTs within a branded market (such as for the promotion of a
particular brand or product). We do not currently intend to undertake or participate in initial coin offerings , the minting
of coins or the mining of cryptocurrencies. 

The
legal status of NFTs under a myriad of state and federal laws and regulatory regimes (including securities, banking, and commodities
laws) is highly uncertain and unresolved, and the applicability of various of those regimes to any NFTs that we may propose to post on
our platform is also unresolved. Our creation and operation of NextPlat Digital will present a number of new regulatory and legal compliance
obligations for the Company. As an initial matter we will need to make a determination whether a particular NFT could reasonably be considered
a security for federal and state law purposes, and if so we would be required to comply with the applicable securities registration requirements
or obtain comfort that our activities would fall within applicable exemptions from registration. To the extent that we determine that
a particular NFT could be deemed a security within the meaning of the U.S. federal and/or securities laws, we intend to
obtain contractual comfort from licensed broker-dealer authorized to act as a trading system for those digital assets that such broker-dealer
will comply with the applicable Know Your Customer KYC rules and custom and practice, as well as with the
applicable Anti-Money Laundering laws and regulations AML and Combating the Financing of Terrorism CFT ),
administered and enforced by the U.S. Treasury Financial Crimes and Enforcement Network discussed below, among others. We may have legal
exposure for any alleged failures on the part of such licensed broker-dealer to fulfill its obligations under its contracts with us. 

With
respect to the securities status of an NFT that we propose to post to our platform, we will follow an internally developed model that
will permit us to make a risk-based assessment regarding the likelihood that a particular NFT could be deemed a security 
within the meaning of the U.S. federal and/or state securities laws in determining if and how an NFT can be posted on our platform. This
process will involve employees trained to identify the indicia of a security who will also work with outside legal counsel
experienced in crypto asset regulatory matters to make a determination with respect to each NFT, or category of NFT, proposed to be posted
on our platform. These processes and procedures are risk-based assessments and are not a legal standard or binding on regulators or courts.
In the event an NFT or other digital asset is deemed by us, pursuant to the above analysis, to possess a reasonable likelihood of being
deemed a security, we will (a) comply with applicable laws and regulations by forming, acquiring or engaging a licensed broker-dealer
authorized to act as an trading system for those digital assets, or (b) transact in such digital assets offshore in a way that complies
with applicable laws and regulations; or (c) not transact in the subject NFT. We expect our risk assessment policies will continuously
evolve to take into account developments in case law, applicable facts, developments in technology, and changes in applicable regulatory
schemes. 

Irrespective
of a particular NFT s status as a security, we will need to assess whether we needed to comply with other applicable regulations
and laws (including but not limited to AML and CFT regulations). If we are deemed to be involved in the exchange or transmission of value
that substitutes for currency, or fall under other evolving requirements, we may be deemed to be a money transmitter and
will be subject to AML and CFT regulations. Depending on the attributes of an NFT, the manner in which it is marketed, and the nature
of the clientele, we could be subject to other legal and regulatory regimes as well. We will endeavor to comply with all applicable laws
in connection with our NextPlat Digital business, but the uncertain application of those laws to our proposed business may create a substantial
risk to the Company. 

When
onboarding new users, we intend to utilize third-party tools to proactively screen for high-risk crypto wallets, including explicitly
sanctioned addresses and addresses associated with sanctioned entities. Crypto wallets protect the identity of the owner of the wallet,
store the owner s private keys, secure and provide access by the owner to the cryptocurrency owned by it and allow the owner to
send, receive, and transact business with cryptocurrencies. Such wallets by their nature obfuscate the identity of the owner of the wallet
and limit access to the transaction history of that wallet and its owner. Consequently, crypto wallets and cryptocurrencies may be used
by persons seeking to avoid legal oversight and to violate the law. For example, they can be used to launder money and to promote terrorism.
The applicable legal requirements and our compliance obligations will vary depending on the nature of the client, the service or product
provided and jurisdiction. For example, if we engage, form or acquire a broker dealer in order to post, trade or sell NFTs or other digital
assets that are securities, we will attempt to fully comply with all applicable KYC, AML and CFT compliance requirements. If, on the
other hand, we facilitate the distribution of free promotional corporate collectable NFTs that are not deemed to be securities, our compliance
requirements will be significantly less. In either event there can be no assurance that our efforts to fully comply with applicable law
will be successful. 

42 

In
determining to engage in transactions in an NFT, we will attempt to comply with all applicable laws. However, given the substantial legal
uncertainties that may be presented by those laws and given the informational constraints presented by crypto wallets we may not be successful
in our efforts. Consequently, we may be exposed to regulatory enforcement and civil or criminal sanction should a legal authority determine
that our approach is inadequate or inappropriate, as well as to claims asserting civil liability. Moreover, governmental agencies may
seek to apply laws to our NextPlat Digital business that we believe are inapplicable and may seek sanctions relating to our alleged failure
to comply with those laws. 

December
2022 Private Placement of Common Stock 

On
December 9, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors for the
sale by the Company in a private placement of 4,575,429 units, each unit comprising (i) one share of the Company s common stock,
and (ii) one warrant to purchase one share of common stock. The offering price of the units was 1.75 per unit. The warrants included
in the units are exercisable at a price of 1.75 per share and expire three years from the date of issuance. 

The
offering closed on December 14, 2022, and the Company received gross proceeds of approximately 8.0 million for the units. The Company
intends to use the proceeds from the offering for working capital needs, potential acquisitions, joint ventures, and ongoing business
transition activities. 

In
connection with the offering, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company
will prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC a registration statement to register for resale
the shares of Common Stock sold in the offering and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, within 15 calendar days and to
use its best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective as promptly as practical thereafter. 

The
securities offered and sold in the December Offering were sold in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and corresponding provisions of state securities
or blue sky laws. 

The
terms of the transaction disclosed above, including the provisions of the securities purchase agreement and registration rights agreement,
were approved by the Board of Directors and because some of the securities were offered and sold to officers and directors of the Company,
such terms were separately reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 

Investment
in Progressive Care Inc. 

On August 30, 2022, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Progressive Care, Inc. (OTCQB: RXMD) Progressive ),
which subsequently closed on September 2, 2022. We purchased a non-controlling interest with a view to enhancing our product and services
offerings. Progressive is a Florida health services organization and provider of Third-Party Administration (TPA), data management, COVID-19
related diagnostics and vaccinations, 340B contracted pharmacy services, prescription pharmaceuticals, compounded medications, provider
of tele-pharmacy services, the sale of anti-retroviral medications, medication therapy management (MTM), the supply of prescription medications
to long-term care facilities, and health practice risk management. Our Chairman, Charles Fernandez, was appointed as the Chief Executive
Officer of Progressive in November 2022 along with our Board member, Mr. Rodney Barreto, who was appointed to serve as Vice Chairman of
Progressive s board of directors. Our holdings in Progressive include preferred stock, common stock, warrants and convertible debt,
and we currently account for it using the equity method. In addition, we have extended an equity line of credit to Progressive. Through conversion
of our convertible debt and warrants as well as via securities issuances that would result from utilization of the equity line of credit,
we are able to own more than 50 of the voting equity securities of Progressive should we choose to do so. We have determined to use our
ownership of the above securities to assert control over Progressive; and we are in the process of assessing whether we should take steps
to obtain further control of Progressive and/or integrate Progressive s business with our own; or whether we should maintain it
as a separate business. 

43 

The
September 2, 2022, transaction with Progressive included the purchase of 3,000 newly issued units of securities from Progressive at a
price per Unit of 2,000 for an aggregate purchase price of 6 million (the Unit Purchase ). Each Unit consists of one share
of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of Progressive Series B Preferred Stock and one warrant to purchase a share of
Series B Preferred Stock RXMD Warrants ). 

Each
share of Series B Preferred Stock votes as a class with the common stock of Progressive Care and has 500 votes per share. Likewise, each
share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into 500 shares of Progressive common stock. In addition, the Series B Preferred Stock
has a liquidation and dividend preference. The RXMD Warrants have a five-year term, and are immediately exercisable, in whole or in part,
and contain cashless exercise provisions. Each Warrant is exercisable at 4.00 per share of Series B Preferred Stock. 

Following
the consummation of the Unit Purchase, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Charles M. Fernandez, and our board member, Rodney Barreto,
were appointed to Progressive s Board of Directors, with Mr. Fernandez appointed to serve as Chairman of Progressive s Board
of Directors and Mr. Barreto appointed to serve as a Vice Chairman of Progressive s Board of Directors. On November 11, 2022, the
Progressive Board of Directors elected Mr. Fernandez to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Care. 

In
addition, on September 2, 2022, NextPlat, Charles Fernandez, Rodney Barreto and certain other purchasers purchased from Iliad Research
and Trading, L.P. Iliad a Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 6, 2019, made by Progressive to Iliad (the
 Note ). The accrued and unpaid principal and interest under the note at the time of the purchase was approximately 2.79
million. The aggregate purchase price paid to Iliad for the Note was 2.3 Million of which NextPlat contributed 1.0 million and Messrs.
Fernandez and Barreto contributed 400,000 each (the Note Purchase ). 

In
connection with the Note Purchase, NextPlat, Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto and the other purchasers of the Note entered into a Debt Modification
Agreement with Progressive Care. Pursuant to the Debt Modification Agreement, the interest rate under the Note was reduced from 10 to
5 per annum and the maturity date was extended to May 31, 2027. In addition, the conversion price under the note was changed to 0.02
per share of Common Stock. Pursuant to the Debt Modification Agreement, NextPlat, Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto and the other purchasers
of the Note have the right, exercisable at any time, to redeem all or any portion of the Note. The Debt Modification Agreement also provides
that the Note will automatically convert upon the later to occur of: (a) the completion by Progressive of a reverse stock split, and
(b) the listing of Progressive s common stock on a national exchange. In consideration of the concessions in the Debt Modification
Agreement, Progressive issued 105,000 shares of its common stock to the purchasers
of the Note, of which NextPlat, Charles Fernandez and Rodney Barreto, received 45,653, 18,261, and 18,261 shares, respectively, in each case after giving effect to a 1-for-200 reverse stock split enacted
by Progressive Care on December 30, 2022. 

On
November 16, 2022, NextPlat Corp (NASDAQ: NXPL, NXPLW) (the Company or NextPlat entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Progressive (OTCQB: RXMD), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to purchase, from
time to time during the three year term of the SPA, up to an aggregate of 10.0 million of secured convertible debentures from Progressive
(the Debentures ). Pursuant to the SPA, all purchases of the Debentures will be made at the Company s sole election
and the proceeds from each purchase will be used by Progressive only as approved by the Company s Board of Directors. Until used,
the proceeds from each purchase of Debentures will be deposited in a controlled account. If and when the Company elects to purchase Debentures
under the SPA, the minimum principal amount that can be purchased at any time is 1.0 million. 

In
addition, at the closing of each purchase under the SPA, the Company and Progressive will enter into a Registration Rights Agreement
(each, a Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which Progressive will agree to register the shares of Progressive
common stock issuable upon conversion in full of the Debentures purchased by the Company at such closing. 

In
accordance with the form of Debenture to be used for each purchase under the SPA, each Debenture will be convertible at any time,
upon the Company s election, to shares of Progressive s common stock at a conversion price of 6.0 per share (on a
post-split bases and may be further adjusted from time to time for share dividends, share splits, reverse share splits,
etc.). In addition, each Debenture will mature on the third anniversary of its issuance and bear interest at 5.0 per annum, payable
quarterly. At the Company s election, interest can be paid in cash, shares of Progressive s common stock, or some
combination thereof. Progressive has the right to prepay the Debenture at any time provided that it gives the Company seven (7)
business days advance written notice, during which time the Company could elect to convert the Debenture to Progressive common
stock. Upon the prepayment of a Debenture, Progressive will pay the Company an amount equal to the sum of: (i) all outstanding
principal under such Debenture, plus (ii) all accrued and unpaid interest under such Debenture through the prepayment date,
multiplied by (iii) 110 . While amounts are outstanding under a Debenture, Progressive will be subject to certain restrictive
covenants, including with respect to the incurrence of indebtedness, the imposition of liens on Progressive s assets, changes
to the Progressive s organization documents, etc. 

44 

In
connection with the SPA, on November 16, 2022, the Company entered into a Security Agreement (the Security Agreement with
Progressive and its subsidiaries, Touchpoint RX, LLC, a Florida limited liability company Touchpoint ), Family Physicians
RX, Inc., a Florida corporation FPRX ), and ClearMetrX Inc., a Florida corporation ClearMetrX and collectively
with Progressive, Touchpoint and FPRX, the Borrower Parties ). Pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Borrower Parties
granted the Company a security interest in all of their respective assets to secure Progressive s obligations under the Debentures. 

January
2022 Private Placement of Common Stock 

On
December 31, 2021, after markets closed, a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement was circulated to, and
signatures were received from, certain institutional and accredited investors (the December Investors in connection with
the sale in a private placement by the Company of 2,229,950 shares of the Company s common stock (the December Offering ).
On January 2, 2022, the Company delivered to December Investors a fully executed Purchase Agreement, which was dated December 31, 2021.
The purchase price for the common stock sold in the December Offering was 3.24 per share, the closing transaction price reported by
Nasdaq on December 31, 2021. 

The
closing of the December Offering occurred on January 5, 2022. The Company received gross proceeds from the sale of the common stock in
the December Offering of approximately 7.2 million. The Company intends to use the proceeds from the December Offering for general corporate
purposes, including potential acquisitions and joint ventures. Approximately 73 of funds raised in the December Offering were secured
from existing shareholders and from the members of the Company s senior management and Board of Directors. 

In
connection with the December Offering, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement with the December Investors (the Registration
Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, the Company agreed to prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement
to register for resale the shares of the Company s common stock sold in the Offering. 

The
shares of common stock offered and sold in the December Offering were sold in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and corresponding provisions
of state securities or blue sky laws. 

The
terms of the transaction disclosed above, including the provisions of the Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement, were
approved by the Board of Directors and because some of the securities were offered and sold to officers and directors of the Company,
such terms were separately reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 

January
2022 Name Change 

On
January 18, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company with
the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada in order to change the Company s corporate name from Orbsat Corp to NextPlat Corp.
This name change was effective as of January 21, 2022. The name change was approved by the Company s stockholders at the 2021 annual
meeting of stockholders held on December 16, 2021. 

45 

Enterprise
Resource Planning System (ERP) 

On
April 1, 2022, the Company commenced its implementation of an enterprise resource planning ERP system, to replace our
legacy business applications. The new ERP platform provides better support for our changing business needs and plans for future
global growth. The project includes software, external implementation assistance, testing, training, and support. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, 19.2 or approximately 86,000 of the cost was expensed in the period incurred to SG A and 80.8 or
approximately 362,000 was capitalized and depreciated over its useful life. On January 1, 2023, the Company completed its
implementation process. 

On
June 22, 2022, the Company formed NextPlat B.V., a Netherlands limited liability company, as a wholly-owned subsidiary. At present, NextPlat
B.V., has no active operations. 

Distribution
of Our Products Through Alibaba 

On
July 13, 2021, we announced that our Global Telesat Communications GTC unit has entered into an agreement with Alibaba.com,
the B2B (Business-to-Business) e-commerce website owned and operated by Alibaba Group Holding Limited, also known as Alibaba Group (NYSE:
BABA; HKEX: 9988), a Chinese multinational technology company specializing in e-commerce, retail, internet, and technology. GTC is a
Gold-level Supplier on Alibaba.com, the world s largest Business-to-Business (B2B) e-commerce website. Under the agreement, GTC
significantly expanded its 24/7/365 e-commerce presence with the launch of its latest global storefront on Alibaba.com on which it offers
a range of satellite IoT and connectivity products. These will include our specialized satellite tracking products, some of which operate
using the Company s many ground station-based network processors and can be used to track and monitor the location of cars, trucks,
trailers, boats, containers, animals, and other remote assets. Although we currently have a limited range of products available through
the Alibaba storefront due to supply chain constrictions, we plan to ultimately have up to 500 products and connectivity services available
on Alibaba.com. The agreement will continue a year-to-year basis. 

Listing
on the Nasdaq Capital Market 

Our
shares have been listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market since May 28, 2021. Our common stock and warrants have been trading on the Nasdaq
Capital Market under the symbols NXPL and NXPLW, respectively, since January 21, 2022. Prior to January 21,
2022, our common stock and warrants were traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols OSAT and OSATW, 
respectively. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s applications of accounting
policies. Critical accounting policies for our company include the following: 

Revenue Recognition and Unearned Revenue 

The Company recognizes revenue
from satellite services when earned, as services are rendered or delivered to customers. Equipment sales revenue is recognized when the
equipment is delivered to and accepted by the customer. Only equipment sales are subject to warranty. Historically, the Company has not
incurred significant expenses for warranties. Equipment sales which have been prepaid, before the goods are shipped are recorded as contract
liabilities and once shipped is recognized as revenue. The Company also records as contract liabilities, certain annual plans for airtime,
which are paid in advance. Once airtime services are incurred, they are recognized as revenue. Unbilled revenue is recognized for airtime
plans whereby the customer is invoiced for its data usage the following month after services are incurred. 

The Company s customers
generally purchase a combination of our products and services as part of a multiple element arrangement. The Company s assessment
of which revenue recognition guidance is appropriate to account for each element in an arrangement can involve significant judgment. This
assessment has a significant impact on the amount and timing of revenue recognition. 

The Company recognizes revenue
when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which we expect to receive
in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that the Company determines are within the
scope of ASC 606, we perform the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations
in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract;
and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) we satisfy a performance obligation. The five-step model is applied to contracts when it is probable
that we will collect the consideration we are entitled to in exchange for the goods or services transferred to the customer. At contract
inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, we assess the goods or services promised within each contract
and determine those that are performance obligations and assess whether each promised good or service is distinct. We then recognize revenue
in the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation
is satisfied. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

Stock-based
compensation is accounted for based on the requirements of the Share-Based Payment Topic of ASC 718 which requires recognition in the
consolidated financial statements of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
over the period the employee or director is required to perform the services in exchange for the award (presumptively, the vesting period).
The ASC also requires measurement of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for an award based on the grant-date
fair value of the award. 

In June 2018, the FASB issued
ASU 2018-07, Compensation Stock Compensation. (Topic 718). This update is intended to reduce cost and complexity and to improve
financial reporting for share-based payments issues to non-employees (for example, service providers, external legal counsel, suppliers,
etc.). The ADU expands the scope of ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation, which currently only includes share-based payments issued
to employees, also includes share-based payments issues to non-employees for goods and services. Consequently, the accounting for share-based
payment to non-employees and employees will be substantially aligned. This standard will be effective for the financial statements issues
by public companies for the annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption of the standard is permitted.
The standard will be applied in a retrospective approach for each period presented. Management adopted this standard on January 1, 2019. 

The Company estimated the fair value of stock options granted using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing formula. This fair value is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of
the awards, which is generally the vesting period. The Company s determination of the fair value using the option-pricing model
is affected by the stock price as well as assumptions regarding the number of highly subjective variables. 

46 

Use
of Estimates 

In
preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities as of the date of the statements of financial condition, and revenues and expenses for the years then ended.
Actual results may differ significantly from those estimates. Significant estimates made by management include, but are not limited to, the assumptions used to calculate stock-based
compensation, and common stock and options issued for services, receivables, the useful lives of property and equipment, and intangible
assets, the estimate of the fair value of the lease liability and related right of use assets and the estimates of the valuation allowance
on deferred tax assets. 

Effect
of Exchange Rate on Results 

The
Company s reporting currency is U.S. Dollars. The accounts of one of the Company s subsidiaries, GTC, is maintained using
the appropriate local currency, Great British Pound, as the functional currency. All assets and liabilities are translated into U.S.
Dollars at balance sheet date, shareholders equity is translated at historical rates and revenue and expense accounts are translated
at the average exchange rate for the year or the reporting period. The translation adjustments are reported as a separate component of
stockholders equity, captioned as accumulated other comprehensive (loss) gain. Transaction gains and losses arising from exchange
rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in the statements of operations. 

The
relevant translation rates are as follows: for the year ended December 31, 2022, closing rate at 1 . 2098 US : GBP, yearly average
rate at 1.2369 US : GBP for the year ended December 31, 2021, closing rate at 1 . 3534 US : GBP, yearly average rate at 1.3750 US :
GBP 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, GTC represents 72.5 of total company sales and as such, currency rate variances have an impact on
results. The net effect on revenues were impacted by the differences in exchange rate from yearly average exchange of 1.2369 to 1.3751.
Had the yearly average rate remained, sales would have been higher by approximately 953,000. GTC comparable sales in GBP, its home currency,
increased 77.9 or approximately 3.0 million, from approximately 3.9 million to approximately 6.9 million for the
year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to December 31, 2021. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, GTC represents 68.8 of total company sales and as such, currency rate variances have an impact on
results. The net effect on revenues were impacted by the differences in exchange rate from yearly average exchange of 1.2866 to 1.3750.
Had the yearly average rate remained, sales would have been lower by approximately 459,000. GTC comparable sales in GBP, its home currency,
increased 34.0 or 984,000, from 2.9 million to 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to
December 31, 2020. 

Results
of Operations 

Net
Revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, revenues generated were
approximately 11.7 million and approximately 7.7 million, an increase of approximately 4.0 million or 51.3 . Revenues were derived
primarily from the sales of satellite phones, locator beacons, IoT GPS trackers, terminals, accessories and additional and recurring airtime
plans. Comparable sales for Orbital Satcom Corp increased to approximately 3.2 million from approximately 2.4 million or an increase
of approximately 825,000 or 34.2 . Comparable sales for GTC increased to approximately 8.5 million from approximately 5.3 million,
or an increase of approximately 3.2 million or approximately 60.1 . The overall sales increase is attributable to increased sales through
Amazon storefronts and product selections, which constituted 54.3 and 63.6 of our total sales for the years ended December 31, 2022,
and 2021, respectively. 

47 

Approximately
54.3 of our products are sold on Amazon and are subject to Amazon s terms of service and various other Amazon seller policies
that apply to third parties selling products on Amazon s marketplace. Amazon s terms of service provide, among other things,
that it may terminate or suspend its agreement with any seller or any of its services being provided to a seller at any time and for
any reason. In addition, if Amazon determines that any seller s actions or performance, including ours, may result in violations
of its terms or policies, or create other risks to Amazon or to third parties, then Amazon may in its sole discretion withhold any payments
owed for as long as Amazon determines any related risk to Amazon or to third parties persist. Further, if Amazon determines that any
seller s, including our, accounts have been used to engage in deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, or that such accounts
have repeatedly violated its policies, then Amazon may in its sole discretion permanently withhold any payments owed. In addition, Amazon
in its sole discretion may suspend a seller account and product listings if Amazon determines that a seller has engaged in conduct that
violates any of its policies. Any limitation or restriction on our ability to sell on Amazon s platform could have a material impact
on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. We also rely on services provided by Amazon s fulfillment
platform which provides for expedited shipping to the consumer, an important aspect in the buying decision for consumers. Any inability
to market our products for sale with delivery could have a material impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition
and prospects. Failure to remain compliant with the fulfillment practices on Amazon s platform could have a material impact on
our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Cost
of Sales. During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, cost of sales increased
to approximately 9.2 million compared to approximately 5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of approximately
 3.3 million or 56.8 . We expect our cost of revenues to increase during fiscal 2023 and beyond, as we expand our operations and begin
generating additional revenues under our current business. However, we are unable at this time, to estimate the amount of the expected
increases. Gross profit margins during the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were 21.2 and 24.0 , respectively. The decrease in
margin was attributable due to significant increases in the cost of inventory and freight, an increase in sales to distributors which
attract lower percentage profits, as well as, selling some items at a discounted rate to charities for use in Ukraine. 

Operating
Expenses. Total operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 9.7 million, an increase of approximately
 1.2 million, or 14.7 , from total operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021, of approximately 8.5 million. Factors contributing
to the increase are described below. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses were approximately 5.1 million for both years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Stock based compensation decreased approximately 785,000 which was offset by increases in information technology expense, insurance,
rent, marketing, travel and variable expenses which increase with sales. 

Salaries,
wages and payroll taxes were approximately 2.6 million and 1.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively,
representing an increase of approximately 726,000, or 39.5 . The increase is a result of executive management additions and an increase
in personnel. 

Professional
fees were approximately 1.6 million and 1.2 million for the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, representing an increase of approximately 354,000 or 29.6 . The increase in professional fees were
primarily due to an increase in legal, accounting and public company expenses of approximately 479,000, an increase in director fees
of approximately 99,000, associated with the two additional independent directors offset by a reduction to the current director fee structure,
decrease in other professional fees of approximately 224,000, related to capital raising efforts. 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses were approximately 490,000 and 317,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
representing an increase of approximately 173,000, or 54.5 . The increase was attributable to fixed asset additions. 

We
expect our expenses in each of these areas to continue to increase during fiscal 2023 and beyond as we expand our operations and begin
generating additional revenues under our current business. However, we are unable at this time to estimate the amount of the expected
increases. 

Total
Other (Income) Expense. Our total other expenses were approximately 132,000 and 1.5 million during
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, representing a decrease of approximately 1.4 million or 91.1 . The decrease
was attributable to the Company s decrease in interest expense of approximately 1.4 million related to convertible notes payable. 

48 

Net
Loss Before Income Tax Equity of Affiliate . We recorded a net loss before income tax and equity net loss of affiliate of
approximately 7.3 million and 8.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase is a result of
the factors as described above. 

Provision
for Income Taxes and Income Tax Expense . For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded income tax expense
of 87,000 and 0, respectively. 

Equity
in Net Losses of Affiliate. We recorded a net loss in equity of affiliate of approximately 1.7 million for the year ended December
31, 2022. See Note 7 Equity Method Investment in Progressive Care Inc. and Subsidiaries. For the year ended December 31, 2021,
there were no losses or income. 

Net
Loss . We recorded net loss of approximately 9.2 million and 8.1 million, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The increase is a result of the factors as described above. 

Comprehensive
Loss . We recorded a (loss) gain for foreign currency translation adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 of approximately 44,000) and 46,000, respectively. The fluctuations of the increase/decrease are primarily attributable to exchange rate variances.
Comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was approximately 9.2 million and 8.1 million, respectively. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Since
inception, we have incurred and continue to incur significant losses from operations. Historically, cash flow from operations has not
been sufficient to further the growth of the Company s core business. The combined proceeds from the June 2021 Offering of approximately
 16.6 million, January 2022 Offering of approximately 7.2 million and December 2022 Offering of approximately 8.0 million provide sufficient
cash resources for the Company to meet its operating needs. Furthermore, the available cash resources permit investment to expand existing
business, investments in expanding our e-commerce platforms, and the development of digital asset initiatives. Should these initiatives
and results from operations not prove successful, we will need to raise additional capital through debt facilities, and/or public or
private equity or debt financings to continue operations. The Company can provide no assurance as to the successful conclusion of the
financings. 

Liquidity
is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise
operate on an ongoing basis. At December 31, 2022, we had a cash balance of approximately 18.9 million and working capital is
approximately 19.2 million. We reported a net increase in cash for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to December 31,
2021, of approximately 1.6 million primarily as a result of net cash proceeds received from the January 2022 and December 2022
Offering, and offset by the investment in Progressive Care, Inc. during the third quarter of 2022. 

We
believe that our existing working capital and our future cash flows from operating activities will provide sufficient cash to enable
us to meet our operating needs for the next twelve months. 

Our
current assets on December 31, 2022, increased 9.3 to approximately 21.2 million, from approximately 19.4 million or an increase of
approximately 1.8 million, from December 31, 2021. The increases included cash of approximately 1.6 million, net accounts receivable
of approximately 34,000, inventory of approximately 267,000, unbilled revenue of 41,000, offset by decreases in VAT receivable of
approximately 59,000, prepaid expenses current portion of approximately 51,000, and other current assets of approximately 49,000. 

Our
current liabilities on December 31, 2022, decreased to approximately 2.1
million from 2.8 million for a decrease of approximately 722,000, or 26.0 from December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily related
to the stock subscription payable of approximately 1.4 million, applied towards the January 5, 2022, private placement of common stock,
of approximately 7.2 million. 

49 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash flows used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to approximately 3.6 million and were attributable
to our net loss of approximately 9.2 million, offset by depreciation expense of approximately 465,000, amortization of intangible asset
of approximately 25,000, right of use asset of approximately 106,000, write-off of website development costs of approximately 43,000,
share of loss from equity method investment of approximately 1.7 million, stock-based compensation related to the fair value of options
granted of approximately 823,000, and stock-based compensation related to issuance of restricted stock awards of approximately 2.2
million. Changes in operating assets and liabilities were reflected by increases in accounts receivable of approximately 34,000, unbilled
revenue of approximately 41,000, inventory of approximately 267,000, lease liabilities of approximately 101,000, contract liabilities
of 350, and offset by increases in prepaid and other current assets of approximately 101,000, VAT receivable of approximately 59,000,
provision for income taxes of approximately 37,000, and accounts payable and accrued expenses of approximately 455,000. 

Net
cash flows used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 amounted to approximately 4.1 million and were attributable
to our net loss of approximately 8.1 million and gain from debt extinguishment of approximately 21,000, offset by depreciation and
amortization expense of approximately 317,000, right of use asset of approximately 33,000, amortization of intangible asset of approximately
 25,000, amortization of debt discount of convertible debt of approximately 1,4 million, stock-based compensation related to the fair
value of options granted of approximately 1.3 million and stock-based compensation related to issuance of restricted stock awards of
approximately 2.5 million. Changes in operating assets and liabilities were reflected by increases in accounts receivable of approximately
 173,000, unbilled revenue of approximately 25,000, inventory of approximately 658,000, prepaid and other current assets of approximately
 166,000, VAT receivable of approximately 491,000, and lease liabilities of approximately 33,000, and offset by increases in accounts
payable and accrued expenses of approximately 11,000, provision for income taxes of approximately 38,000, and contract liabilities
of 61. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash flows used in investing activities were approximately 7.7 million and 229,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021,
respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased equipment, capitalized software and website development for approximately
 716,000. On September 2, 2022, we purchased an equity method investment of 7,000,000, see Note 7. For the year ended December 31, 2021,
we purchased equipment, capitalized software and website development for approximately 229,000. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash flows provided by financing activities were approximately 13.0 million and 20.8 million for the years ended December 31,
2022, and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net proceeds from the January 2022 Offering of
approximately 5.6 million, and the December 2022 Offering of approximately 7.5 million, which was offset by repayments from;
coronavirus loan of approximately 60,000 and repayments to related party payable of approximately 7,000. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, we had proceeds from convertible notes payable of 350,000, the June 2021 Offering of approximately 14.1
million, warrant exercise of approximately 4.6 million, and over-allotments of common stock and warrants of approximately 2.0
million, proceeds from options exercise of 5,000, which was offset by repayments from notes payable for approximately 122,000,
coronavirus loan of approximately 28,000 and repayments to related party payable of approximately 67,000. 

Recent
Financing Activities 

January
2022 Private Placement of Common Stock 

On
December 31, 2021, after markets closed, a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement was circulated to, and
signatures were received from, certain institutional and accredited investors (the December Investors in connection with
the sale in a private placement by the Company of 2,229,950 shares of the Company s common stock (the December Offering ).
On January 2, 2022, the Company delivered to December Investors a fully executed Purchase Agreement, which was dated December 31, 2021.
The purchase price for the common stock sold in the December Offering was 3.24 per share, the closing transaction price reported by
Nasdaq on December 31, 2021. 

50 

The
closing of the December Offering occurred on January 5, 2022. The Company received gross proceeds from the sale of the common stock in
the December Offering of approximately 7.2 million. The Company intends to use the proceeds from the December Offering for general corporate
purposes, including potential acquisitions and joint ventures. Approximately 73 of funds raised in the December Offering were secured
from existing shareholders and from the members of the Company s senior management and Board of Directors. 

In
connection with the December Offering, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement with the December Investors (the Registration
Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, the Company agreed to prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement
to register for resale the shares of the Company s common stock sold in the Offering. 

The
shares of common stock offered and sold in the December Offering were sold in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and corresponding provisions
of state securities or blue sky laws. 

The
terms of the transaction disclosed above, including the provisions of the Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement, were
approved by the Board of Directors and because some of the securities were offered and sold to officers and directors of the Company,
such terms were separately reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 

December
2022 Private Placement of Common Stock 

On
December 9, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors for the
sale by the Company in a private placement of 4,575,429 units, each unit comprising (i) one share of the Company s common stock,
and (ii) one warrant to purchase one share of common stock. The offering price of the units was 1.75 per unit. The warrants included
in the units are exercisable at a price of 1.75 per share and expire three years from the date of issuance. 

The
offering closed on December 14, 2022, and the Company received gross proceeds of approximately 8.0 million for the units. The Company
intends to use the proceeds from the offering for working capital needs, potential acquisitions, joint ventures, and ongoing business
transition activities. 

In
connection with the offering, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company
will prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC a registration statement to register for resale
the shares of Common Stock sold in the offering and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, within 15 calendar days and to
use its best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective as promptly as practical thereafter. 

The
securities offered and sold in the December Offering were sold in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and corresponding provisions of state securities
or blue sky laws. 

The
terms of the transaction disclosed above, including the provisions of the securities purchase agreement and registration rights agreement,
were approved by the Board of Directors and because some of the securities were offered and sold to officers and directors of the Company,
such terms were separately reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 

Investment
in Progressive Care Inc. 

On
September 2, 2022, we closed a transaction with Progressive, pursuant to which we purchased 3,000 newly issued units of securities from
Progressive (the Units at a price per Unit of 2,000 for an aggregate purchase price of 6.0 million (the Unit Purchase ).
Each Unit consists of one share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of Progressive Series B Preferred Stock and one
warrant to purchase a share of Series B Preferred Stock RXMD Warrants ). 

51 

Each
share of Series B Preferred Stock votes as a class with the common stock
of Progressive and has 500 votes per share. Likewise, each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into 500 shares of Progressive
common stock. In addition, the Series B Preferred Stock has a liquidation and dividend preference. The RXMD Warrants have a five-year
term, and are immediately exercisable, in whole or in part, and contain cashless exercise provisions. Each Warrant is exercisable at 2,000
per share of Series B Preferred Stock. 

Following
the consummation of the Unit Purchase, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Charles M. Fernandez, and our board member, Rodney Barreto,
were appointed to Progressive s Board of Directors, with Mr. Fernandez appointed to serve as Chairman of Progressive s Board
of Directors and Mr. Barreto appointed to serve as a Vice Chairman of Progressive s Board of Directors. On November 11, 2022, the
Progressive Board of Directors elected Mr. Fernandez to serve as the Progressive s Chief Executive Officer. 

In
addition, on September 2, 2022, NextPlat, Charles Fernandez, Rodney Barreto and certain other purchasers purchased from Iliad Research
and Trading, L.P. Iliad a Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 6, 2019, made by Progressive to Iliad (the
 Note ). The accrued and unpaid principal and interest under the note at the time of the purchase was approximately 2.79
million. The aggregate purchase price paid to Iliad for the Note was 2.3 Million of which NextPlat contributed 1.0 million and Messrs.
Fernandez and Barreto contributed 400,000 each (the Note Purchase ). 

In
connection with the Note Purchase, NextPlat, Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto
and the other purchasers of the Note entered into a Debt Modification Agreement with Progressive. Pursuant to the Debt Modification Agreement,
the interest rate under the Note was reduced from 10 to 5 per annum and the maturity date was extended to May 31, 2027. In addition,
the conversion price under the note was changed to 0.02 per share of Common Stock. Pursuant to the Debt Modification Agreement, NextPlat,
Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto and the other purchasers of the Note have the right, exercisable at any time, to redeem all or any portion
of the Note. The Debt Modification Agreement also provides that the Note will automatically convert upon the later to occur of: (a) the
completion by Progressive Care of a reverse stock split, and (b) the listing of Progressive s common stock on a national exchange.
In consideration of the concessions in the Debt Modification Agreement, Progressive issued 105,000 shares of its common stock to the purchasers
of the Note, of which NextPlat, Charles Fernandez and Rodney Barreto, received 45,653, 18,261, and 18,261 shares, respectively, in each case after giving effect to a 1-for-200 reverse stock split enacted
by Progressive Care on December 30, 2022. 

Off-balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have not entered into any other financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties.
We have not entered any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified as stockholder s equity or that are
not reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred
to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Consistent
with the rules applicable to Smaller Reporting Companies we have omitted information required by this Item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Consolidated
Financial Statements and supplementary data, together with the report of RBSM LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, are
included in Part IV (see pages F-1 through F-33) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item
9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Not
applicable. 

52 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Management s
Conclusions Regarding Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures. 

Based
on management s evaluation (with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO)), as
of the end of the period covered by this report, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)), are effective to provide
reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Inherent
Limitations on Controls. 

Management,
including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all errors and fraud. Any
control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to
errors or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. The
design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures
that: (a) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions
of assets; (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of our management and Board of Directors; and (c) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Our internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer or persons performing similar functions to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on this assessment our management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial
reporting is effective under those criteria. 

Changes
in internal control over financial reporting. 

There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to rules from the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

53 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III. 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within
120 days after December 31, 2022, in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders
(the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until their earlier
resignation or removal from office in accordance with our bylaws. The Board of Directors shall not appoint any new members or vote to
increase its size in the absence of the written consent of Mr. Phipps. The Board of Directors appoints officers who serve their terms
of office at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

No
director is related to any other director or executive officer of our Company or our subsidiaries, and there are no arrangements or understandings
between a director and any other person pursuant to which such person was elected as director. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 Documents
 filed as part of this report. 

(1)
 
 Financial
 Statements. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, which appears on page F-1 hereof. The financial statements listed in
 the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements are filed herewith in response to this Item. 

(2)
 
 Financial
 Statements Schedules. None. 

54 

(3)
 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

1.1 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement dated December 9, 2022, by and between the Company and Dawson James Securities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 13, 2022). 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2014). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2014). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2016). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Change to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 28, 2021). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 20, 2022). 

3.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 20, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Description of NextPlat Corp s Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 

4.2 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on April 7, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant Agent Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on April 7, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on April 7, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement issued in offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 13, 2022) 

4.6 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant Agreement issued in offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 13, 2022) 

10.1 
 
 Form 7 Convertible Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Form Note Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021). 

10.3 + 
 
 David Phipps Employment Agreement (Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021). 

10.4 + 
 
 Thomas Seifert Employment Agreement (Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021). 

10.5 + 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 31, 2021). 

10.6 
 
 Form Note Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 4, 2020). 

10.7 
 
 Form 6 Convertible Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 4, 2020). 

10.8 
 
 Debenture by and among Global Telesat Communications LTD and HSBC UK BANK PLC, dated July 16, 2020 (Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2020). 

10.9 
 
 Coronavirus Business Interruption Loan Agreement by and among Global Telesat Communications LTD and HSBC UK BANK PLC, dated July 16, 2020 (Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2020). 

10.10 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement by and among the Company and the lenders set forth on the lender schedule to the Note Purchase Agreement dated August 21, 2020 (incorporated by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 27, 2020). 

55 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

10.11 
 
 Form of Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2019) 

10.12 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note by and between Orbital Tracking Corp. and Power Up Ltd., dated January 14, 2019. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 17, 2019). 

10.13 
 
 Form of Share Note Exchange Agreement by and between Orbital Tracking Corp and certain holders of the Company s preferred stock. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6, 2019). 

10.14 
 
 Form of 6 Promissory Note dated April 30, 2019, by and between Orbital Tracking Corp and certain holders of the Company s preferred stock. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6, 2019). 

10.15 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement by and among the Company and the lenders set forth on the lender schedule to the Note Purchase Agreement dated May 13, 2019. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2019). 

10.16 
 
 Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement by and among the Company and the lenders set forth on the lender schedule to the Note Purchase Agreement dated May 13, 2019. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2019). 

10.17 
 
 Form 7 Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021). 

10.18 
 
 Form Note Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021). 

10.19 + 
 
 David Phipps Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021). 

10.20 + 
 
 Thomas Seifert Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021). 

10.21 + 
 
 Form Fernandez Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Amendment No.4 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 25, 2021, File No. 333-253027). 

10.22 + 
 
 Fernandez Employment Agreement, dated May 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Amendment No.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 25, 2021, File No. 333-253027). 

10.23 + 
 
 Fernandez Employment Agreement, dated June 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021). 

10.24 + 
 
 Form of Director Offer Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on April 7, 2021). 

10.25 
 
 Form of Maxim Lockup Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Underwriting Agreement filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 28, 2021). 

10.26 + 
 
 Hector Delgado Independent Director Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 7, 2021). 

10.27 + 
 
 Louis Cusimano Independent Director Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 7, 2021). 

10.28 + 
 
 John E. Miller Independent Director Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 7, 2021). 

10.29 + 
 
 Kendall W. Carpenter Independent Director Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 7, 2021). 

56 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

10.30 + 
 
 David Phipps Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 7, 2021). 

10.31 + 
 
 Thomas Seifert Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 7, 2021). 

10.32 + 
 
 Sarwar Uddin Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021). 

10.33 + 
 
 Theresa Carlise Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021). 

10.34 
 
 Alibaba.com Supplemental Services Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021). 

10.35 
 
 Alibaba.com Transaction Services Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021). 

10.36 
 
 Alibaba.com Terms of Use (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021). 

10.37 + 
 
 Amendment No. 1 Employment Agreement, dated August 7, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Charles M. Fernandez (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021). 

10.38 + 
 
 Amendment No. 1 Employment Agreement, dated August 7, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and David Phipps (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021). 

10.39 + 
 
 Amendment No. 1 Employment Agreement, dated August 7, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Sarwar Uddin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021). 

10.40 + 
 
 Amendment No. 1 Employment Agreement, dated August 7, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Theresa Carlise (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021). 

10.41 + 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 24, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Douglas S. Ellenoff (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022). 

10.42 + 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 24, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Paul R. Thomson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 30, 2021). 

10.43 + 
 
 Stock Option Agreement, dated August 24, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Douglas Ellenoff (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Quarterly Report filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021). 

57 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

10.44 + 
 
 Restricted
 Stock Award Agreement, dated August 24, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Douglas Ellenoff (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.11 to the Company s Quarterly Report filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021). 

10.45 + 
 
 Stock
 Option Agreement, dated August 24, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Paul R. Thomson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12
 to the Company s Quarterly Report filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021). 

10.46 + 
 
 Restricted
 Stock Award Agreement, dated August 24, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Paul R. Thomson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.13 to the Company s Quarterly Report filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021). 

10.47 + 
 
 Amended
 and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 

10.48 + 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 Employment Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Paul R. Thomson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2021). 

10.49 + 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Andrew Cohen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2021). 

10.50 + 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Andrew Cohen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 

10.51 + 
 
 Stock Option Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Andrew Cohen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 

10.52 + 
 
 Amendment
 No. 2 Employment Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Theresa Carlise (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2021). 

10.53 + 
 
 Director
 Services Agreement, dated January 11, 2022, between Orbsat Corp and Rodney Barreto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2022). 

10.54 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2021, by and among Orbsat Corp and the Investors (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022). 

10.55 
 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement dated as of December 31, 2021, by and among Orbsat Corp and the Investors (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit A of Exhibit 10.54 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

10.56 + 
 
 Orbsat
 Corp Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021). 

10.57 + 
 
 Orbsat
 Corp 2021 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on December 22, 2021). 

10.58 + 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Andrew Cohen. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2021). 

10.59 + 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 Employment Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Paul R. Thomson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2021). 

10.60 + 
 
 Amendment
 No. 2 Employment Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Theresa Carlise. (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2021). 

58 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

10.61 + 
 
 Form
 of Indemnity Agreement, , by and between Orbsat Corp and Douglas Ellenoff entered into on November 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit B of Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022). 

10.62 + 
 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement by and between Orbsat Corp and Douglas Ellenoff entered into on November 18, 2021 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit A of Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022).. 

10.63 + 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated December 18, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Charles M. Fernandez (275,000 shares of restricted stock) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 

10.64 + 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated December 18, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Charles M. Fernandez (101,000 shares of restricted stock) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 

10.65 + 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated December 18, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and David Phipps (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 

10.66 + 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement between the Company and each of Paul R Thomson (10,000 shares) and Theresa Carlise (15,000 shares), entered into in December 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 

10.67 + 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement between the Company and each of Kendall Carpenter, Louis Cusimano, Hector Delgado and John E. Miller, entered into in December 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 

10.68 + 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement between Orbsat Corp and each of Charles M. Fernandez (75,000 shares), Paul R Thomson (10,000 shares) and Theresa Carlise (15,000 shares), entered into in December 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 

10.69 + 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, by and between Orbsat Corp and Rodney Barreto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 

10.70 + 
 
 Amendment No. 1 Employment Agreement, dated May 2, 2022, by and between NextPlat Corp and Andrew Cohen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 15, 2022). 

10.71 + 
 
 Stock Option Agreement, dated July 1, 2022, by and between NextPlat Corp and Charles M. Fernandez (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 15, 2022). 

10.72 + 
 
 Restricted Stock Agreement, dated July 22, 2022, by and between NextPlat Corp and Charles M. Fernandez (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 15, 2022). 

10.73 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 30, 2022, by and between NextPlat and Progressive Care Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 1, 2022) 

10.74 
 
 Confidential Note Purchase and Release Agreement, dated August 30, 2022, by and between the Company, Progressive Care, Iliad Research and Trading, L.P., PharmCo, L.L.C., Charles Fernandez, Rodney Barreto, Daniyel Erdberg, and Sixth Borough Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 1, 2022). 

10.75 
 
 Debt Modification Agreement dated August 30, 2022, by and between the Company, Progressive Care, Charles Fernandez, Rodney Barreto, Daniyel Erdberg, and Sixth Borough Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 1, 2022). 

59 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

10.76 + 
 
 Director Services Agreement dated as of September 28, 2022, by and between the Company and M. Cristina Fernandez (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on October 5, 2022). 

10.77 + 
 
 Stock Option Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2022, by and between the Company and M. Cristina Fernandez (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on October 5, 2022). 

10.78 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 16, 2022, by and between NextPlat and Progressive Care Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022). 

10.79 
 
 Form of Debenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022). 

10.80 
 
 Security Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2022, by Progressive Care, Inc., Touchpoint RX, LLC, Family Physicians RX, Inc., and ClearMetrX Inc. in favor of NextPlat Corp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022). 

10.81 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022). 

10.82 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of November 7, 2022, by and between the Company and Robert Bedwell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022). 

10.83 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2022, by and between the Company and Paul Thomson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022). 

10.84 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2022, by and between the Company and Cecile Munnik (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022). 

10.85 + 
 
 Stock Option Agreement dated December 5, 2022, and effective as of November 7, 2022, by and between the Company and Robert Bedwell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K Filed on December 5, 2022). 

10.86 + 
 
 Stock Option Agreement dated December 5, 2022, and effective as of November 14, 2022, by and between the Company and Cecile Munnik (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K Filed on December 5, 2022). 

10.87 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 9, 2022, by and among the Company and the Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 13, 2022). 

10.88 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated December 9, 2022, by and among the Company and the Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 13, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of NextPlat Corp 

23.1 
 
 Consent of RBSM LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.ins 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.sch 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Schema Document 

101.cal 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Document 

101.def 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Linkbase Document 

101.lab 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 

101.pre 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) 
 Schedules
 have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule will be furnished supplementally to
 the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request; provided, however that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant
 to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any schedule or exhibit so furnished. 

Filed herewith. 

 +
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

60 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 NEXTPLAT
 CORP 

By:
 
 /s/
 Charles M. Fernandez 

Charles
 M. Fernandez 

Title:
 Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

By:
 
 /s/
 Cecile Munnik 

Cecile
 Munnik 

Title:
 Chief Financial Officer, (Principal Financial Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following person on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Charles M. Fernandez 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Executive Chairman 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Charles
 M. Fernandez 
 
 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

/s/ Cecile Munnik 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Cecile Munnik 

/s/
 David Phipps 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer of Global Operations 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 David
 Phipps 

/s/
 Paul R Thomson 
 
 Senior
 Vice President Mergers, Acquisitions and Special Projects 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Paul
 R Thomson 

/s/
 Theresa Carlise 
 
 Chief
 Accounting Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Theresa
 Carlise 
 
 (Principal
Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Robert Bedwell 
 
 Chief
 Compliance Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Robert
 Bedwell 

/s/
 Douglas S. Ellenoff 
 
 Vice
 Chairman and Chief Business Development Strategist 

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Douglas
 Ellenoff 

/s/
 Hector Delgado 
 
 Director

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Hector
 Delgado 

/s/
 Kendall W. Carpenter 
 
 Director

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Kendall
 Carpenter 

/s/
 Louis Cusimano 
 
 Director

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Louis
 Cusimano 

/s/
 John E. Miller 
 
 Director

March
 31, 2023 
 
 John
 E. Miller 

/s/
 Rodney Barreto 
 
 Director

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Rodney
 Barreto 

/s/
 Maria Cristina Fernandez 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Maria
 Cristina Fernandez 

61 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , (PCAOB ID. 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 NextPlat
Corp and Subsidiaries 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NextPlat Corp and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Equity
Method Investment Refer to Notes 7 to the consolidated financial statements 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described in Note 7, on August 30, 2022 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Progressive
Care, Inc. Progressive ), which subsequently closed on September 2, 2022. 

As
a result of the SPA and related transactions, the Company paid an aggregate of 7,000,000 for an economic and voting interest in Progressive
of 32.47 . 

F- 2 

Subsequent
to September 2, 2022, the Company s ownership interest decreased to 31.89 and as of December 31, 2022, the board seats, combined
with the Company s ownership interest of 33.47 provide the Company with significant influence over Progressive, but not a controlling
interest. Since Progressive does not depend on the Company for continuing financial support to maintain operations as of December 31,
2022, the Company has determined that Progressive is not a variable interest entity, and therefore, the Company is not required to determine
the primary beneficiary of Progressive for potential consolidation. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. 

These
 procedures included, among others, (i) testing management s process for determining the accounting treatment of the investment;
 (ii) and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used to record the investment and recognize a gain or loss
 on the investment. 

Evaluating,
 testing and relying on Progressive s financial data from the date of the investment to December 31, 2022. 

Professionals
 with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the appropriate accounting treatment of the investment. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
 2014. 

March
 31, 2023 
 PCAOB
 ID Number 587 

F- 3 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 Assets 

Cash 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Inventory 

Unbilled
 revenue 

VAT
 receivable 

Prepaid
 expenses current portion 

Other
 current assets 
 - 

Total
 Current Assets 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Right
 of use assets, net 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Equity
 method investment 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid
 expenses long term portion 

Total Other Assets 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Contract
 liabilities 

Note
 payable Coronavirus loans current portion 

Due
 to related party 

Operating
 lease liabilities - current 

Income taxes payable 

Stock
 subscription payable 
 - 

Liabilities
 from discontinued operations 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Long
 Term Liabilities: 

Notes
 payable Coronavirus long term 

Operating
 lease liabilities long term 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Preferred
 stock, par value; shares authorized) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
stock, par
value; shares
authorized, and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021,
respectively) 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive (loss) income 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net
 sales 

Cost
 of sales 

Gross
 profit 

Operating
 expenses: 

Selling,
 general and administrative 

Salaries,
 wages and payroll taxes 

Professional
 fees 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 (income) expense: 

Interest
 earned 

Interest
 expense 

Foreign
 currency exchange rate variance 

Gain
 on debt extinguishment 
 - 

Total
 other expense 

Loss
 before provision for income taxes 

Provision
 for income taxes 
 
 - 

Loss before equity in net loss of affiliate 

Equity
 in net loss of affiliate 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 

Comprehensive
 loss: 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive
 loss 

NET
 LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO STOCKHOLDERS 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding basic diluted 

Basic
 and diluted net (loss) per share 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 

0.0001
 Par Value 
 Paid
 in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 

Balance,
 January 1, 2021 

Issuance
 of common stock from convertible debt 

- 
 
 Beneficial
 conversion feature of convertible debt 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of common stock for options exercised 

- 
 
 Issuance
 of common stock from exercise of warrant 

- 
 
 Issuance
 of common stock related to June offering 

- 
 
 Issuance
 of common for over-allotment 

- 
 
 Issuance
 of warrants for over-allotment 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation in connection with options granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation in connection with restricted stock awards 

- 
 
 Comprehensive
 gain 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Issuance
 of common stock related to January offering 

- 
 
 Issuance
 of common stock related to December offering 

- 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation in connection with restricted stock awards 

- 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation in connection with options granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Comprehensive
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Comprehensive 
 Stockholders 

Income
 (Loss) 
 Equity 

Balance,
 January 1, 2021 

Issuance
 of common stock from convertible debt 
 - 

Beneficial
 conversion feature of convertible debt 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for options exercised 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock from exercise of warrant 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock related to June offering 
 - 

Issuance
 of common for over-allotment 
 - 

Issuance
 of warrants for over-allotment 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation in connection with options granted 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation in connection with restricted stock awards 
 - 

Comprehensive
 gain 

Net
 loss 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Issuance
 of common stock related to January offering 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock related to December offering 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation in connection with restricted stock awards 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation in connection with options granted 
 - 

Comprehensive
 loss 

Net
 loss 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Years Ended December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation
 expense 

Amortization
 of intangible asset 

Amortization
 of right of use asset 

Write-off of website development cost 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization
 of debt discount, net 
 - 

Share
 of loss from equity method investment 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation in connection with restricted stock awards 

Stock-based
 compensation in connection with options granted 

Gain
 on debt extinguishment 
 - 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventory 

Unbilled
 revenue 

Prepaid
 expense 

VAT
 receivable 

Other
 current assets 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Provision
 for income taxes 

Contract
 liabilities 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase
 of property and equipment 

Purchase
 of equity method investment 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase
 of Netherlands subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds
 from (repayments to) related party, net 

Proceeds
 from (repayments to) note payable Coronavirus loans 

Proceeds from exercise
 of options 
 - 

Proceeds
 from common stock offering 
 - 

Proceeds
 from common over-allotment 
 - 

Proceeds
 from warrants over-allotment 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise
 of warrant 
 - 

Gross proceeds from common stock offering January 2022 

Gross proceeds from common stock offering December 2022 
 
 - 
 
 (Payment) of stock issuance costs 

Proceeds
 from (repayments to) convertible notes payable 
 - 

(Repayments
 to) proceeds from line of credit 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Effect
 of exchange rate on cash 

Net
 increase in cash 

Cash
 beginning of year 

Cash
 end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash
 paid during the year for 

Interest 

Income
 tax 

NON-CASH
 FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES DURING THE YEAR 

Beneficial
 conversion feature on convertible debt 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock from convertible debt 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 8 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of its common stock, and changing its
name to EClips Media Technologies, Inc. On April 25, 2011, the Company changed its name to Silver Horn Mining Ltd. pursuant to a merger
with a wholly owned subsidiary. 

Global
Telesat Communications Limited GTC was formed under the laws of England and Wales in 2008. On February 19, 2015, we entered
into a share exchange agreement with GTC and all of the holders of the outstanding equity of GTC pursuant to which GTC became a wholly
owned subsidiary of ours. 

On
March 28, 2014, we merged with a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary of ours solely for the purpose of changing our state of incorporation
to Nevada from Delaware, effecting a reverse split of our common stock, and changing our name to Great West Resources, Inc. in
connection with the plans to enter into the business of potash mining and exploration. During late 2014, we abandoned our efforts to
enter the potash business. 

Orbital
Satcom Corp, a Nevada corporation was formed on November 14, 2014. 

On
January 22, 2015, we changed our name to Orbital Tracking Corp from Great West Resources, Inc. pursuant to
a merger with a newly formed wholly owned subsidiary. 

Effective
March 8, 2018, following the approval of a majority of our shareholders, we effected a . On August 19, 2019, we effected a . As a result of the reverse split,
our common stock now has the CUSIP number: 68557F100. All share and per share information in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements and footnotes has been retroactively restated to reflect these reverse splits. 

Also,
on August 19, 2019, we changed our name to Orbsat Corp from Orbital Tracking Corp. pursuant to a merger with
a newly formed wholly owned subsidiary. 

NEXTPLAT CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE 1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

On
March 24, 2021, the Company s shareholders via majority shareholder consent authorized a stock split not to exceed 1-for-5 reverse
stock split. A definitive Information Statement relating to the shareholder consent was filed with the SEC on March 13, 2021. The Company s
Board of Directors (the Board subsequently approved the 1-for-5 reverse stock split. The Company filed a Certificate of
Change to its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding common stock,
at a . The effective time of the reverse stock split was 12:01 a.m. ET on May 28, 2021. The Company s common stock
began trading on a split-adjusted basis commencing upon market open on May 28, 2021. The common stock has been assigned a new CUSIP number,
68557F 209. The warrants were assigned the CUSIP number, 68557F 118. No fractional shares of common stock were issued as a result of
the reverse stock split. Stockholders of record who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fractional share received a whole share. 

On
December 16, 2021, at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting of the Company the stockholders approved
certificate of amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation changing the Company s name to NextPlat
Corp. The Name Change Amendment was filed on January 18, 2022, and the Company s name change from Orbsat Corp to NextPlat Corp
was effective as of January 21, 2022. 

Effective
January 21, 2022, the trading symbol for the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market will be NXPL and the trading symbol for the Company s Warrants (the Warrants on the NASDAQ Capital Market will be NXPLW. The CUSIP number for our Common Stock (68557F209) and our Warrants (68557F118)
remain unchanged. Prior to January 21, 2022, our common stock and warrants were traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols
 OSAT and OSATW, respectively. 

On
June 22, 2022, NextPlat B.V. NXPLBV was formed in Amsterdam, Netherlands, as a wholly owned subsidiary of NextPlat Corp.
Presently, NXPLBV does not have any active operations. 

On
September 2, 2022, the Company closed a transaction with Progressive Care Inc. (OTCQB: RXMD) Progressive Care ), pursuant
to which we purchased newly issued units of securities from Progressive Care (the Units at a price per Unit of 
for an aggregate purchase price of million (the Unit Purchase ). Each Unit consists of one share of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock of Progressive Care Series B Preferred Stock and one warrant to purchase a share of Series B Preferred
Stock RXMD Warrants ). 

Each
share of Series B Preferred Stock votes as a class with the common stock of Progressive Care, and has 
votes per share. Likewise, each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into 
shares of Progressive Care common stock. In addition, the Series B Preferred Stock has a liquidation and dividend preference. The
RXMD Warrants have a five-year term, and are immediately exercisable, in whole or in part, and contain cashless exercise provisions.
Each Warrant is exercisable at 
per share of Series B Preferred Stock. 

Following
the consummation of the Unit Purchase, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Charles M. Fernandez, and our board member, Rodney Barreto,
were appointed to Progressive Care s Board of Directors, with Mr. Fernandez appointed to serve as Chairman of Progressive Care s
Board of Directors and Mr. Barreto appointed to serve as a Vice Chairman of Progressive Care s Board of Directors. On November
11, 2022, the Progressive Care board of directors elected Mr. Fernandez to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Care. 

In
addition, on September 2, 2022, NextPlat, Charles Fernandez, Rodney Barreto and certain other purchasers purchased from Iliad Research
and Trading, L.P. Iliad a Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 6, 2019, made by Progressive Care to Iliad
(the Note ). The accrued and unpaid principal and interest under the note at the time of the purchase was approximately
 million. The aggregate purchase price paid to Iliad for the Note was million of which NextPlat contributed million and
Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto contributed each (the Note Purchase ). 

In
connection with the Note Purchase, NextPlat, Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto and the other purchasers of the Note entered into a Debt
Modification Agreement with Progressive Care. Pursuant to the Debt Modification Agreement, the interest rate under the Note was
reduced from 
to 
per annum and the maturity date was extended to May 31, 2027. In addition, the conversion price under the note was changed to 
per share of Common Stock. Pursuant to the Debt Modification Agreement, NextPlat, Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto and the other
purchasers of the Note have the right, exercisable at any time, to redeem all or any portion of the Note. The Debt Modification
Agreement also provides that the Note will automatically convert upon the later to occur of: (a) the completion by Progressive Care
of a reverse stock split, and (b) the listing of Progressive Care s common stock on a national exchange. In consideration of
the concessions in the Debt Modification Agreement, Progressive Care issued 
shares of its common stock to the purchasers of the Note, of which NextPlat, Charles Fernandez and Rodney Barreto, received , ,
and shares,
respectively, in each case after giving effect to a 1-for-200 reverse stock split enacted
by Progressive Care on December 30, 2022. 

On November 16, 2022, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Progressive Care, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to
purchase, from time to time during the three year term of the SPA, up to an aggregate of million of secured convertible debentures
from Progressive Care (the Debentures ). Pursuant to the SPA, all purchases of the Debentures will be made at the Company s
sole election and the proceeds from each purchase will be used by Progressive Care only as approved by the Company s Board of Directors.
Until used, the proceeds from each purchase of Debentures will be deposited in a controlled account. If and when the Company elects to
purchase Debentures under the SPA, the minimum principal amount that can be purchased at any time is million. No debentures were
purchased under the SPA for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

In addition, at the closing of
each purchase under the SPA, the Company and Progressive will enter into a Registration Rights Agreement (each, a Registration
Rights Agreement pursuant to which Progressive Care will agree to register the shares of Progressive common stock issuable upon
conversion in full of the Debentures purchased by the Company at such closing. 

In accordance with
the form of Debenture to be used for each purchase under the SPA, each Debenture will be convertible at any time, upon the Company s
election, to shares of Progressive Care s common stock at a conversion price of 
 per share on a post-split bases and may be further adjusted from time to time for share dividends, share splits, reverse
share splits, etc.). In addition, 

In connection with
the SPA, on November 16, 2022, the Company entered into a Security Agreement (the Security Agreement with Progressive
Care and its subsidiaries, Touchpoint RX, LLC, a Florida limited liability company Touchpoint ), Family Physicians RX,
Inc., a Florida corporation FPRX ), and ClearMetrX Inc., a Florida corporation ClearMetrX and collectively
with Progressive, Touchpoint and FPRX, the Borrower Parties ). Pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Borrower Parties
granted the Company a security interest in all of their respective assets to secure Progressive Care s obligations under the Debentures. 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE
1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Liabilities
 from discontinued operations 

units at a price to the public of per unit, the Company received gross proceeds of (the
 June Offering ). See Note 12, Stockholders Equity, for more information regarding the June Offering. 

In
connection with closing of the June Offering, the Underwriter partially exercised its overallotment option and purchased an additional
 warrants at per warrant, which had an exercise price of per share and a year term, for additional gross proceeds to the Company of . On June 28, 2021, the Underwriter, upon
the exercise in full of the balance of its over-allotment option, purchased additional shares of the common stock for additional
gross proceeds of from the sale of the Shares. 

January
2022 Private Placement of Common Stock 

On
December 31, 2021, after markets closed, a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement was circulated to, and
signatures were received from, certain institutional and accredited investors (the December Investors in connection with
the sale in a private placement by the Company of shares of the Company s common stock (the December Offering ).
On January 2, 2022, the Company delivered to December Investors a fully executed Purchase Agreement, which was dated December 31, 2021.
The purchase price for the common stock sold in the December Offering was per share, the closing transaction price reported by
Nasdaq on December 31, 2021. 

The
closing of the December Offering occurred on January 5, 2022. The Company received gross proceeds from the sale of the common stock in
the December Offering of approximately million. 

December
2022 Private Placement of Common Stock 

On
December 9, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors for the
sale by the Company in a private placement of units, each unit comprising (i) one share of the Company s common stock,
and (ii) one warrant to purchase one share of common stock. The offering price of the units was per unit. The warrants included
in the units are exercisable at a price of per share and expire from the date of issuance. 

On
December 9, 2022, the Company entered into placement agency agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement with Dawson James
Securities, Inc. Dawson James ). The Company has agreed to pay Dawson James a placement agent fee of of the gross proceeds
received in the private placement and on all proceeds from officers and directors including any directed orders from the Company.
As additional compensation under the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company will issue Dawson James warrants (the Placement Agent
Warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock with an exercise price of per share. The Placement Agent Warrants
are exercisable at any time and from time to time during the three-year period commencing on the six-month anniversary of the closing
date. The Company reimbursed Dawson for up to for its legal and due diligence expenses. 

The
offering closed on December 14, 2022, and the Company received gross proceeds of approximately million for the units. 

As
of the date of this report, the Company s existing cash resources and existing borrowing availability are sufficient to support
planned operations for the next 12 months. As a result, management believes that the Company s existing financial resources are
sufficient to continue operating activities for at least one year past the issuance date of the financial statements. 

.
All cash amounts in excess of ,
 , are
unsecured at December 31, 2022. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial institution, the Company evaluates at least annually
the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits. 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE
1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 
and for the year ended December 31, 2021. Prepaid expenses include prepayments in cash for accounting fees, prepayments in
equity instruments, which are being amortized over the terms of their respective agreements, as well as cost associated with certain
contract liabilities. The current portion consists of costs paid for future services which will occur within a year. 

US : GBP, yearly average rate
at US : GBP, for the year ended December 31, 2021 closing rate at US : GBP, yearly average rate at US : GBP. 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE
1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

. At December 31, 2021, we had contract liabilities of . 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE
1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

years.
Useful lives of intangible assets are periodically evaluated for reasonableness and the assets are tested for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may no longer be recoverable. 

Computer
 equipment 

Rental
 equipment 

Appliques 

Website
 development 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE
1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and , respectively. 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE
1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

In June
2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07, Compensation Stock Compensation. (Topic 718). This update is intended to reduce cost and complexity
and to improve financial reporting for share-based payments issued to non-employees (for example, service providers, external legal counsel,
suppliers, etc.). The ADU expands the scope of ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation, which currently only includes share-based payments
issued to employees, also includes share-based payments issued to non-employees for goods and services. Consequently, the accounting for
share-based payment to non-employees and employees will be substantially aligned. This standard will be effective for the financial statements
issues by public companies for the annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption of the standard is permitted.
The standard will be applied in a retrospective approach for each period presented. Management adopted this standard on January 1, 2019. 

The Company
estimated the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing formula. This fair value is then amortized on
a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally the vesting period. The Company s determination
of the fair value using the option-pricing model is affected by the stock price as well as assumptions regarding the number of highly
subjective variables. 

The portion of the benefit associated with
tax positions taken that exceed the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits
in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon
examination. 

The
Company believes its tax positions are all more likely than not to be upheld upon examination. As such, the Company has not recorded
a liability for uncertain tax benefits. 

The
Company has adopted ASC 740-10-25, Definition of Settlement, which provides guidance on how an entity should determine
whether a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a
tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion and examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.
For tax positions considered effectively settled, an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit, even if the tax position
is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations
remains open. The federal and state income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS and state taxing authorities,
generally for three years after they are filed. 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE
1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

In
calculating the right of use asset and lease liability, the Company has elected to combine lease and non-lease components. The Company
excludes short-term leases having initial terms of 12 months or less from the new guidance as an accounting policy election and recognizes
rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Stock
 Warrants 

Total 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE
1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Less
 reserve for obsolete inventory 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not make any change for reserve for obsolete inventory. 

and , respectively, for amounts available to reclaim against the tax liability from UK and EU countries. Subsequently to December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has received a total of or , using an exchange rate close of GBP:USD and
 or , using an exchange rate close of GBP:USD, in regard to this receivable. 

and , respectively for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 
and for the year ended December 31, 2021. Prepaid expenses include prepayments in cash for accounting fees, prepayments in equity
instruments, which are being amortized over the terms of their respective agreements, as well as cost associated with certain contract
liabilities. The current portion consists of costs paid for future services which will occur within a year. 

Computer
 equipment 

Rental
 equipment 

Appliques 

Leasehold
 improvements 
 
 - 
 
 Website
 development (1) 

Property
 and equipment gross 

Less
 accumulated depreciation 

Total 

(1) 
 or approximately of the cost was expensed in the period incurred
 to SG A and or approximately was capitalized and depreciated over its useful life. On January 1, 2023, the Company
 completed its implementation process. 

Depreciation
expenses were and
 for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Total property and equipment were reduced by approximately
 for assets still in service. These assets had a net book value of as of December 31, 2022. 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

was paid by the Company under an asset purchase agreement by and among the Company, its wholly-owned subsidiary Orbital Satcom, GTC and
World Surveillance Group, Inc. 

Included
in the purchased assets are: (i) the rights and benefits granted to GTC under each of the Globalstar Contracts, subject to certain exclusions,
(ii) account and online access to the Globalstar Cody Simplex activation system, (iii) GTC s existing customers who are serviced
pursuant to the Globalstar Contracts (only as to their business directly and exclusively related to the Globalstar Contracts), and (iv)
all of GTC s rights and benefits directly and exclusively related to the Globalstar Contracts. 

Amortization
of customer contracts are included in depreciation and amortization. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amortized .
Future amortization of intangible assets is as follows: 

2024 

Total 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were additional expenditures on research and development. 

On
June 22, 2022, the Company formed its Netherlands subsidiary, NextPlat B.V. with . 

newly issued units of securities from Progressive at a price per unit of ,
for an aggregate purchase price of . Each unit consists of one share of Progressive Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Series
B Preferred Stock and one warrant to purchase a share of Progressive Series B Preferred Stock Warrants ). shares of Progressive s common stock. The Warrants
are exercisable at a price of per share of Series B Preferred Stock have a five-year term, and are immediately exercisable, in
whole or in part, and contain cashless exercise provisions. The Company determined the Series B Preferred Stock is in-substance common
stock because the Series B Preferred Stock has similar risk and reward characteristics to common stock. 

Pursuant
to the SPA, NextPlat s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Charles M. Fernandez and board member, Rodney Barreto, were appointed
to Progressive s Board of Directors as Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors and Vice Chairman, respectively. On November
11, 2022, the Progressive Care board of directors elected Mr. Fernandez to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Care. 

In
addition, on September 2, 2022, NextPlat, entered into a Confidential Purchase and Release Agreement (the NPA with a third-party
lender to Progressive pursuant to which NextPlat agreed to purchase of Progressive s principal convertible debt from
the third-party (the Note Purchase and was issued of Progressive common stock. NextPlat paid an aggregate of 
for the Note Purchase and common stock. The convertible note receivable has a principal balance of , carries a simple interest
rate of , is convertible at per share of common stock, and matures on . 

As
a result of the SPA and related transactions, the Company paid an aggregate of for an economic and voting interest in Progressive
of . Subsequent to September 2, 2022, the Company s ownership interest decreased to . As of December 31, 2022, the
board seats, combined with the Company s ownership interest of provide the Company with significant influence over Progressive,
but not a controlling interest. Since Progressive does not depend on the Company for continuing financial support to maintain operations
as of December 31, 2022, the Company has determined that Progressive is not a variable interest entity, and therefore, the Company is
not required to determine the primary beneficiary of Progressive for potential consolidation. Based on quoted market prices, the market
value of the Company s ownership interest in Progressive was approximately million at December 31, 2022. 

The
Company combined its investment in the Series B Preferred Stock, common stock, warrants, and convertible note receivable into one line
item on the consolidated balance sheets as Equity method investment . The Company reported its aggregate earnings
from its investment as one line item on the consolidated statement of operations as Equity in net loss of affiliate . 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
7 EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENT IN PROGRESSIVE CARE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (continued) 

Portion
 of loss from Progressive Care, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Depreciation
 expense due to cost basis difference (1) 

Interest
 earned from convertible note receivable 

Interest
 earned from amortization of premium on convertible note receivable 

Elimination
 of intercompany interest earned 

December
 31, 2022, carrying amount 

The
following summarizes the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss description equity in
net loss of affiliate for the year ended December 31, 2022 as follows: 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Equity
 in net loss of affiliate 

Depreciation
 expense due to cost basis difference (1) 

Interest
 earned from convertible note receivable 

Interest
 earned from amortization of premium on convertible note receivable 

Elimination
 of intercompany interest earned 

Equity
 in net loss of affiliate 

(1) 

Rental
 deposits 

Customer
 deposits payable 

Accrued
 wages payroll liabilities 

VAT
 liability sales tax payable 

U.K.
 income tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued legal fees 
 
 - 
 
 Pre-merger
 accrued other liabilities 

Accrued
 interest 

Accrued
 other liabilities 

Total 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

of its convertible promissory notes (the August 2020 Notes ). The August
2020 Note holders had an optional right of conversion such that a Noteholder may elect to convert his August 2020 Note, in whole or in
part, outstanding as of such time, into the number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company s common stock as determined
by dividing the outstanding indebtedness by , subject to certain adjustments. 

December
2020 Notes 

On
December 1, 2020, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement by and among the Company and certain lenders where the Company sold
an aggregate principal amount of of its convertible promissory notes (the December 2020 Notes ). The December 2020
Note holders had an optional right of conversion such that a Noteholder may elect to convert his December 2020 Note, in whole or in part,
outstanding as of such time, into the number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company s common stock as determined
by dividing the outstanding indebtedness by , subject to certain adjustments. 

March
2021 NPA 

On
March 5, 2021, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the March 2021 NPA with an individual accredited investor
(as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. Pursuant to the terms of the March 2021 NPA, the Company
sold a convertible promissory note with a principal amount of (the March 2021 Note ). The March 2021 Note was a
general, unsecured obligation of the Company and bore simple interest at a rate of per annum, maturing on the third anniversary of
the date of issuance. The Company s issuance of the March 2021 Note was made pursuant to an exemption from registration under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as a transaction
by an issuer not involving a public offering. 

The
Company used the offering proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes. In April 2021 the Noteholder waived contractual
pre-emptive rights set forth in the March 2021 NPA. On May 27, 2021, the Lender converted of the March 2021 Note into 
shares of common stock. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Holders of the August 2020 Notes and the December 2020 Notes, converted a total of of
the convertible debt to shares of common shares, resulting in the amortization of the debt discount, to interest expense . 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balances of the Company s convertible note payable was and , respectively. 

NEXTPLAT CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

, respectively. 

On
December 31, 2021, after markets closed, a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement was circulated to, and
signatures were received from, certain institutional and accredited investors (the December Investors in connection with
the sale in a private placement by the Company of shares of the Company s common stock (the December 2021 Offering ).
On January 2, 2022, the Company delivered to December Investors a fully executed Purchase Agreement, which was dated December 31, 2021.
The purchase price for the common stock sold in the December Offering was per share, the closing transaction price reported by
Nasdaq on December 31, 2021. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received gross proceeds of of the , pursuant to the December 2021
Offering. On January 5, 2022, the Company received an additional , resulting in the issuance of shares of the Company s
common stock, eliminating the stock subscription payable as well as, the closing of the offering. 

.
On July 16, 2020 (the Issue Date ), GTC, entered into a Coronavirus Interruption Loan Agreement Debenture by and among the Company and HSBC UK Bank PLC (the Lender for an amount of ,
or USD 
at an exchange rate of GBP:USD of .
The Debenture bears interest beginning July 16, 2021, at a rate of 
per annum over the Bank of England Base Rate 
as of July 16, 2020), payable monthly on the outstanding principal amount of the Debenture. The Debenture has a term of 6 years from
the date of drawdown, July 15, 2026, the Maturity Date . The first repayment of 
(exclusive of interest) was made 13 month(s) after July 16, 2020. . The Debenture is secured by all GTC s assets as well as a guarantee by the
UK government and David Phipps, President, with the proceeds of the Debenture are to be used for general corporate and working
capital purposes. The Debenture includes customary events of default, including, among others: (i) non-payment of amounts due
thereunder, (ii) non-compliance with covenants thereunder, (iii) bankruptcy or insolvency (each, an Event of Default ).
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Debenture becomes payable upon demand. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the
Company has recorded 
and 
as current portion of notes payable and 
and 
as notes payable long term, respectively. 

On
May 8, 2020, NextPlat Corp was approved for the US funded Payroll Protection Program, PPP loan. The loan was for 
and had a term of years, of which the first are deferred at an interest rate of . On May 23, 2021, BlueVine, the Company s
SBA approved mortgage lender and originator, notified the Company, that the loan in the amount of , had been forgiven. As of December
31, 2021, the Company has recorded as forgiveness of debt. 

NEXTPLAT CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

shares of par value of preferred stock. preferred stock was outstanding for any year presented. 

Common
Stock 

We
have authorized shares of par value common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares,
respectively, were issued and outstanding. 

Capital
Structure 

On
May 28, 2021, the Company effected a reverse stock split of its common stock at a ratio of (the Reverse Split ).
No fractional shares of common stock were issued as a result of the Reverse Split. Stockholders of record who were otherwise entitled
to receive a fractional share received a whole share. The conversion or exercise prices of Company s issued and outstanding convertible
securities, stock options and warrants were adjusted accordingly. All information presented, assumes a reverse stock split of Company s
outstanding shares of common stock, and unless otherwise indicated, all such amounts and corresponding conversion price or exercise price
data set forth have been adjusted to give effect to such assumed reverse stock split. 

Listing
on the Nasdaq Capital Market 

Our
common stock and warrants have been trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols NXPL and NXPLW, 
respectively, since January 21, 2022. Prior to January 21, 2022, our common stock and warrants were traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbols OSAT and OSATW, respectively. 

December
2022 Private Placement of Common Stock December Offering 

On
December 9, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors for the
sale by the Company in a private placement of units, each unit comprising (i) one share of the Company s common stock,
and (ii) one warrant to purchase one share of common stock. The offering price of the units was per unit. The warrants included
in the units are exercisable at a price of per share and expire from the date of issuance. 

The
offering closed on December 14, 2022, and the Company received gross proceeds of approximately million for the units. The Company
intends to use the proceeds from the offering for working capital needs, potential acquisitions, joint ventures, and ongoing business
transition activities. 

On
December 9, 2022, the Company entered into placement agency agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement with Dawson James
Securities, Inc. Dawson James pursuant to which Dawson James agreed to serve as lead or managing placement agent on a
best efforts, agency basis in connection with the private placement of the Units. The Company has agreed to pay Dawson James a placement
agent fee of of the gross proceeds received in the private placement and on all proceeds from officers and directors including
any directed orders from the Company. As additional compensation under the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company will issue Dawson
James warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock with an exercise price of
 per share. The Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable at any time and from time to time during the three-year period commencing
on the six month anniversary of the closing date. 

January
2022 Private Placement of Common Stock January Offering 

On
January 2, 2022, the Company finalized and closed a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement in connection
with the sale in a private placement by the Company of shares of the Company s common stock The purchase price for the
common stock sold in the offering was per share. 

The
Company received gross proceeds from the sale of the common stock of .
Legal and registration fees amounted to ,
resulting in net proceeds of .
Prior to the private placement close, proceeds of ,
were received and recorded as a stock subscription payable, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company intended to use the proceeds
from the offering for general corporate purposes, including potential acquisitions and joint ventures. Approximately 
 of funds raised were secured from existing shareholders
and from the members of the Company s senior management and Board of Directors. 

June
2021 Public Offering June Offering 

On
June 2, 2021, through an upsized underwritten public offering of units at a price to the public of per unit, the Company
received gross proceeds of . 

In
connection with closing of the offering, the underwriter partially exercised its overallotment option and purchased an additional 
warrants, which had an exercise price of 0 per share and a term of years, at 
per warrant for additional gross proceeds to the Company of .
On June 28, 2021, the Underwriter, upon the exercise in full of the balance of its over-allotment option, purchased 
additional shares of the common stock for additional gross proceeds of approximately 
million from the sale of the Shares. 

NEXTPLAT CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

warrants
to Maxim Group LLC, the underwriter (the Underwriter Warrants in connection with the June Offering. The Underwriter Warrants
expire five years from the effective date of the June Offering and are exercisable at a per share price equal to per share, or
 of the public offering price per unit in the June Offering. 

On
December 9, 2022, pursuant to the December Offering, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock in an offering,
at an exercise price of and a term of . 

Placement
Agent Warrants 

In
addition to, but separate from, the unregistered warrants included in the units sold in the December Offering, the Company issued 
warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock with an exercise price of 
per share, to its Placement Agent Dawson James Securities Inc. The Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable at any time and from
time to time during the three-year period commencing on the six-month anniversary of the closing date. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and Underwriter Warrants issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Granted 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Balance at January 1, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, there were and warrants outstanding, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had registered warrants of 
of the warrants issued and outstanding. 

The Company determined that the warrants do not meet
the definition of liability under FASB ASC Topic 480 and therefore classified the warrants as equity instruments. 

NEXTPLAT CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

and ,
respectively. 

Stock
Award Plans 

The
Company maintains stock incentive plans to attract, motivate and retain management, key employees, directors, and consultants. These
plans provide for discretionary awards of, among others, stock options, stock awards, stock unit awards, and stock appreciation rights
to participants (collectively, share-based awards). 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of net unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock-based compensation
to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of years. 

Stock
Options 

Stock
options outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, as disclosed in the below table, have approximately million and million of intrinsic value, respectively. 

- 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

- 

- 

Cancelled 

() 

- 

- 

Expired 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Balance at January 1, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Cancelled 

() 

- 

- 

Expired 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Balance outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
granted stock options valued at approximately - per option, using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the
following assumptions: stock price of - per share (based on closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of
grant), volatility of - , expected term of - years, and a risk free interest rate of . 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
granted stock options valued at approximately - per option, using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
assumptions: stock price of - per share (based on closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant),
volatility of - 100 , expected term of to years and a risk free interest rate of to . 

As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of net unrecognized
compensation cost related to unvested stock options to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of years. 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

million at , with a flat rate of . Due to the continuing loss position of the Company, such changes should
not be material. 

For
U.S. purposes, the Company has not completed its evaluation of NOL utilization limitations under Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the
 Code Section 382, change of ownership rules. If the Company has had a change in ownership, the NOL s would be limited
as to the amount that could be utilized each year, or possibly eliminated, based on the Code. The Company has also, not completed its
review of NOL s pertaining to years the Company was known as Silver Horn Mining Ltd. and Great West Resources,
Inc. , which may not be available due to IRC Section 382 and because of a change in business line that may eliminate NOL s
associated with Silver Horn Mining Ltd. and Great West Resources, Inc. The company has also not reviewed
the impact relating to Recent Events for its IRC Section 382 possible NOL s limitation. 

Foreign 

Income
 (loss) before income taxes 

Total
 current 

Deferred: 

Federal 
 - 
 - 
 
 State 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 deferred 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 income tax provision (benefit) 

The
Company s wholly owned subsidiary, GTC, is a United Kingdom UK Limited Company and files tax returns in the UK.
Its estimated tax liability for December 31, 2022 and 2021 is approximately and , respectively. 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE
15 INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED) 

State
 tax expense net of federal tax benefit 
 () 

State
 tax expense federal impact 

Non-deductible
 expenses 
 - 

() 
 
 State
 rate change adjustment 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Foreign
 taxes at rate different than US Taxes 

() 
 
 Other
 true-ups 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

() 
 
 Income
 tax provision (benefit) 

Property
 plant and equipment and intangibles asset 

Equity method investment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation 

Total
 deferred tax assets 

Deferred
 tax liabilities: 

Book
 basis of property and equipment in excess of tax basis 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 deferred tax liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Net
 deferred tax asset before valuation allowance 

Less:
 valuation allowance 

Net
 deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

The net operating loss carryforward increased from approximately million at December 31, 2021 to million
at December 31, 2022. After consideration of all the evidence, both positive and negative, management has recorded a full valuation allowance
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to the uncertainty of realizing the deferred income tax assets. The change in the valuation allowance
for 2022 was approximately million. Out of the approximately million net operating losses carry forward, approximately 
million will begin to and approximately million will have an indefinite life. 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE
15 INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED) 

The
Internal Revenue Code includes a provision, referred to as Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI ), which provides for
a tax on certain income of controlled foreign corporations. We have elected to account for GILTI as a period cost if and when occurred,
rather than recognizing deferred taxes for basis differences expected to reverse. 

The
Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and various states and foreign jurisdictions. U.S. federal income tax returns for 2018 and
after remain open to examination. We and our subsidiaries are also subject to income tax in multiple states and foreign jurisdictions.
Generally, foreign income tax returns after 2017 remain open to examination. No income tax returns are currently under examination. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company does not have any unrecognized tax benefits, and continues to monitor its current and prior
tax positions for any changes. The Company recognizes penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were penalties or interest recorded in income tax expense. 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE
16 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED) 

The
ultimate magnitude of COVID-19, including the full extent of the material negative impact on our financial and operational results, will
depend on future developments. The resumption of our normal business operations may be delayed or constrained by lingering effects of
COVID-19 on our customers, suppliers and/or third-party service providers. Furthermore, the extent to which our mitigation efforts are
successful, if at all, is not currently ascertainable. Due to the daily evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic and the responses to curb
its spread, we cannot predict the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and results of operations, but our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows have already been materially adversely impacted, and we anticipate they will continue
to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and its negative effects on global economic conditions. Any recovery from the COVID-19
pandemic and related economic impact may also be slowed or reversed by a variety of factors, such as any increase in COVID-19 infections.
Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, we may continue to experience adverse impacts to our business as a result of its national
and, to some extent, global economic impact, including the current recession and any recession that may occur in the future. 

The
success of our business depends on our global operations, including our supply chain and consumer demand, among other things. As a result
of COVID-19, we have experienced shortages in inventory due to manufacturing issues, a reduction in the volume of sales in some parts
of our business, such as rental sales and direct website sales, and a reduction in personnel due to lockdown related issues. Our results
of operations for years ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflect this impact; however, we expect that
this trend may continue, and the full extent of the impact is unknown. In recent months, some governmental agencies in the US and Europe,
where we produce the largest percentage of our sales, have lifted certain restrictions. However, if customer demand continues to be low,
our future equipment sales, subscriber activations and sales margin will be impacted. 

Litigation 

On June 22, 2021, Thomas Seifert s
employment as the Company s Chief Financial Officer was terminated for cause. Mr. Seifert asserts that the termination was not for
cause and that he is owed all compensation payable under his employment agreement executed in June 2021. The Company s position
is that Mr. Seifert is not owed any additional consideration or compensation relating to his prior service with the Company or arising
under any employment agreement. The Company believes it has adequate defenses to any such claims. The Company has determined to initiate
litigation against Mr. Seifert asserting a number of claims including, but not limited to, rescission of the employment agreement, fraud
in the inducement in connection with the execution of the employment agreement, and breach of the fiduciary duties of good faith and loyalty.
The Company does not expect to seek substantial monetary relief in the litigation. 

From time to time,
the Company may become involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. The
Company is not currently involved in any pending legal proceeding or litigation, and, to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority
is contemplating any proceeding to which the Company is a party or to which any of the Company s properties is subject, which would
reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and operating results. 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

square feet of office space in Florida, for annually.
The rent increases annually. The lease commenced upon occupancy on June 13, 2022, and will expire on August 31, 2027. 

For
our facilities in Poole, England, we rent office and warehouse space of approximately square feet for annually or
approximately USD , based on a yearly average exchange rate of GBP:USD. The Poole lease was renewed on October 6, 2022,
and will expire October 31, 2023. This renewal is not representative in the table future minimum lease payments, for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

The
Florida lease does not require any contingent rental payments, impose any financial restrictions, or contain any residual value guarantees.
Variable expenses generally represent the Company s share of the landlord s operating expenses. The Company does not have
any leases classified as financing leases. 

The
rate implicit to the Florida lease is not readily determinable, and we therefore use our incremental borrowing rate to determine the
present value of the lease payments. The weighted average incremental borrowing rate used to determine the initial value of right of
use (ROU) assets and lease liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . Right of use assets for operating leases are
periodically reduced by impairment losses. We use the long-lived assets impairment guidance in ASC Subtopic 360-10, Property, Plant,
and Equipment Overall, to determine whether an ROU asset is impaired, and if so, the amount of the impairment loss to recognize.
As of December 31, 2022, we have not recognized any impairment losses for our ROU assets. 

We
monitor for events or changes in circumstances that require a reassessment of one of our leases. When a reassessment results in the remeasurement
of a lease liability, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the corresponding ROU asset unless doing so would
reduce the carrying amount of the ROU asset to an amount less than zero. In that case, the amount of the adjustment that would result
in a negative ROU asset balance is recorded in profit or loss. 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE
17 - LEASE OBLIGATIONS (CONTINUED) 

We
recognized lease costs associated with all leases as follows: 

Total Lease Costs 

Total cash paid for lease liabilities 

Supplemental
balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 

Operating lease liabilities: 

Current portion 

Long-term portion 
 
 - 

858,555 
 19,763 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total
 undiscounted future non-cancelable minimum lease payments 

Less:
 Imputed interest 

Present value of
 lease liabilities 

Weighted average
 remaining term 

due to Charles Fernandez, due to David Phipps and
accounts payable due to Paul Thomson of . Total related party payments due as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are 
and , respectively. Those related party payables are non-interest bearing and due on demand. 

The
Company uses an American Express account for Orbital Satcom Corp and an American Express account for GTC, both in the name of David Phipps
who personally guarantees the balance owed. 

NEXTPLAT CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

NOTE 18 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED) 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company employed five individuals related to Mr. Phipps who earned gross wages totaling
 and , respectively. 

On
July 12, 2022, the Company hired Lauren Sturges Fernandez, the spouse of Mr. Fernandez, as Manager of Digital Assets. Mrs. Fernandez
is an at-will employee with an annual salary of .
On September 22, 2022, Mrs. Fernandez s title was changed to Chief of Staff and Special Assistant to the Chairman of the Board,
her salary remains the same. Previously Mrs. Fernandez was a consultant and earned compensation for her services of ,
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

January
Offering. The Company received gross proceeds from the sale of the Common Stock in the January Offering of approximately
 million, which closed on January 5, 2022. Approximately of funds raised in the Offering were secured from existing shareholders,
and from members of the Company s senior management and Board of Directors. The following table represents the related party investment: 

David Phipps 
 Director and President of Orbsat. Chief Executive Officer of Global Operations 

Douglas Ellenoff Shares are deemed to be indirectly beneficially owned through Sabrina Allan, Mr. Ellenoff s wife. Mr. Ellenoff has the power to vote and dispose of the shares. 
 Vice Chairman and Chief Business Development Strategist 

Louis Cusimano 
 Director 

Paul R. Thomson 
 Senior Vice President Mergers, Acquisitions and Special Projects 

On January 20, 2022, the Company appointed Rodney Barreto,
to its Board. Mr. Barreto was a participant of the January offering and purchased shares of common stock for per share or
approximately million. Mr. Barreto s investment represented of the total. 

Progressive
Care Inc . Following the consummation of the Company s investment in Progressive Care Inc. on September 2, 2022, our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, Charles M. Fernandez, and our board member, Rodney Barreto, were appointed to Progressive Care s Board
of Directors, with Mr. Fernandez appointed to serve as Chairman of Progressive Care s Board of Directors and Mr. Barreto appointed
to serve as a Vice Chairman of Progressive Care s Board of Directors. On November 11, 2022, the Progressive Care board of directors
elected Mr. Fernandez as the Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Care. In addition, on September 2, 2022, NextPlat, Messrs. Fernandez
and Barreto and certain other purchasers purchased from Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. Iliad a Secured Convertible
Promissory Note, dated March 6, 2019, made by Progressive Care to Iliad (the Note ). The accrued and unpaid principal and
interest under the note at the time of the purchase was approximately million. The aggregate purchase price paid to Iliad for the
Note was Million of which NextPlat contributed million and Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto contributed each (the Note
Purchase ). In connection with the Note Purchase, NextPlat, Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto and the other purchasers of the Note
entered into a Debt Modification Agreement with Progressive Care. In consideration of the concessions in the Debt Modification Agreement,
Progressive Care issued shares of its common stock to the purchasers of the Note, of which NextPlat, Charles Fernandez and Rodney
Barreto, received , , and shares, respectively, in each case after giving effect to a enacted
by Progressive Care on December 30, 2022. 

Next
Borough Capital Fund, LP. Mr. Charles M. Fernandez, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Mr. Rodney Barreto,
a member of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board and Audit Committee Chairman, intend to participate
in a newly formed fund Next Borough Capital Fund, LP Next Borough Fund with investors affiliated
with Dawson James Securities, Inc., Robert Keyser and other groups and individuals that may have direct and indirect ownership interests
in the Company. Next Borough Fund will be managed by Next Borough Capital Management, LLC Next Borough Manager ).
eAperion Partners LLC, a company wholly owned by Mr. Fernandez, would own of Next Borough Manager and that Mr. Barreto would own
 . Mr. Fernandez would serve as the Chairman and Co-Portfolio Manager of Next Borough Manager and Mr. Barreto would serve as the Vice
Chairman of Next Borough Manager. 

December
Offering. On December 14, 2022, the Company closed a private placement for the sale of units (each, a Unit ),
each Unit consisting of (i) one share of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ),
and (ii) one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock (each, a Warrant ). The offering price of the Units was 
per Unit. The Warrants included in the Units are exercisable at a price of per share and expire from the date of issuance.
Related party investment represented , of the approximately million of the funds raised. 

David Phipps 
 Director and President of NextPlat. Chief Executive Officer of Global Operations 

RLB Market Investments LLC, principal, Rodney Barreto 
 Director 

NEXTPLAT
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

and of the Company s revenues during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. No other
customer accounted for or more of the Company s revenues for either period. 

Suppliers: 

Garmin 

Globalstar
 Europe 

SatCom
 Global 

Cygnus
 Telecom 

Geographic : 

North America 

South America 

Asia Pacific 

Africa 

Revenue 
 
 100 
 
 100 

F- 34 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries 

Name
 of Incorporation 
 
 State
 or Other Jurisdiction 
 
 Orbital
 Satcom Corp. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Global
 Telesat Communications Limited 
 
 England
 and Wales 
 
 NextPlat
 B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NextPlat Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of our report dated March 31, 2023 included in its Registration Statements on
Form S-3 (No. 333-269422, 333-268488 and 333-262748) relating to the consolidated financial statements. 

/s/
 RBSM LLP 

New
 York, New York 

March
 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certifications 

I,
Charles M. Fernandez, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of NextPlat Corp; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Charles M. Fernandez 

Charles
 M. Fernandez 

Executive
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(principal
 executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certifications 

I,
Cecile Munnik, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of NextPlat Corp; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, considering the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Cecile Munnik 

Cecile
 Munnik 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(principal
 financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of NextPlat Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Charles M. Fernandez, Executive Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Cecile Munnik, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certifies, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Charles M. Fernandez 

Charles
 M. Fernandez 

Executive
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(principal
 executive officer) 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Cecile Munnik 

Cecile Munnik 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(principal
 financial officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nxpl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nxpl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nxpl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nxpl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

