<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_1725516_0001493152-23-007000.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>55964662</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>220229</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>49643776</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2348872</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1718207</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1853384</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007000.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308160627
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007000
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		170
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RENEWABLE INNOVATIONS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001725516
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				823254264
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55875
		FILM NUMBER:		23716177

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		588 WEST 400 SOUTH, SUITE 110
		CITY:			LINDON
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84042
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(801) 406-6740

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		588 WEST 400 SOUTH, SUITE 110
		CITY:			LINDON
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84042

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nestbuilder.com Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171214

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007000.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from_____________ to _____________. 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading 
 Symbol(s) 

Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, par value 0.0001 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S. C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

 Yes

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of March 3, 2023 was , based on the
closing price of 0.06 on May 31, 2022. 

As
of March 3, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.0001, issued and outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

. 

RENEWABLE
INNOVATIONS, INC. 

FORM
10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

 FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM
 1 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM
 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 2 1 
 
 ITEM
 2 
 PROPERTIES 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 21 

PART II 

ITEM
 5 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 6 
 RESERVED 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 7 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 27 
 
 ITEM
 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 27 
 
 ITEM
 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 28 
 
 ITEM
 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 28 
 
 ITEM
 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 30 

PART III 

ITEM
 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 31 
 
 ITEM
 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 33 
 
 ITEM
 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 36 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 37 
 
 ITEM
 16 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 44 

PART
I 

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ).
These statements are based on management s beliefs and assumptions, and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking
statements include the information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations of the Company set forth under the heading
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition or Plan of Operation. Forward-looking statements also
include statements in which words such as expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, 
 estimate, consider or similar expressions are used. 

Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The Company s future results
and shareholder values may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to put
undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. 

ITEM
1 BUSINESS 

Our
Historical Nestbuilder Business 

Prior
to our merger with Renewable Innovations, Inc., a Delaware corporation, we were engaged in the
business of providing digital media and marketing services for the real estate industry. We generated revenue from service fees video
creation and production and referral fees from our LoseTheAgent.com website ). At the core of our
programs was our proprietary video creation technology which allowed for an automated conversion of data (text, video slices and pictures
of home listings) to a video with voice over and music. We provided video search, storage and marketing capabilities on multiple platform
dynamics for web and mobile. Once a home, personal or community video was created using our proprietary technology, it could be published
to social media, email or distributed to multiple real estate websites. 

In
addition, we owned and operated the web site LoseTheAgent.com ,
which was a site dedicated to peer-to-peer real estate transactions between home sellers and buyers - the so called For Sale By Owner
segment. We had as many as 100,000 home listings across all 50 states. We monetized the website by charging fees for both listing
a home for sale and picking up possible buyers messages of interest. 

We
discontinued the historical business of Nestbuilder.com on February 28, 2023. 

Corporate
History 

We
were incorporated on June 28, 2019 and commenced operations in 2021. 

On
December 1, 2022, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, we were acquired by Nestbuilder.com Corp through the merger of NB Merger
Corp. with and into Renewable Innovations, Inc., with Renewable Innovations, Inc. continuing as the surviving wholly owned subsidiary
of Nestbuilder.com Corp. Renewable Innovations, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the wholly owned subsidiary), changed its name to Renewable
Innovations Corp., and Nestbuilder.com Corp (the parent corporation) changed its name to Renewable Innovations, Inc. 

1 

Overview 

We
are focused on designing, optimizing, developing, and producing modular, scalable, zero-carbon green renewable solutions. Applications
for scalable power vary from primary power to emergency power and mobile power. 

Our
initial focus is on mobile and stationary electric vehicle rapid charging. 

We
leverage our deep engineering expertise, history in power, and market vision and combine those with industry leaders through collaboration
agreements for best product, best price, and best availability One example of this is our collaboration agreement with General Motors GM for its fuel cells and batteries. 

Our
expertise and leadership experience in the industry began in 2014 when we began developing polymer electrolyte membrane (PEM) fuel cells
for datacenter backup power. This collaboration was with Daimler, Hewlett Packard Enterprises (HPE), and the National Renewable Energy
Laboratory (NREL). 

In
2017, a fuel cell system was installed at NREL and demonstrated to attendees during the Super Computing Show held in Denver that year.
In 2019 and 2020 full load testing and validation of 250 kilowatt kW fuel cells were performed over 24- and 48-hour non-stop
runs with Microsoft. The tests were considered successful and began an evolution for others to explore this solution. 

We
are focused on taking advantage of the projected growth of the hydrogen market by continuing to design and build stationary power systems
using hydrogen fuel cells. Our first product, the MEC-H (Mobile Energy Command-Hydrogen) has been tested in multiple commercial
applications including the Rebelle Rally in October 2021 when the product was used to power the all-women s race in the deserts
of Nevada and California. See www.rebellerally.com ). 

The
Market 

In
the past, the technology wasn t quite ready, or people were not serious enough about decarbonization. We don t believe that
those barriers exist today. With the barriers removed, we believe the hydrogen economy will enter into a renaissance in the 2020s and
will create an 11 trillion hydrogen market in the coming decades 1 . 

Despite
its series of false starts over the past 50 years, hydrogen is finally coming into its own global adoption as the fuel of the future.
We believe four factors are relevant to this change: 

we
 believe any power source made with hydrogen will be infinitely more energy-dense than a power source made with something else; and 

the
 politics have changed: 

President
 Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act into law, which includes nearly 400 billion in energy and climate spending. A significant
 bulk of that will go toward clean hydrogen production; 

The
 Bipartisan Infrastructure Law includes 9.5 Billion in clean hydrogen initiatives; 

hydrogen is
 now produced cost-effectively from renewable energy sources like solar and wind instead of natural gas. Economies of scale and advanced
 tech have led hydrogen fuel cell costs to drop 60 over the past decade. Deloitte expects those costs to drop below electric battery
 and combustion engine costs in just a few years. 

the technology has changed.
 Technological breakthroughs and falling renewable energy expenses have led to a new era of scalable Green Hydrogen 
 production. 

We
are accelerating the growth and opportunities within the renewable economy. Our team brings experience and connections across the sector. 

1
 Matthew Blieske, Shell s Global Hydrogen Product Manager, in Hydrogen Fuel Gives Rise to an 11 Trillion Revolution 
by Luke Lango, InvestorPlace Senior Investment Analyst. 

2 

Intellectual
Property Rights 

We
have developed significant intellectual and proprietary technologies for the renewable industry; however, we do not own any patents or
trademarks. We use the following methods to protect our intellectual property: 

Copyright
Protection 

Copyright
law protects the source and object code of software and ensures exclusive rights. Copyright protection arises automatically upon the
creation of an original work of authorship. The duration of a copyright is the author s life plus fifty years. We have common law
copyright protection of our designs. 

Trade
Secret Protection 

We
choose to protect many of the ideas and concepts behind our product offerings as trade secrets. 

From
time to time, we may encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. While we believe that our product
and service offerings do not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party, we cannot assure you that we will prevail
in any intellectual property dispute. If we do not prevail in such disputes, we may lose some or all of our intellectual property protection,
be enjoined from further sales of the applications determined to infringe the rights of others, and/or be forced to pay substantial royalties
to a third party. 

Governmental
Controls, Approval and Licensing Requirements 

Our
products are subject to international, federal, state, and local requirements in accordance with statutes and ordinances relating to,
among others, building codes, fire codes, public safety, electrical codes, etc. The level of regulation varies based on location. 

Safety
standards have been established by the American National Standards Institute ANSI ), covering the overall fuel cell system,
however additional safety practices are being refined and defined by organizations such as the Institute of Electrical and Electronics
Engineers (IEEE), Center for Hydrogen Safety (CHS), National Fire Protection Association (NFPA), and the International Fire Code (IFC).
Our products are designed to meet and exceed all applicable safety standards. 

Competition 

The
U.S. power grid is not capable of providing sufficient power or available to charge the electric vehicles that are coming to market.
Power sources independent from the gird will be needed. Hydrogen is one source of power capable of providing large amounts of power for
charging these vehicles. 

Stationary
and primary power is also another significant marked for fuel cells systems. Applications range from large data centers and corporate
facilities, to smaller mobile and emergency services. Although there is more competition arising in these areas, we feel we have a lead
in these applications. 

There
are multiple PEM fuel cell manufactures in the world, including General Motors, Toyota, Hyundai, Honda, Ballard, PLUG Power, Fuel Cell
Energy, to name a few. Most manufacturers typically do not do integration. Some automotive manufacturers will install versions of their
fuel cells systems in certain vehicles, others will contract or partner with other companies to integrate their fuel cells into vehicles. 

We
believe the principal competitive factors in the markets in which we operate will include product features relative to price and performance,
lifetime operating cost, including any maintenance and support, product quality and reliability, safety, ease of use, footprint, rapid
integration with existing equipment and processes as well as service and support and corporate reputation. 

Employees 

We
currently employ between 30 and 50 personnel which is comprised of full time, part time and contract personnel. 

3 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide a statement of risk factors. Nonetheless, we are voluntarily providing risk
factors herein. 

Any
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following information, together with
the other information contained in this Annual Report, before you decide to buy our common stock. If one or more of the following events
actually occurs, our business will suffer, and as a result our financial condition or results of operations will be adversely affected.
In this case, the market price, if any, of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment in our common
stock. 

We
face risks in developing our product candidates and services and eventually bringing them to market. We also face risks that our business
model may become obsolete. The following risks are material risks that we face. If any of these risks occur, our business, our ability
to achieve revenues, our operating results and our financial condition could be seriously harmed. 

Risk
Factors Related to the Business of the Company 

A. Business
Risks 

We
have a limited operating history and no historical financial information upon which you may evaluate our performance. 

We
were incorporated in Delaware in June 2019 and are still in our earlier stages of development. You should consider our prospects for
success in light of the associated risks and uncertainties. Unanticipated problems, expenses, and delays are frequently encountered in
newer businesses, such as ours, and in developing new products and services. These include, but are not limited to, inadequate funding,
lack of consumer acceptance, competition, product development, onerous or problematic terms under licensing and other agreements, and
inadequate marketing and sales. We may not successfully address these risks and uncertainties or successfully implement our existing
and new products and services. The failure by us to meet any of these and other risks or uncertainties could have a materially adverse
effect upon us and may force us to reduce or curtail operations. No assurance can be given that we can or will ever operate profitably. 

We
will need additional funding in the future, and if we are unable to raise capital when needed, we may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate
products, programs, commercial efforts, or sales efforts. Developing products and marketing developed products is costly. We will need
to raise substantial additional capital in the future in order to execute our business plan and help us and our collaboration partners
fund the development and commercialization of our products. 

We
intend to finance future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, or strategic collaboration and licensing
or royalty arrangements. Our stockholders may consequently experience additional dilution, and debt financing, if available, may involve
restrictive covenants and high interest. Regarding accessing additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements, it may
be necessary to relinquish some rights to our products, processes and technologies or to grant licenses on terms not necessarily favorable
to us. If adequate funds are not available from the foregoing sources, we may consider additional strategic financing options, including
sales of assets, or we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs,
or curtail some of our commercialization efforts of our operations. We may seek to access the public or private equity markets whenever
conditions are favorable, even if we do not have an immediate need for additional capital. 

4 

If
we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, we may not be able to effectively compete in our market. 

Our
success will depend, in part, on our ability to attract and retain key management beyond what we have today. We will attempt to enhance
our management and technical expertise by recruiting qualified individuals with desired skills and experience in certain targeted areas.
An inability to retain employees and to attract or recruit and keep sufficient additional employees could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, as well as limit or delay our ability to develop and market
our products. 

We
may not be able to effectively manage our growth and operations, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 

We
may experience rapid growth and development in a relatively short time span through our marketing efforts. The management of this growth
will require, among other things, continued development of our financial and management controls and management information systems,
stringent control of costs, increased marketing activities, the ability to attract and retain qualified management personnel, and the
training of new personnel. We intend to hire additional personnel in order to manage our expected growth and expansion. Failure to successfully
manage our possible growth and development could have a material adverse effect on our business and the value of our common stock. 

We
may be unable to adequately protect or defend our intellectual property rights. 

Our
ability to compete partly depends on the superiority, uniqueness, and value of our intellectual property and technology, held directly
or under license or royalty agreements with third parties. To protect our proprietary rights, we will rely on a combination of copyright
and trade secret laws, confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties, and protective contractual provisions. However,
we may be forced to litigate to defend our intellectual property rights, or to defend against claims by third parties against us relating
to intellectual property rights, which could be very costly and might negatively distract management from concentrating on operating
the business. 

The
regulatory environment in our business space is complex, rapidly changing, and difficult to predict. 

Investors
should be aware that state and federal regulations in our business space are complex, and sometimes contradictory or inconsistent as
between federal and state, or state to state regulations. However, positive changes have occurred in this industry in recent years, and
it can be reasonably expected that the regulatory environment will continue to evolve in favorable way. A change in administrations on
the federal level may result in significant changes in federal regulations and related enforcement, which could portend difficulties
in planning and predicting future events. We might also encounter certain obstacles in implementing our business plan that include but
are not limited to insurance issues. We intend to comply at all times and to the extent practicable with applicable regulations, but
recognize that it may be difficult to always know what the regulatory requirements are, or whether or when such requirements will change. 

5 

B. Market
Risks 

Rising
inflation rates, volatility in commodity prices and product shortages may adversely affect our financial results. 

Some
of our products contain commodity-priced materials. Commodity prices and supply levels affect our costs. These resources may become increasingly
difficult to source due to various cost, geopolitical, or other reasons, which in turn might have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Global
inflationary pressures, particularly in the United States, have increased recently to levels not seen in recent years, which could potentially
increase commodity price volatility, increased operating costs (including our labor costs) and reduced liquidity. In addition, the United
States Federal Reserve has raised, and may again raise, interest rates in response to concerns about inflation, which may result in limitations
on our ability to access credit or otherwise raise debt and equity capital. Our ability to pass on such increases in costs in a timely
manner depends on market conditions, and the inability to pass along cost increases could result in lower gross margins. Increases in
interest rates, especially if coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets, may have the effect of further
increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. In an inflationary environment, we may be unable to raise the sales prices
of our products and services at or above the rate at which our costs increase, which could reduce our profit margins and have a material
adverse effect on our financial results. We also may experience lower than expected sales and potential adverse impacts on our competitive
position if there is a decrease in consumer spending or a negative reaction to our pricing. A reduction in our revenue would be detrimental
to our financial condition and could also have an adverse impact on our future growth. 

The
current economic downturn and weakness in the economy, market trends and other conditions affecting the profitability and financial stability
of our customers could negatively impact our sales growth and results of operations. 

The
demand for our products and services is sensitive to the production activity, capital spending and demand for products and services of
our customers. In recent months, we have observed increased economic uncertainty in the United States and abroad. Impacts of such economic
weakness include falling overall demand for goods and services, leading to reduced profitability, reduced credit availability, higher
borrowing costs, reduced liquidity, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, and bankruptcies. These developments could
lead to supply chain disruption, inflation, higher interest rates, and uncertainty about business continuity, which may adversely affect
our business and our results of operations. As our customers react to global economic conditions and the potential for a global recession,
we may see them reduce spending on our products and take additional precautionary measures to limit or delay expenditures and preserve
capital and liquidity. Reductions in spending on our solutions, delays in purchasing decisions, lack of renewals, inability to attract
new customers, as well as pressure for extended billing terms or pricing discounts, would limit our ability to grow our business and
negatively affect our operating results and financial condition. 

Additionally,
many of our customers operate in markets that may be impacted by market uncertainty, trade and tariff policies, costs of goods sold,
currency exchange rates, central bank interest rate changes, foreign competition, offshoring of production, oil and natural gas prices,
geopolitical developments, labor shortages, inflation, and a variety of other factors beyond our control. Any of these factors could
cause customers to idle or close facilities, delay purchases, reduce production levels, or experience reductions in the demand for their
own products or services. We have from time-to-time experienced labor shortages and other labor-related issues. Labor shortages have
become more pronounced as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, labor shortages might affect our ability to attain qualified
candidates for certain positions within the Company. 

6 

Our
products and performance depend largely on the availability of hydrogen gas and an insufficient supply of hydrogen could negatively affect
our sales and deployment of our products and services. 

Our
products and services depend largely on the availability of hydrogen gas. We are dependent upon hydrogen suppliers for success with the
profitable commercialization of our products and services. If these fuels are not readily available or if their prices are such that
energy produced by our products costs more than energy provided by other sources, then our products could be less attractive to potential
users and our products value proposition could be negatively affected. If hydrogen suppliers elect not to participate in the material
handling market, there may be an insufficient supply of hydrogen for this market that could negatively affect our sales and deployment
of our products and services. 

We
will continue to be dependent on certain third-party key suppliers for components in our products. The failure of a supplier to develop
and supply components in a timely manner or at all, or our inability to obtain substitute sources of these components on a timely basis
or on terms acceptable to us, could impair our ability to manufacture our products or could increase our cost of production. 

We
rely on certain key suppliers for critical components in our products, and there are numerous other components for our products that
are sole sourced. If we fail to maintain our relationships with our suppliers or build relationships with new suppliers, or if suppliers
are unable to meet our demand, we may be unable to manufacture our products, or our products may be available only at a higher cost or
after a delay. In addition, to the extent that our supply partners use technology or manufacturing processes that are proprietary, we
may be unable to obtain comparable components from alternative sources. 

The
failure of a supplier to develop and supply components in a timely manner or at all, or to develop or supply components that meet our
quality, quantity and cost requirements, or our inability to obtain substitute sources of these components on a timely basis or on terms
acceptable to us, could impair our ability to manufacture our products or could increase our cost of production. If we cannot obtain
substitute materials or components on a timely basis or on acceptable terms, we could be prevented from delivering our products to our
customers within required timeframes. Any such delays could result in sales and installation delays, cancellations, penalty payments
or loss of revenue and market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. 

We
depend on a concentration of anchor customers for the majority of our revenues and the loss of any of these customers would adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We
sell most of our products to a few anchor customers, and while we are continually seeking to expand our customer base, we expect this
will continue for the next several years. Any decline in business with significant customers could have an adverse impact on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. Our future success is dependent upon the continued purchases of our products by a small
number of customers. If we are unable to broaden our customer base and expand relationships with potential customers, our business will
continue to be impacted by demand fluctuations due to our dependence on a small number of customers. Demand fluctuations can have a negative
impact on our revenues, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our dependence on a small number of major
customers exposes us to additional risks. A slowdown, delay or reduction in a customer s orders could result in excess inventories
or unexpected quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and liquidity. Each of our major customers has significant purchasing leverage
over us to require changes in sales terms including pricing, payment terms and product delivery schedules, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

7 

Volatility
in commodity prices and product shortages may adversely affect our gross margins. 

Some
of our products contain commodity-priced materials. Commodity prices and supply levels affect our costs. Any shortages could adversely
affect our ability to produce commercially viable fuel cell systems and significantly raise our cost of producing our fuel cell systems.
While we do not anticipate significant near- or long-term shortages in the supply of platinum, a shortage could adversely affect our
ability to produce commercially viable fuel cells or raise our cost of producing such products. Our ability to pass on such increases
in costs in a timely manner depends on market conditions, and the inability to pass along cost increases could result in lower gross
margins. 

Our
ability to source parts and raw materials from our suppliers could be disrupted or delayed in our supply chain which could adversely
affect our results of operations. 

Our
operations require significant amounts of necessary parts and raw materials. We deploy a continuous, companywide process to source our
parts and raw materials from fewer suppliers, and to obtain parts from suppliers in low-cost countries where possible. If we are unable
to source these parts or raw materials, our operations may be disrupted, or we could experience a delay or halt in certain of our manufacturing
operations. We believe that our supply management and production practices are based on an appropriate balancing of the foreseeable risks
and the costs of alternative practices. Nonetheless, reduced availability or interruption in supplies, whether resulting from more stringent
regulatory requirements, supplier financial condition, increases in duties and tariff costs, disruptions in transportation, an outbreak
of a severe public health pandemic, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, severe weather, or the occurrence or threat of wars or other conflicts,
could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Weakness
in the economy, market trends and other conditions affecting the profitability and financial stability of our customers could negatively
impact our sales growth and results of operations. 

The
demand for our products and services is sensitive to the production activity, capital spending and demand for products and services of
our customers. Many of our customers operate in markets that are subject to cyclical fluctuations resulting from market uncertainty,
trade and tariff policies, costs of goods sold, currency exchange rates, central bank interest rate changes, foreign competition, offshoring
of production, oil and natural gas prices, geopolitical developments, labor shortages, inflation, deflation, and a variety of other factors
beyond our control. Any of these factors could cause customers to idle or close facilities, delay purchases, reduce production levels,
or experience reductions in the demand for their own products or services. 

Any
of these events could also reduce the volume of products and services these customers purchase from us or impair the ability of our customers
to make full and timely payments and could cause increased pressure on our selling prices and terms of sale. Accordingly, a significant
or prolonged slowdown in activity in the United States or any other major world economy, or a segment of any such economy, could negatively
impact our sales growth and results of operations. 

8 

We
face risks associated with our plans to market, distribute and service our products and services internationally. 

We
have begun to market our product offerings internationally. We have limited experience operating internationally, including developing
and manufacturing our products to comply with the commercial and legal requirements of international markets. Our success in international
markets will depend, in part, on our ability and that of our partners to secure relationships with foreign sub-distributors, and our
ability to manufacture products that meet foreign regulatory and commercial requirements. Additionally, our planned international operations
are subject to other inherent risks, including potential difficulties in enforcing contractual obligations and intellectual property
rights in foreign countries, and could be adversely affected due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, political and economic instability,
acts or threats of terrorism, changes in governmental policies or policies of central banks, expropriation, nationalization and/or confiscation
of assets, price controls, fund transfer restrictions, capital controls, exchange rate controls, taxes, unfavorable political and diplomatic
developments, changes in legislation or regulations and other additional developments or restrictive actions over which we will have
no control. 

Doing
business in foreign markets requires us to be able to respond to rapid changes in market, legal, and political conditions in these countries.
As we expand in international markets, we may face numerous challenges, including unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; potential
conflicts or disputes that countries may have to deal with; required compliance with anti-bribery laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act or the UK Anti-Bribery Act of 2010, data privacy requirements, labor laws and anti-competition regulations; export or import
restrictions; laws and business practices favoring local companies; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; longer payment cycles and
difficulties in collecting accounts receivables; difficulties in managing international operations; potentially adverse tax consequences,
tariffs, customs charges, bureaucratic requirements and other trade barriers; restrictions on repatriation of earnings and the burdens
of complying with a wide variety of international laws. Any of these factors could adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition. The success of our international expansion will depend, in part, on our ability to succeed in navigating the different legal,
regulatory, economic, social, and political environments. For example, in June 2016, voters in the United Kingdom approved a reference
to withdraw the United Kingdom s membership from the European Union, which is commonly known as Brexit. The United
Kingdom formally left the European Union on January 31, 2020, but the United Kingdom remained in the European Union s customs union
and single market for a transition period that expired on December 31, 2020. On December 24, 2020, the United Kingdom and the European
Union entered into a Trade and Cooperation Agreement which was applied on a provisional basis from January 1, 2021. While the economic
integration does not reach the level that existed during the time the United Kingdom was a member state of the European Union, the Trade
and Cooperation Agreement sets out preferential arrangements in areas such as trade in goods and in services, digital trade and intellectual
property. Negotiations between the United Kingdom and the European Union are expected to continue in relation to the relationship between
the United Kingdom and the European Union in certain other areas which are not covered by the Trade and Cooperation Agreement. The long
term effects of Brexit will depend on the effects of the implementation and application of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement and any
other relevant agreements between the United Kingdom and the European Union. We cannot predict the effect of Brexit nor do we have control
over whether and to which effect any other member state will decide to exit the European Union in the future. These developments, as
well as potential crises and forms of political instability arising therefrom or any other as of yet unforeseen development, may harm
our business. 

Our
investments in joint ventures may involve numerous risks that may affect the ability of such joint ventures to make distributions to
us. 

In
the future we plan to conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we share control with our joint venture participants.
Our joint venture participants may have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours, or those of the
joint venture. Furthermore, our joint venture participants may be unable to meet their economic or other obligations, and we may be required
to fulfill those obligations alone. Failure by us, or an entity in which we have a joint venture interest, to adequately manage the risks
associated with such joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint
ventures and, in turn, our business and operations. In addition, should any of these risks materialize, it could have a material adverse
effect on the ability of the joint venture to make future distributions to us. 

9 

Our
products and services face intense competition. 

The
markets for energy products are intensely competitive. Some of our competitors in the power sector (predominantly incumbent technologies)
are much larger than we are and may have the manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities to complete research, development, and commercialization
of profitable, commercially viable products more quickly and effectively than we can. There are many companies engaged in all areas of
traditional and alternative energy generation in the United States and abroad, including, among others, major electric, oil, chemical,
natural gas, battery, generator and specialized electronics firms, as well as universities, research institutions and foreign government-sponsored
companies. These firms are engaged in forms of power generation such as advanced battery technologies, generator sets, fast charged technologies
and other types of fuel cell technologies. In addition, the primary current value proposition for our customers stems from productivity
gains in using our solutions. Longer term, given evolving market dynamics and changes in alternative energy tax credits, if we are unable
to successfully develop future products that are competitive with competing technologies in terms of price, reliability and longevity,
customers may not buy our products. Technological advances in alternative energy products, battery systems or other fuel cell technologies
may make our products less attractive or render them obsolete. 

C. Financial
and Liquidity Risks 

If
we cannot obtain financing to support the sale of our products and service to our customers, such failure may adversely affect our liquidity
and financial position. 

Customers
representing most of our revenue purchase our products directly. These purchases require us to finance the manufacturing of such products,
either ourselves or through third-party financing sources. To date, we have been successful in obtaining or providing the necessary financing
arrangements. There is no certainty, however, that we will be able to continue to obtain or provide adequate financing for these arrangements
on acceptable terms, or at all, in the future. Failure to obtain or provide such financing may result in the loss of material customers
and product sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further,
if we are required to continue to pledge or restrict substantial amounts of our cash to support these financing arrangements, such cash
will not be available to us for other purposes, which may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial position. 

We
have incurred losses and anticipate continuing to incur losses. 

We
have not achieved operating profitability in any period since our formation and we will continue to incur net losses until we can produce
sufficient revenue to cover our costs. We anticipate that we will continue to incur losses until we can produce and sell our products
and services on a large-scale and cost-effective basis. We cannot guarantee when we will operate profitably, if ever. In order to achieve
profitability, we must successfully execute our planned path to profitability in the early adoption markets on which we are focused.
The profitability of our products depends largely on material and manufacturing costs and the market price of hydrogen. The hydrogen
infrastructure that is needed to support our growth readiness and cost efficiency must be available and cost efficient. We must continue
to shorten the cycles in our product roadmap with respect to improvement in product reliability and performance that our customers expect.
We must execute on successful introduction of our products into the market. We must accurately evaluate our markets for, and react to,
competitive threats in both other technologies (such as advanced batteries) and our technology field. Finally, we must continue to lower
our products build costs and lifetime service costs. If we are unable to successfully take these steps, we may never operate profitably,
and, even if we do achieve profitability, we may be unable to sustain or increase our profitability in the future. 

10 

D. Operational
Risks 

We
may not be able to expand our business or manage our future growth effectively. 

We
may not be able to expand our business or manage future growth. We plan to continue to improve our manufacturing processes and build
additional manufacturing production over the next five years, which will require successful execution of: 

expanding our
 existing customers and expanding to new markets 

ensuring manufacture, delivery
 and installation of our products 

implementing and improving
 additional and existing administrative, financial and operations systems, procedures and controls 

hiring additional employees 

expanding and upgrading
 our technological capabilities 

managing relationships
 with our customers and suppliers and strategic partnerships with other third parties 

maintaining adequate liquidity
 and financial resources and 

continuing to increase
 our revenues from operations. 

Ensuring
delivery of our products is subject to many market risks, including scarcity, significant price fluctuations and competition. Maintaining
adequate liquidity is dependent upon a variety of factors, including continued revenues from operations, working capital improvements,
and compliance with our debt instruments. We may not be able to achieve our growth strategy and increase production capacity as planned
during the foreseeable future. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities,
develop new products, satisfy customer requirements, execute our business plan, or respond to competitive pressures. 

Delays
in or not completing our product development goals may adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 

If
we experience delays in meeting our development goals, our products exhibit technical defects, or if we are unable to meet cost or performance
goals, including power output, useful life and reliability, the profitable commercialization of our products will be delayed. In this
event, potential purchasers of our products may choose alternative technologies and any delays could allow potential competitors to gain
market advantages. We cannot assure that we will successfully meet our commercialization schedule in the future. 

Periodically,
we may enter into contracts with our customers for certain products that have not been developed or produced. There can be no assurance
that we will complete the development of these products and meet the specifications required to fulfill customer agreements and deliver
products on schedule. Pursuant to such agreements, the customers would have the right to provide notice to us if, in their good faith
judgment, we have materially deviated from such agreements. Should a customer provide such notice, and we cannot mutually agree to a
modification to the agreement, then the customer may have the right to terminate the agreement, which could adversely affect our future
business. 

11 

Other
than our current products, which we believe to be commercially viable at this time, we do not know when or whether we will successfully
complete research and development of other commercially viable products that could be critical to our future. If we are unable to develop
additional commercially viable products, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to become profitable. The profitable commercialization
of our products depends on our ability to reduce the costs of our components and subsystems, and we cannot assure you that we will be
able to sufficiently reduce these costs. In addition, the profitable commercialization of our products requires achievement and verification
of their overall reliability, efficiency and safety targets, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to develop, acquire or license
the technology necessary to achieve these targets. We must complete additional research and development to fill our product portfolios
and deliver enhanced functionality and reliability in order to manufacture additional commercially viable products in commercial quantities.
In addition, while we continue to conduct tests to predict the overall life of our products, we may not have run our products over their
projected useful life prior to large-scale commercialization. As a result, we cannot be sure that our products will last as long as predicted,
resulting in possible warranty claims and commercial failures. 

Our
products use flammable fuels that are inherently dangerous substances. 

Our
fuel cell systems use hydrogen gas in catalytic reactions. While our products do not use this fuel in a combustion process, hydrogen
gas is a flammable fuel that could leak and combust if ignited by another source. Further, any such accidents involving our products
or other products using similar flammable fuels could materially suppress demand for, or heighten regulatory scrutiny of, our products. 

The
risk of product liability claims and associated adverse publicity is inherent in the development, manufacturing, marketing and sale of
fuel cell products, including products fueled by hydrogen, a flammable gas. Any liability for damages resulting from malfunctions or
design defects could be substantial and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. In addition, an actual or perceived problem with our products could adversely affect the market s perception of our
products resulting in a decline in demand for our products, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

Our
purchase orders may not ship, be commissioned or installed, or convert to revenue. 

Some
of the orders we accept from customers require certain conditions or contingencies to be satisfied, or may be cancelled, prior to shipment
or prior to commissioning or installation, some of which are outside of our control. The time periods from receipt of an order to shipment
date and installation vary widely and are determined by a number of factors, including the terms of the customer contract and the customer s
deployment plan. There may also be product redesign or modification requirements that must be satisfied prior to shipment of units under
certain of our agreements. If the redesigns or modifications are not completed, some or all of our orders may not ship or convert to
revenue. In certain cases, we publicly disclose anticipated, pending orders with prospective customers; however, those prospective customers
may require certain conditions or contingencies to be satisfied prior to entering into a purchase order with us, some of which are outside
of our control. Such conditions or contingencies that may be required to be satisfied before we receive a purchase order may include,
but are not limited to, successful product demonstrations or field trials. Converting orders into revenue is also dependent upon our
customers ability to obtain financing. Some conditions or contingencies that are out of our control may include, but are not limited
to, government tax policy, government funding programs, and government incentive programs. Additionally, some conditions and contingencies
may extend for several years. We may have to compensate customers, by either reimbursement, forfeiting portions of associated revenue,
or other methods depending on the terms of the customer contract, based on the failure on any of these conditions or contingencies. While
not probable, this could have an adverse impact on our revenue and cash flow. 

12 

We
are dependent on information technology in our operations and the failure of such technology may adversely affect our business. 

We
may experience problems with the operation of our current information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on
which we rely, as well as the development and deployment of new information technology systems, that could adversely affect, or even
temporarily disrupt, all or a portion of our operations until resolved. Inabilities and delays in implementing new systems can also affect
our ability to realize projected or expected cost savings. Despite the implementation of network security measures, our information technology
could be penetrated by outside parties (such as computer hackers or cyber terrorists) intent on extracting information, corrupting information
or disrupting business processes. Such unauthorized access could disrupt our business and could result in a loss of assets or reputational
damage. Additionally, any systems failures could impede our ability to timely collect and report financial results in accordance with
applicable laws. 

Our
financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

GAAP
is subject to interpretation by the FASB, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the SEC and various bodies formed to
promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. See Note 4, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to
our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the effect of new accounting pronouncements
on our financial statements. Any difficulties in implementing these pronouncements could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting
obligations, which could result in regulatory discipline and harm investors confidence in us. Further, the implementation of new
accounting pronouncements or a change in other principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our financial results. 

E. Regulatory
Risks 

The
reduction or elimination of government subsidies and economic incentives for alternative energy technologies, or the failure to renew
such subsidies and incentives, could reduce demand for our products, lead to a reduction in our revenues and adversely impact our operating
results and liquidity. 

We
believe that the near-term growth of alternative energy technologies is affected by the availability and size of government and economic
incentives. Many of these government incentives expire, phase out over time, may exhaust the allocated funding, or require renewal by
the applicable authority. In addition, these incentive programs could be reduced or discontinued for other reasons. The investment tax
credit under the U.S. tax code was renewed in February 2018. The renewal allows for a 30 investment tax credit which declines to 26 
for 2021 and 2022, 22 in 2023, and zero for 2024 and later. The reduction, elimination, or expiration of the investment tax credit or
other government subsidies and economic incentives, or the failure to renew such tax credit, governmental subsidies, or economic incentives,
may result in the diminished economic competitiveness of our products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect the
growth of alternative energy technologies, including our products, as well as our future operating results and liquidity. 

We
are subject to various federal, state and local environmental and human health and safety laws and regulations that could impose significant
costs and liabilities on us. 

Our
operations are subject to federal, state, and local environmental and human health and safety laws and regulations, including laws and
regulations relating to the use, handling, storage, transportation, disposal and human exposure to hazardous substances and wastes, product
safety, emissions of pollution into the environment and human health and safety. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur, costs
to comply with these laws and regulations. Violation of these laws or regulations or the occurrence of an explosion or other accident
in connection with our fuel cell systems at our properties or at third party locations could lead to substantial liabilities and sanctions,
including fines and penalties, cleanup costs or the requirement to undertake corrective action. Further, environmental laws and regulations,
and the administration, interpretation and enforcement thereof, are subject to change and may become more stringent in the future, each
of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

13 

Additionally,
certain environmental laws impose liability, which can be joint, several and strict, on current and previous owners and operators of
real property for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances and damage to natural resources. These laws often impose
liability even if the owner or operator did not know of, or was not responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. They can
also assess liability on persons who arrange for hazardous substances to be sent to disposal or treatment facilities when such facilities
are found to be contaminated, and such persons can be responsible for cleanup costs even if they never owned or operated the contaminated
facility. Our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances may adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Trade
policies, treaties and tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
business is dependent on the availability of raw materials and components for our products, particularly electrical components common
in the semiconductor industry. There is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and
various other countries, most significantly China, with respect to trade policies, treaties, tariffs and taxes. The new U.S. presidential
administration and U.S. Congress is in the process of revisiting and, in some cases, reversing changes made by the prior U.S. presidential
administration. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, could have a material adverse effect on global economic
conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and could significantly reduce global trade and, in particular, trade between
the impacted nations and the United States. 

This
uncertainty includes the possibility of imposing tariffs or penalties on products manufactured outside the United States, including the
U.S. government s institution of a 25 tariff on a range of products from China and subsequent tariffs imposed by the United States
as well as tariffs imposed by trading partners on U.S. goods. The institution of trade tariffs both globally and between the United States
and China specifically carries the risk of negatively affecting the overall economic conditions of both China and the United States,
which could have a negative impact on us. 

We
cannot predict whether, and to what extent, there may be changes to international trade agreements or whether quotas, duties, tariffs,
exchange controls or other restrictions on our products will be changed or imposed. Although we currently maintain alternative sources
for raw materials,, if we are unable to source our products from the countries where we wish to purchase them, either because of regulatory
changes or for any other reason, or if the cost of doing so increases, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Disruptions in the supply of raw materials and components could temporarily impair our ability to
manufacture our products for our customers or require us to pay higher prices to obtain these raw materials or components from other
sources, which could affect our business and our results of operations. Furthermore, the imposition of tariffs on items imported by us
from China or other countries could increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. 

14 

Our
business may become subject to increased government regulation. 

Our
products are subject to certain federal, local, and non-U.S. laws and regulations, including, for example, state and local ordinances
relating to building codes, public safety, electrical and gas pipeline connections, hydrogen transportation and siting and related matters.
See Item 1, Business Government Regulations for additional information. In certain jurisdictions, these regulatory
requirements may be more stringent than those in the United States. Further, as products are introduced into the market commercially,
governments may impose new regulations. We do not know the extent to which any such regulations may impact our ability to manufacture,
distribute, install and service our products. Any regulation of our products, whether at the federal, state, local or foreign level,
including any regulations relating to the production, operation, installation, and servicing of our products may increase our costs and
the price of our products, and noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to investigations, sanctions, enforcement
actions, fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties or injunctions. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, our business, operating
results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in
a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and an increase in professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions
could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Changes
in tax laws or regulations or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our
operating results and financial condition. 

We
are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. A number of factors may adversely affect our future
effective tax rates, such as the jurisdictions in which our profits are determined to be earned and taxed; changes in the valuation of
our deferred tax assets and liabilities; adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns; changes in available
tax credits, grants and other incentives; changes in stock-based compensation expense; the availability of loss or credit carryforwards
to offset taxable income; changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles or interpretations thereof; or examinations by US federal,
state or foreign jurisdictions that disagree with interpretations of tax rules and regulations in regard to positions taken on tax filings.
A change in our effective tax rate due to any of these factors may adversely affect the carrying value of our tax assets and our future
results from operations. 

In
addition, as our business grows, we are required to comply with increasingly complex taxation rules and practices. We are subject to
tax in multiple U.S. tax jurisdictions and in foreign tax jurisdictions as we expand internationally. The development of our tax strategies
requires additional expertise and may impact how we conduct our business. If our tax strategies are ineffective or we are not in compliance
with domestic and international tax laws, our financial position, operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

E. Strategic
Risks 

We
may be unable to establish or maintain relationships with third parties for certain aspects of continued product development, manufacturing,
distribution and servicing and the supply of key components for our products. 

We
will need to maintain and may need to enter into additional strategic relationships in order to complete our current product development
and commercialization plans. We may also require partners to assist in the sale, servicing and supply of components for our current products
and anticipated products, which are in development. If we are unable to identify, enter into, and maintain satisfactory agreements with
potential partners, including those relating to the supply, distribution, service and support of our current products and anticipated
products, we may not be able to complete our product development and commercialization plans on schedule or at all. We may also need
to scale back these plans in the absence of needed partners, which could adversely affect our future prospects for development and commercialization
of future products. While we have entered into relationships with suppliers of some key components for our products, we do not know when
or whether we will secure supply relationships for all required components and subsystems for our products, or whether such relationships
will be on terms that will allow us to achieve our objectives. Our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition
could be harmed if we fail to secure relationships with entities that can develop or supply the required components for our products
and provide the required distribution and servicing support. Additionally, the agreements governing our current relationships allow for
termination by our partners under certain circumstances, some of which are beyond our control. If any of our current strategic partners
were to terminate any of its agreements with us, there could be a material adverse impact on the continued development and profitable
commercialization of our products and the operation of our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

15 

We
may be unable to make attractive acquisitions or successfully integrate acquired businesses, assets or properties, and any ability to
do so may disrupt our business and hinder our ability to grow, divert the attention of key personnel, disrupt our business and impair
our financial results. 

As
part of our business strategy, we intend to consider acquisitions of companies, technologies and products. We may not be able to identify
such attractive acquisition opportunities. Acquisitions, involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business, including, among
other things: 

difficulty
 in integrating the technologies, products, operations and existing contracts of a target company and realizing the anticipated benefits
 of the combined businesses; 

mistaken assumptions about
 volumes or the timing of those volumes, revenues or costs, including synergies; 

negative perception of
 the acquisition by customers, financial markets or investors; 

difficulty in supporting
 and transitioning customers, if any, of the target company; 

inability to achieve anticipated
 synergies or increase the revenue and profit of the acquired business; 

the assumption of unknown
 liabilities; 

exposure to potential lawsuits; 

limitations on rights to
 indemnity from the seller; 

the diversion of management s
 and employees attention from other business concerns; 

unforeseen difficulties
 operating in new geographic areas; 

customer or key employee
 losses at the acquired businesses; 

the price we pay or other
 resources that we devote may exceed the value we realize; or\ 

the value we could have
 realized if we had allocated the purchase price or other resources to another opportunity and inability to generate sufficient revenue
 to offset acquisition costs. 

In
addition, if we finance acquisitions by issuing equity securities, our existing stockholders may be diluted. As a result, if our forecasted
assumptions for these acquisitions and investments are not accurate, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of any such acquisitions,
and we may incur costs in excess of what we had anticipated. 

Risks
Related To Our Common Stock 

The
market price of our common stock may be volatile and may be affected by market conditions beyond our control. 

The
market price of our common stock is subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors: 

variations
 in our operating results and market conditions specific to technology companies; 

changes in financial estimates
 or recommendations by securities analysts; 

announcements of innovations
 or new products or services by us or our competitors; 

16 

the emergence
 of new competitors; 

operating and market price
 performance of other companies that investors deem comparable; 

changes in our board or
 management; 

sales or purchases of our
 common stock by insiders; 

commencement of, or involvement
 in, litigation; 

changes in governmental
 regulations; and 

general economic conditions
 and slow or negative growth of related markets. 

In
addition, if the market for stocks in our industry or the stock market in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the market
price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition or results of operations. If any of
the foregoing occurs, it could cause the price of our common stock to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful,
could be costly to defend and a distraction to the board of directors and management. 

If
we are unable to pay the costs associated with being a public, reporting company, we may be forced to discontinue operations. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB tier of the marketplace maintained by OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol REII. 
We expect to have significant costs associated with being a public, reporting company, which may raise substantial doubt about our ability
to sell our equity securities and/or continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern will depend on positive
cash flow, if any, from future operations and on our ability to raise additional funds through equity or debt financing. If we are unable
to achieve the necessary product sales or raise or obtain needed funding to cover the costs of operating as a public, reporting company,
we may be forced to discontinue operations. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB tier of the marketplace maintained by OTC Markets Group, Inc., which may make it more difficult for
investors to resell their shares due to suitability requirements. 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB tier of the marketplace maintained by OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol REII. 
Broker-dealers often decline to trade in over-the-counter stocks given the market for such securities are often limited, the stocks are
more volatile, and the risk to investors is greater. These factors may reduce the potential market for our common stock by reducing the
number of potential investors. This may make it more difficult for investors in our common stock to sell shares to third parties or to
otherwise dispose of their shares. This could cause our stock price to decline. 

Our
principal stockholders have the ability to exert significant control in matters requiring stockholder approval and could delay, deter,
or prevent a change in control of our company. 

Robert
Mount and Lynn Barney have beneficial ownership of our preferred stock and common stock with over 97 of the shareholder votes combined.
As a result, they have the ability to influence matters affecting our shareholders, including the election of our directors, the acquisition
or disposition of our assets, and the future issuance of our shares. Because they controls such shares, investors may find it difficult
to replace our management if they disagree with the way our business is being operated. Because the influence by these shareholders could
result in management making decisions that are in the best interest of those shareholders and not in the best interest of the investors,
you may lose some or all of the value of your investment in our common stock. Investors who purchase our common stock should be willing
to entrust all aspects of operational control to our current management team. 

17 

We
do not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
do not intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We do not plan on making any cash distributions in the manner of a dividend
or otherwise. Our Board presently intends to follow a policy of retaining earnings, if any. 

Future
sales and issuances of our capital stock or rights to purchase capital stock could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership
of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to decline. 

Future
sales and issuances of our capital stock or rights to purchase our capital stock could result in substantial dilution to our existing
stockholders. We may sell common stock, convertible securities and other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and
in a manner as we may determine from time to time. If we sell any such securities in subsequent transactions, investors may be materially
diluted. New investors in such subsequent transactions could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our
common stock. 

In
addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for
public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations
and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application
in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty
regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to
invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative
expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our
efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due
to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business
may be adversely affected. 

We
also expect that being a public company and these new rules and regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain director and
officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage.
These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly
to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. 

As
a result of disclosure of information in this Annual Report and in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition
will become more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties.
If such claims are successful, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected, and even if the claims do not result
in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources
of our management and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The
market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse 

Stockholders
should be aware that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of
fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: 

control of
 the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; 

18 

manipulation
 of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; 

boiler room practices involving
 high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced salespersons; 

excessive and undisclosed
 bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and, 

the wholesale dumping of
 the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the resulting
 inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequential investor losses. 

Our
management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position
to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive within the confines
of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. The occurrence of these
patterns or practices could increase the volatility of our share price. 

Due
to the lack of a developed trading market for our securities, you may have difficulty selling your shares. 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB tier of the marketplace maintained by OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol REII. 
There currently is a very limited public trading market for our common stock. The lack of a developed public trading market for our shares
may have a negative effect on your ability to sell your shares in the future and it also may have a negative effect on the price, if
any, for which you may be able to sell your shares. As a result an investment in the shares may be illiquid in nature and investors could
lose some or all of their investment. 

Our
internal controls may be inadequate, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated
to the public. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive
and principal financial officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that
in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Our internal controls
may be inadequate or ineffective, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated
to the public. 

19 

Our
common stock is governed under The Securities Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990. 

The
Securities Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990 requires additional disclosure relating to the market for penny stocks in connection
with trades in any stock defined as a penny stock. The Commission has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any
equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Such exceptions include any equity
security listed on NASDAQ and any equity security issued by an issuer that has (i) net tangible assets of at least 2,000,000, if such
issuer has been in continuous operation for three years, (ii) net tangible assets of at least 5,000,000, if such issuer has been in
continuous operation for less than three years, or (iii) average annual revenue of at least 6,000,000, if such issuer has been in continuous
operation for less than three years. Unless an exception is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction
involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith. 

The
forward looking statements contained in this Annual Report may prove incorrect. 

This
Annual Report contains certain forward-looking statements, including among others: (i) anticipated trends in our financial condition
and results of operations; (ii) our business strategy for expanding distribution; and (iii) our ability to distinguish ourselves from
our current and future competitors. These forward-looking statements are based largely on our current expectations and are subject to
a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. In addition to the
other risks described elsewhere in this Risk Factors discussion, important factors to consider in evaluating such forward-looking
statements include: (i) changes to external competitive market factors or in our internal budgeting process which might impact trends
in our results of operations; (ii) anticipated working capital or other cash requirements; (iii) changes in our business strategy or
an inability to execute our strategy due to unanticipated changes in the biotechnology industry; and (iv) various competitive factors
that may prevent us from competing successfully in the marketplace. In light of these risks and uncertainties, many of which are described
in greater detail elsewhere in this Risk Factors discussion, there can be no assurance that the events predicted in forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report will, in fact, transpire. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
will incur ongoing costs and expenses for SEC reporting and compliance, without increased revenue we may not be able to remain in compliance,
making it difficult for investors to sell their shares, if at all. 

Going
forward, we will have ongoing SEC compliance and reporting obligations. Such ongoing obligations will require us to expend additional
amounts on compliance, legal and auditing costs. In order for us to remain in compliance, we will require increased revenues to cover
the cost of these filings, which could comprise a substantial portion of our available cash resources. If we are unable to generate sufficient
revenues to remain in compliance, it may be difficult for you to resell any shares you may purchase, if at all. 

We
have the right to issue additional common stock without consent of stockholders. This would have the effect of diluting investors 
ownership and could decrease the value of their investment. 

We
are authorized to issue 250,000,000 shares of common stock. Of these authorized shares, 6,080,580 shares are issued and outstanding as
of March 3, 2023. Therefore, we are authorized to issue up to an additional approximately 244 million unissued shares of our common stock
that may be issued by us for any purpose without the further consent or vote of our stockholders that would dilute stockholders 
percentage ownership of our company. 

20 

Our
officers and directors can sell some of their stock, which may have a negative effect on our stock price and ability to raise additional
capital, and may make it difficult for investors to sell their stock at any price. 

Our
officers and directors, as a group, are the beneficial owners of 192,506,606 shares of our common stock, representing more than 97 of
our total issued shares on a fully-diluted basis. Each individual officer, director, and control party may be able to sell up to 1 of
our outstanding stock (currently approximately 1.9 million shares on a fully-diluted basis) every 90 days in the open market pursuant
to Rule 144, which may have a negative effect on our stock price and may prevent us from obtaining additional capital. In addition, if
our officers and directors are selling their stock into the open market, it may make it difficult or impossible for investors to sell
their stock at any price. 

SPECIAL
NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

We
have made forward-looking statements in this Annual Report, including the sections entitled Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business, that are based on our management s
beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Forward-looking statements include the information
concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations, business strategies, financing plans, competitive position, industry
environment, potential growth opportunities, the effects of future regulation, and the effects of competition. Forward-looking statements
include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as the words
 believe, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, estimate 
or similar expressions. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including the risks
outlined under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, events,
levels of activity, performance or achievement. We are not under any duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date
of this Annual Report to conform these statements to actual results, unless required by law. 

ITEM
1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

This
Item is not applicable to us as we are not an accelerated filer, a large accelerated filer, or a well-seasoned issuer; however, we are
voluntarily disclosing that we have not received any written comments from the Commission staff more than 180 days before the end of
our fiscal year to which this Annual Report relates regarding our periodic or current reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and that remain unresolved. 

ITEM
2 PROPERTIES 

We
lease approximately 15,503 square feet of office space in Lindon, Utah, with a monthly payment of 29,012.49. The lease term ends in
October 2028. 

We
lease approximately 80,000 square feet of manufacturing space in American Fork, Utah, with a monthly payment of 41,643.05. The lease
term ends in July 2027. 

ITEM
3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not a party to or otherwise involved in any legal proceedings. 

In
the ordinary course of business, we are from time to time involved in various pending or threatened legal actions. The litigation process
is inherently uncertain and it is possible that the resolution of such matters might have a material adverse effect upon our financial
condition and/or results of operations. However, in the opinion of our management, other than as set forth herein, matters currently
pending or threatened against us are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

ITEM
4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

21 

PART
II 

ITEM
5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock is quoted on an unsolicited basis on the OTCQB tier of the marketplace maintained by OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol
 REII. Our stock is piggyback qualified for broker-dealer quotations. Our common
stock trades on a limited or sporadic basis and should not be deemed to constitute an established public trading market. There is no
assurance that there will be liquidity in the common stock. 

The
following table sets forth the high and low closing price for each quarter within the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 (starting
November 17, 2021, the day our common stock first began to trade), as provided by Nasdaq. The information reflects prices between dealers,
and does not include retail markup, markdown, or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. 

Fiscal
 Year Ended 

November
 30, 
 
 Transaction Prices 

Period 
 High 
 Low 
 
 2023 
 First
Quarter 
 3.72 
 0.05 

2022 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 0.06 
 0.03 

Third
 Quarter 
 0.07 
 0.05 

Second
 Quarter 
 0.17 
 0.04 

First
 Quarter 
 0.26 
 0.03 

2021 
 Fourth Quarter (starting
 November 17, 2021) 
 0.37 
 0.01 

The
Securities Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990 requires additional disclosure relating to the market for penny stocks in connection
with trades in any stock defined as a penny stock. The Commission has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any
equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to a few exceptions which we do not meet. Unless an exception
is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining
the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith. 

Holders 

As
of March 3, 2022, there were 6,090,580 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding and held by 211 holders of record, not including
shares held in street name in brokerage accounts which is unknown. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid any dividends on our common stock and do not expect to do so in the foreseeable future. We intend to apply our earnings,
if any, in expanding our operations and related activities. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be at the discretion of
the Board of Directors and will depend upon such factors as earnings levels, capital requirements, our financial condition and other
factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. 

22 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
do not have any disclosure related to this item. 

Recent
Issuance of Unregistered Securities 

Issuances
Under Prior Management 

On
December 10, 2020 we issued Common Stock Purchase Warrants to five individuals for the purchase of up to an aggregate of 112,500 shares
of our Common Stock. Alex Aliksanyan, our then Chief Executive Officer and a Director, was issued warrants to purchase up to 12,500 shares
of our Common Stock. Thomas Grbelja, our then Chief Financial Officer and a Director, was issued warrants to purchase up to 12,500 shares
of our Common Stock. William McLeod, our then Secretary and a Director, was issued warrants to purchase up to 25,000 shares of our Common
Stock. 

During
the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022, we issued 123,005 Common Stock Purchase Warrants to 7 individuals. Alex Aliksanyan, our then
Chief Executive Officer and a Director, was issued warrants to purchase up to 18,005 shares of our Common Stock. Thomas Grbelja, our
then Chief Financial Officer and a Director, was issued warrants to purchase up to 12,500 shares of our Common Stock. 

On
January 5, 2022, we issued additional Common Stock Purchase Warrants to 4 individuals. Thomas Grbelja, our then chief Financial Officer
and a Director, was issued warrants to purchase up to 25,000 shares of our Common Stock. 

On
February 4, 2022, we issued additional Common Stock Purchase Warrants to the following officers and directors: Alex Aliksanyan, our then
Chief Executive Officer and a Director, was issued warrants to purchase up to 2,525,000 shares of our Common Stock. Thomas Grbelja, our
then chief Financial Officer and a Director, was issued warrants to purchase up to 1,975,000 shares of our Common Stock. William McLeod,
our then Secretary and a Director, was issued warrants to purchase up to 575,000 shares of our Common Stock. 

On
May 26, 2022 the Company amended the 2019 and 2022 warrant agreements to reduce the exercise price from 0.20 and 0.0925, respectively,
to 0.062 per share. 

On
July 13, 2022 the Company amended the 2019 and 2022 warrant agreements to reduce the exercise price from 0.062 to 0.045 per share. 

All
of the issuances above were exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. 

Issuances
Related to our Acquisition of Renewable Innovations, Inc. 

On
December 1, 2022, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 1, 2022, by and among Nestbuilder, NB Merger Corp.,
a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Nestbuilder Merger Sub ), Renewable Innovations, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation Renewable Innovations ), Lynn Barney, as the representative of Renewable Innovations securityholders,
and Alex Aliksanyan, as the Nestbuilder representative, Nestbuilder acquired Renewable Innovations through the merger of Merger Sub with
and into Renewable Innovations (the Merger ), with Renewable Innovations continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming
a wholly owned subsidiary of Nestbuilder. 

In
connection with the transactions described above, we issued to the shareholders of Renewable Innovations an aggregate of 2,155,684 shares
of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, each share of which is convertible into 100 shares of our Common
Stock, which represents a 93 ownership interest based on our fully-diluted capitalization immediately following the Merger. As a result
of the foregoing transactions, we underwent a change of control on December 1, 2022. The issuances were exempt from registration pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM
6 RESERVED 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

23 

ITEM
7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

Our
Management s Discussion and Analysis contains not only statements that are historical facts, but also statements that are forward-looking
(within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Forward-looking
statements are, by their very nature, uncertain and risky. These risks and uncertainties include international, national and local general
economic and market conditions; demographic changes; our ability to sustain, manage, or forecast growth; our ability to successfully
make and integrate acquisitions; existing government regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations;
adverse publicity; competition; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; changes in business strategy or development
plans; business disruptions; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the ability to protect technology; and other risks
that might be detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Although
the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based
on facts and factors currently known by them. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and
uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements.
You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and in our other reports as we attempt
to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and
prospects. 

Nestbuilder.com
Corp 

Enclosed
with this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the audited financial statements of Nestbuilder.com Corp., a Nevada corporation, for the years
ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. This section of our Management s Discussion and Analysis discusses this business of Nestbuilder.com. 

Overview

Prior
to the transaction between Nestbuilder.com Corp. and Renewable Innovations, Inc., we were engaged in the business of providing digital
media and marketing services for the real estate industry. We generated revenue from service fees video
creation and production and referral fees from our LoseTheAgent.com website ). At the core of our
programs was our proprietary video creation technology which allowed for an automated conversion of data (text, video slices and pictures
of home listings) to a video with voice over and music. We provided video search, storage and marketing capabilities on multiple platform
dynamics for web and mobile. Once a home, personal or community video was created using our proprietary technology, it could be published
to social media, email or distributed to multiple real estate websites. 

In
addition, we owned and operated the web site LoseTheAgent.com ,
which is a site dedicated to peer-to-peer real estate transactions between home sellers and buyers - the so called For Sale By Owner
segment. We had approximately 100,000 home listings across all 50 states. We monetized the website by charging fees for both listing
a home for sale and picking up possible buyers messages of interest. We also planned on generating additional revenues by monetizing
seller/buyer data with targeted, interested parties. 

We
discontinued the historical business of Nestbuilder.com on February 28, 2023. 

24 

Going
Concern 

We
had received a report from our independent registered public accounting firm for our financial statements for the years ended November
30, 2022 and 2021 that included an explanatory paragraph describing the uncertainty as to our ability to continue as a going concern.
In order to continue as a going concern, we must effectively balance many factors and begin to generate sufficient revenue to fund our
operations. If we are not able to do this, we may not be able to continue as an operating company. At our current revenue and burn rate,
our cash on hand would not have covered our operating expenses for the next twelve months. 

Results
of Operations for the Year Ended November 30, 2022, compared to Year Ended November 30, 2021 

Revenue 

Total
revenue for the year ended November 30, 2022, was 46,675 compared to 61,050 for the year ended November 30, 2021, a decrease of 23.5 .
The decrease is primarily a result of declining legacy virtual tour business. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenues totaled 17,195 for year ended November 30, 2022, compared to 16,942 for the year ended November 30, 2021, representing
a decrease of 253. Cost of revenues consists primarily of engineering and server costs incurred in connection with maintenance of our
online networks. 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
operating expenses, which include salaries and benefits and general and administrative expenses, increased 1,001 to 882,832, for the
year ended November 30, 2022, compared to 80,244 for the year ended November 30, 2021, an increase of 802,588. Salary and benefit expense
increased 730,098 from 18,946 for the year ended November 30, 2021 to 749,044 for the year ended November 30, 2022. Stock-based compensation
amounted to 693,194, which includes vesting of warrants and restricted stock, during fiscal 2022. A breakdown of general and administrative
expenses is as follows: 

Fiscal Year Ended 

November 30, 

Expense 
 2022 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) 
 
 Professional fees 
 116,628 
 56,463 
 60,165 

Office and other miscellaneous 
 17,160 
 4,835 
 12,325 

Total 
 133,788 
 61,298 
 72,490 

Other
Income (Expenses) 

During
the current year, we obtained forgiveness of our PPP and SBA loan in the amount of 15,077. In addition, we recorded a loss on the extinguishment
of debt in the amount of 72,198. 

25 

Fiscal Year Ended 

November 30, 

Expense 
 2022 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 (72,198 
 - 
 (72,198 
 
 Interest expense 
 (7,258 
 (3,470 
 (3,788 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan from SBA 
 15,077 
 13,080 
 1,997 
 
 Total 
 (64,379 
 9,610 
 (73,989 

Net
Income/Loss 

We
had net loss of 917,731 for the year ended November 30, 2022, compared to a net loss of 27,070 for the year ended November 30, 2021,
for an increase of 890,661. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Introduction 

Our
principal needs for liquidity have been to fund operating losses and working capital requirements. Our principal source of liquidity
as of November 30, 2022, consisted of cash of 2,571. We expect that working capital requirements will continue to be our principal need
for liquidity over the near term. Working capital requirements are expected to increase as a result of our anticipated growth. 

We
have not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover our operating costs and allow us to continue as a going concern.
Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until we become profitable.
If we are unable to obtain adequate capital, we could be forced to cease operations. Management s plan to meet our operating expenses
in the short term is through equity and/or debt financing. 

Cash
Requirements 

On
November 30, 2022, we had 2,571 cash on-hand, a decrease of 17,051 from the prior year balance of 19,622. Based on our current revenues,
cash on hand, and our current net monthly burn rate of approximately 5,000 we will need to continue to raise money from the issuance
of equity to fund short term operations. 

Sources
and Uses of Cash 

Operations 

Net
cash used by operating activities was 150,473 for the year ended November 30, 2022, an increase of 105,791 from 44,682 used in operating
activities in the year ended November 30, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to the net loss from the year. 

Investments 

There
were no investing activities for the years ended November 30, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

26 

Financing 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 133,422 for the year ended November 30, 2022, as compared to net cash provided by financing
activities of 60,180 for the year ended November 30, 2021. 

Off-balance
sheet arrangements 

As
of November 30, 2022, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future
effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital resources
that are material to investors. 

Critical
accounting policies and estimates 

Our
critical accounting policies are set forth in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our financial statement
footnotes. 

Recent
accounting pronouncements 

We
have evaluated recent pronouncements and do not expect their adoption to have a material impact on our financial position or statements. 

ITEM
7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM
8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Nestbuilder.com
 Corp 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB # 
 F-1 

Balance Sheets as of November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Statement of Operations for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Statement of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6
 to F-18 

27 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of Nestbuilder.com Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Nestbuilder.com Corp. (the Company) as of November 30, 2022, and 2021, and the related
statements of operations, stockholders equity, (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended November
30, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of November 30, 2022, and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended November 30, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to
the financial statements, the Company had a net loss and net cash used in operating activities of 917,731 and 150,473, respectively,
for the year ended November 30, 2022, and a working capital deficit and accumulated deficit of 108,928 and 1,533,793, respectively,
as of November 30, 2022. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We
determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

March
 8, 2023 

F- 1 

NESTBUILDER.COM
CORP. 

 Balance
Sheets 

November
 30, 
 2022 
 November
 30, 
 2021 

Assets 

Current
 Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable and contract assets, net of allowance of 7,500
 and 0 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Total
 current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Deposits 

Right of use asset 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses 

Paycheck protection SBA loan 
 - 

Convertible promissory notes
 payable and accrued interest- related party 
 - 

Convertible
 promissory notes payable and accrued interest 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue customer deposits 

Lease liability - current portion 

Total
 current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 

Lease liability, net of current portion 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies
 (Note 8) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit) 

Convertible Series A Preferred
 stock, par value shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding on November 30, 2022, and November 30,
 2021. 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par
 value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at November 30, 2022 and at November 30,
 2021. 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Treasury stock, at cost 
 shares) 

Accumulated
 (deficit) 

Total
 stockholders (deficit) 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 2 

NESTBUILDER.COM
CORP. 

 Statements
of Operations 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the years ended 

November
 30, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Real estate media
 revenue 

Cost
 of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating
 expenses 

Salaries and benefits 

General
 and administrative 

Sales, general, and administrative 

Depreciation 

Total
 operating expenses 

Operating
 (loss) 

Other income
 (expense) 

Interest expense 

Gain on forgiveness of paycheck
 protection program loan from SBA 

Loss
 on extinguishment of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Rental income 

Stock based settlement expense 

Gain on settlement 

Total
 other income (expense) 

Income
 (loss) before income taxes 

Provision
 for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net
 (loss) 

Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Basic
 and diluted net (loss) per common share 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

NESTBUILDER.COM
CORP 

 Statement
of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 For the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock
 Par 
 Additional 
 Paid 
 Accumulated 
 Stock
 Subscription 
 Total 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Value 
 in Capital 
 Deficit 
 Receivable 
 Deficit

Balance
 November 30, 2020 - 

- 

Net operating
 loss - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 November 30, 2021 - 

- 

Balance - 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock for cash 

- 
 
 - 

Fair
 value of common stock issued for debt conversion 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of warrants, vested immediately, with convertible notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Cash
 received for stock subscription receivable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of warrants for
 cash 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Vesting
 of restricted stock 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net operating
 loss - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 November 30, 2022 - 

- 

Balance - 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

NESTBUILDER.COM
CORP. 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the years ended 

November
 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows
 from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Gain on forgiveness of paycheck
 protection program and SBA loan 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Vesting of restricted stock 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of warrants issued
with debt 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

Lease amortization 

Bad debt 

Gain on settlement 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll liabilities 

Right of use asset and lease liability, net 

Other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Increase in accrued interest
 on notes payable 

Increase (decrease) in accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating
 activities 

Cash flows
 from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash provided by investing
 activities 
 - 
 - 

Cash flows
 from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 

Proceed from issuance of stock 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from warrants exercised 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from stock subscriptions
 received 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from Paycheck Protection
 SBA Loan 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of
 convertible promissory notes- related party 

Proceeds from issuance of
 convertible promissory notes 

Net cash provided by financing
 activities 

Net increase (decrease) in
 cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Schedule
 of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Conversion debt settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Warrants amended with debt
 settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Warrants issued with convertible
 notes 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

NESTBUILDER.COM
CORP. 

 NOTES
TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOVEMBER
30, 2022 

cash equivalents as of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021. 

. When equipment is retired, sold or impaired, the resulting gain
or loss is reflected in earnings. The Company s Property and Equipment are fully depreciated. 

Identification
of the performance obligations in the contract - Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods
or services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the
goods or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from us, and are
distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the goods or services is separately identifiable from other promises
in the contract. To the extent a contract includes multiple promised goods or services, we apply judgment to determine whether promised
goods or services are capable of being distinct and distinct in the context of the contract. If these criteria are not met the promised
goods or services are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. 

Determination
of the transaction price - The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we will be entitled in exchange
for transferring goods or services to the customer adjusted for estimated variable consideration, if any. We typically estimate the transaction
price impact of discounts offered to the customers for early payments on receivables or rebates based on channel partner sales achievements.
Constraints are applied when estimating variable considerations based on historical experience where applicable. 

Allocation
of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract - All current contracts are of a single performance obligation
thus the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. We determine standalone selling price taking into
account available information such as historical selling prices of the performance obligation, geographic location, overall strategic
objective, market conditions and internally approved pricing guidelines related to the performance obligation. 

Recognition
of revenue when, or as, we satisfy performance obligation - We satisfy performance obligations either over time or at a point
in time as discussed in further detail below. Revenue is recognized at or over the time the related performance obligation is satisfied
by transferring a promised good or service to a customer. 

and , respectively. 

Shares on convertible promissory notes 
 - 

Shares on unvested restricted stock 
 
 - 
 
 Anti-dilutive securities 

. The Company did not have cash on deposit
in excess of such limit in fiscal year 2022 and 2021. 

, an accumulated deficit of and a net loss and net
cash used in operating activities of and , respectively for the year then ended. It is management s opinion that
these facts raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from
the date of this filing, without additional debt or equity financing. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts nor to the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be
necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In
order to meet its working capital needs through the next twelve months and to fund the growth of our business, the Company may consider
plans to raise additional funds through the issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock and or through the issuance of
debt instruments. Although the Company intends to obtain additional financing to meet our cash needs, the Company may be unable to secure
any additional financing on terms that are favorable or acceptable to it, if at all. 

Machinery and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Demonstration units 

Construction in progress 

Total property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment,
 net 
 
 - 
 - 

The
Company has recorded no depreciation expense for the years ended November 30, 2022, and 2021. 

Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

common stock warrants to its officers and directors. Each warrant is convertible into
 share of common stock with an exercise price of . The warrants expire on . Pursuant
to the terms of the Common Stock Purchase Warrants, th of the total number of shares underlying the warrants will
vest and become exercisable on the first anniversary of the date of issuance, and an additional l/12 th of the total number
of remaining shares underlying the warrants will vest and become exercisable on each of the monthly anniversaries thereafter, in each
case, so long as the holder continues to be a service provider of the Company. The foregoing vesting schedule is subject to acceleration
in the event of the service provider s death, disability, termination without cause or a change in control of the Company. 

On
May 5, 2022, Mr. Aliksanyan, our Chief Executive Officer and board member, Mr. Grbelja, our Chief Financial Officer and board member,
and Mr. McLeod, our Secretary and board member, exercised a portion of their warrants to purchase common stock. A total of warrants
were exercised at an exercise price of per share. 

There
was of related party stock-based compensation included in Salaries benefits expenses and of related party unvested
stock based compensation expense as of November 30, 2022 which will be recognized through February 28, 2024. 

Common
Stock Purchase Warrant Amendments 

On
May 26, 2022 the Company amended the 2019 and 2022 warrant agreements to reduce the exercise price from and , respectively,
to per share. 

On
July 13, 2022 the Company amended the 2019 and 2022 warrant agreements to reduce the exercise price from to per share. 

Mr.
Aliksanyan, our Chief Executive Officer and board member, Mr. Grbelja, our Chief Financial Officer and board member, and Mr. McLeod,
our Secretary and board member, had warrants outstanding as of November 30, 2022 that were included in the amended agreements.
 There was no adjustment to the fair value of the 2019 and 2022 warrants as a result of the warrant
modifications. See Note 7. 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

On
February 4, 2022, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock to its officers
and directors at a price per share of , the fair market value at the date of issuance . Pursuant to the terms of the Restricted
Stock Award Agreements, the restricted common stock vests in a series of eight (8) successive equal
quarterly installments beginning on the date of grant, provided that the grantee continuously provides services to the Company
as an employee, officer, director, contractor or consultant through the applicable vesting date. The foregoing vesting schedule is subject
to acceleration in the event of the service provider s death, disability, termination without cause, or a change in control of
the Company. There was of related party stock-based compensation included in Salaries and benefits expense and of related
party unvested restricted stock based compensation expense as of November 30, 2022 that will be recognized through February 28, 2024. 

shares consisting of:
 shares of common stock with a par value per shares; and shares of preferred stock, par value per
share. On May 31, 2019, we filed a certificate of designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to create a new class
of preferred stock designated as the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled
to receive dividends in an amount equal to any dividends or other Distribution on the Common Stock. The holders of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock are entitled to be paid out of the Available Funds and Assets, in preference to any payment or distribution of any Available
Funds and Assets on any shares of Common Stock or subsequent preferred stock, an amount per share equal to the Original Issue Price of
the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock plus all declared but unpaid dividends on the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. As of November 30, 2022, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding
and shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

On
February 4, 2022, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock at per share to its officers, contracted consultants
and professionals. Pursuant to the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreements, the restricted common stock vests
in a series of eight (8) successive equal quarterly installments beginning on the date of grant, provided that the grantee continuously
provides services to the Company as an employee, officer, director, contractor or consultant through the applicable vesting date. The
foregoing vesting schedule is subject to acceleration in the event of the service provider s death, disability, termination without
cause, or a change in control of the Company. There was of stock-based compensation included in Salaries and benefits expense
and of unvested restricted stock-based compensation expense as of November 30, 2022 that will be recognized through May 31,
2024. As of November 30, 2022, shares of restricted stock had vested, shares of restricted stock remain unvested. 

On
February 7, 2022, our existing noteholders exercised their conversion rights of of their balances and were issued shares
of common stock at and shares of common stock at for a total fair value of .
 As an incentive to convert their notes, three noteholders agreed to a modification where they converted a portion of their notes
at per common share. The share price at the time of the conversion was which resulted in a loss on debt conversion of ,
which is included in the loss on extinguishment of debt of on the Statement of Operations as of November 30, 2022. 

On
February 28, 2022, the company issued shares of its common stock at in exchange for in cash and a stock subscription
receivable of . The of the stock subscription receivable was received in March 2022. 

On
May 11, 2022, our remaining noteholders exercised their conversion rights of of their balances and were issued shares of
common stock at for a total fair value of . 

Common
stock warrants 

In
June 2021, the Company issued an additional warrants pursuant to the stock purchase agreement and issuance of convertible notes
in the amount of . The warrants have an exercise price of per share and the warrants vest immediately and expire on . The grant date value was zero. 

In
September 2021, the Company issued an additional warrants pursuant to the stock purchase agreement and issuance of convertible
notes in the amount of . The warrants have an exercise price of per share and the warrants vest immediately and expire on
 . The grant date value was zero. 

In
January 2022, the Company issued an additional warrants pursuant to the Securities Purchase
Agreement and issuance of convertible notes in the amount of . The warrants have an exercise price of per share and
the warrants vest immediately and expire on . The Company recorded of interest expense for these awards during
the year ended November 30, 2022. 

On
February 4, 2022, the Company issued common stock warrants to its officers, contracted consultants and professionals. Each
warrant is convertible into share of common stock with an exercise price of . The warrants expire on . Pursuant
to the terms of the Common Stock Purchase Warrants, th of the total number of shares underlying the warrants will
vest and become exercisable on the first anniversary of the date of issuance, and an additional l/12 th of the total number
of remaining shares underlying the warrants will vest and become exercisable on each of the monthly anniversaries thereafter, in each
case, so long as the holder continues to be a service provider of the Company. The foregoing vesting schedule is subject to acceleration
in the event of the service provider s death, disability, termination without cause or a change in control of the Company. 
There was of stock-based compensation expense included in Salaries and benefits expense as of November 30, 2022 and 
of unvested stock based compensation which will be recognized through February 28, 2024. 

On
 February 7, 2022, the Company and the purchasers under the Securities Purchase Agreement executed
Note Conversion and Warrant Amendment Agreements pursuant to which they amended the common stock purchase warrants issued pursuant to
the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 10, 2020, to reduce the exercise price per share from per share to per
share for warrants. As a result of the warrant modification in conjunction with the note conversion, was recorded as
a loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended November 30, 2022 , which is included
in the loss on extinguishment of debt of on the Statement of Operations. 

On
May 5, 2022, a portion of our existing common stock warrant holders exercised their purchase right to purchase common stock warrants
for . 

On
May 26, 2022, the Company executed a Warrant Amendment Agreement pursuant to which they amended the common stock purchase warrants issued
pursuant to the 2019 warrants and 2022 warrants, reducing the exercise price per share from and , respectively, to .
There was no adjustment to the fair value of the 2019 and 2022 warrants as a result of the warrant modifications. 

On
July 13, 2022, the Company executed a Warrant Amendment Agreement pursuant to which they amended the common stock purchase warrants issued
pursuant to the 2019 warrants and 2022 warrants, reducing the exercise price per share from to . There was no adjustment
to the fair value of the 2019 and 2022 warrants as a result of the warrant modifications. 

On
September 22, 2022, a portion of our existing common stock warrant holders exercised their purchase right to purchase common stock
warrants for . 

Warrants granted and issued 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants exchanged 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding, November 30, 2022 

Common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants 

Years 

Years 
 
 - 

Years 

Expected
 dividends 

Expected
 term (in years) 

years 

Risk-free
 rate 

per year. The initial term of the
Aliksanyan Employment Agreement is 12 months and may be extended by mutual agreement between us and Mr. Aliksanyan. On or about August
28, 2018, we entered into an oral agreement with Mr. Aliksanyan, as memorialized by a First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated September
25, 2018, pursuant to which Mr. Aliksanyan agreed to continue receiving his 2017 annual salary of per year in exchange for continued
employment and our agreement to adopt an employee stock option plan or similar plan for compensating, incentivizing, retaining and attracting
employees prior to June 30, 2019, from which Mr. Aliksanyan would be eligible to receive equity securities from time to time in the discretion
of our board of directors. On April 17, 2020, we terminated the employment of Alex Aliksanyan as our Chief Executive Officer, effective
as of April 20, 2020. On April 20, 2020, we and Mr. Aliksanyan entered into that certain Separation and Release of Claims Agreement,
dated April 20, 2020, whereby Mr. Aliksanyan terminated his Employment Agreement, dated August 17, 2018, as amended, and provided a release
of claims to us in exchange for a lump sum payment equal to , representing one month of his base salary. 

Pursuant
to the employment agreement with Thomas M. Grbelja (the Grbelja Employment Agreement ), Mr. Grbelja agreed to serve as our
Chief Financial Officer, devoting a minimum of of his time and attention to his duties as Chief Financial Officer. We agreed to pay
Mr. Grbelja an annual base salary of per year. The initial term of the Grbelja Employment Agreement is 12 months and may be extended
by mutual agreement between us and Mr. Grbelja. On or about August 28, 2018, we entered into an oral agreement with Mr. Grbelja, as memorialized
by a First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated September 25, 2018, pursuant to which Mr. Grbelja agreed to continue receiving his
2017 annual salary of per year in exchange for continued employment and our agreement to adopt an employee stock option plan
or similar plan for compensating, incentivizing, retaining and attracting employees prior to June 30, 2019, from which Mr. Grbelja would
be eligible to receive equity securities from time to time in the discretion of our board of directors. 

(each, a Note and collectively, the Notes and a Common Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase up
to shares of our common stock at an exercise price of per share (each, a Warrant , and collectively, the Warrants ).
The investors included Alex Aliksanyan, a Director, Thomas M. Grbelja, our Treasurer, Secretary and a Director and William McLeod, our
Chief Executive Officer and Director. 

The
Notes bear Interest at the rate of per annum and mature on . We may agree with the noteholders from time to time to
accept loan advances under the Notes up to the principal amount of the Notes. As of the date of this filing, the investors have made
aggregate loan advances under the Notes of , which includes an additional that was advanced under the existing agreement
on or about June 20, 2021 and an additional during September 2021. In January 2022 an additional advance of under the
existing agreement. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Notes, the holders of the Notes have the right, at their option, at any time, to convert the principal amount of
the Notes, and any accrued interest, into our common stock at a conversion of per share. However, each holder of a Note will not
have the right to convert any portion of his Note if the holder (together with his affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 
of the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the conversion, as such a percentage ownership
is determined in accordance with the terms of the Note. Each holder has the right to waive the foregoingconversionon limitations, in
whole or in part, upon and effective after 61 days prior written notice to us. 

On
February 7, 2022, the existing noteholders exercised their conversion rights and were issued common shares at for a total
value of . Three noteholders agreed to a modification where they converted a portion of their notes at per share and were
issued common shares for a total value of . See Note 6 and Note 7 for additional disclosure. 

On
May 11, 2022, our remaining noteholders exercised their conversion rights and were issued shares of common stock at for
a total value of . There are no convertible notes outstanding as of November 30, 2022. 

loan from TD Bank pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program PPP under the
 CARES Act . The Company applied for and received forgiveness from the SBA on May 24, 2021, in the amount of . The
Company recorded the gain on forgiveness of this loan as a component of other income. 

In
March 2021, the Company obtained an additional Paycheck Protection Program loan in the amount of from the SBA since we satisfied
the requirements established by the SBA to obtain an additional loan. The Company applied for and received forgiveness from the SBA in
December 2021 in the amount of . The Company recorded the gain on forgiveness of this loan as a component of other income. 

Permanent differences, PPP forgiveness 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income tax 
 - 
 - 

Deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

Net deferred tax assets- net operating losses 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all
the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future
taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences will become deductible. The Company considers the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. The Company has recorded
a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets because it is not currently able to conclude that it is more likely than
not that these assets will be realized. The change in the valuation allowance during the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 was approximately
 and
 ,
respectively. The amount of deferred tax assets considered to be realizable could be increased in the near term if estimates of future
taxable income during the carryforward period are increased. 

As
of November 30, 2022, the Company had unused net operating loss carry forwards of available to reduce federal taxable income.
The Company s ability to offset future taxable income, if any, with tax net operating loss carryforwards may be limited due to
the non-filing of tax returns. Under the CARES act, net operating losses arising after 2017 are able to be carryforward indefinitely.
Furthermore, changes in ownership may result in limitations under Internal Revenue Code Section 382. 

shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding and warrants outstanding to acquire up to
an aggregate of shares of our Common Stock. As a result of the Merger, we issued to the shareholders of Renewable Innovations
an aggregate of shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share, each share of which is convertible
into shares of our Common Stock, which represents a ownership interest based on our fully-diluted capitalization immediately
following the Merger. As a result of the foregoing transactions, we underwent a change of control on December 1, 2022, which will be
accounted for as a reverse merger. 

F- 18 

ITEM
9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There
are no events required to be disclosed under this Item. 

ITEM
9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a)
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as of November 30, 2022, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the
reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the Securities Exchange Commission s rules and forms, including to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in
the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal
executive and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of November
30, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses
identified and described in Item 9A(b). 

Our
principal executive officers do not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. Although
our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our principal
executive officers have determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at doing so, a control system, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute assurance that the objectives of the system are met. Further,
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the
realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally,
controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed
in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

(b)
Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as amended, as a process designed
by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by our board of directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and includes those
policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and any disposition of our
 assets; 

28 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of our management and directors; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022
.. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, Management identified the following two material
weaknesses that have caused management to conclude that, as of November 30, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures, and our internal
control over financial reporting, were not effective at the reasonable assurance level: 

1.
We do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls
over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to
have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has
concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

2.
We do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size and nature,
segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible,
the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals.
Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures
and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

To
address these material weaknesses, management performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements
included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods
presented. Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only our management s report in this Annual Report. 

29 

(c)
Remediation of Material Weaknesses 

To
remediate the material weakness in our documentation, evaluation and testing of internal controls we plan to engage a third-party firm
to assist us in remedying this material weakness once resources become available. 

We
also intend to remedy our material weakness with regard to insufficient segregation of duties by hiring additional employees in order
to segregate duties in a manner that establishes effective internal controls once resources become available. 

(d)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

No
change in our system of internal control over financial reporting occurred during the period covered by this report, fourth quarter of
the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

30 

PART
III 

ITEM
10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth the names, ages, and biographical information of each of our current directors and executive officers, and
the positions with the Company held by each person, and the date such person became a director or executive officer of the Company. Our
executive officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors. The directors serve one-year terms until their successors are elected.
The executive officers serve terms of one year or until their death, resignation or removal by the Board of Directors. Family relationships
among any of the directors and officers are described below. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 

Robert
 L. Mount 
 
 67 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Director 

Lynn
 Barney 
 
 75 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary, and Director 

Robert
L. Mount , age 67, was appointed on December 1, 2022 to serve as our Chief Executive Officer, President and a director, effective
immediately. Mr. Mount has been the Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of Renewable Innovations, Inc., now our wholly-owned
subsidiary, since its inception in June 2019. Prior to Renewable Innovations, for 24 years through December 2020, Mount was the Chief
Executive Officer of Power Innovations, Inc., and remained an employee there until March 31, 2021. 

Mr.
Mount has 45 years of dynamic, entrepreneurial, and driven results-oriented leadership with a strong track record as the originator,
facilitator, and builder of world-class technology in the power industry. Bob is keenly aware of market opportunities and has a strong
propensity towards strategic implementation of ideas and programs. He addresses upcoming market needs and trends with innovative and
technologically sound solutions, and he is always ready to step up to diverse challenges to capitalize on new market opportunities. 

Industry
Leadership 

Fuel
 Cell Hydrogen Energy Association (FCHEA), Director 
 
 Stationary
 Power Working Group, Chair 
 
 Government
 Affairs Committee, Member 
 
 Communications
 and Marketing Committee, Member 
 
 Center
 for Hydrogen Safety (CHS), Member 
 
 H2
 Equipment and Component Failure Rates Committee, Member 
 
 H2
 Safety Credential Committee, Member 
 
 Asia-Pacific
 Hydrogen Safety Conference, Co-Chair US
Hydrogen Roadmap 

US
 Hydrogen Roadmap Research, Study Team Member 
 
 US
 Hydrogen Roadmap Steering Committee, Member US
Department of Energy 

Hydrogen
 Fuel Cell Technical Advisory Committee (HTAC) (Appointment Only by the DOE / Reports
 to the Secretary of Energy, 2017-2020) 

31 

National
 Renewable Energy Lab - Research Partner in collaboration with Daimler and Hewlett-Packard
 Enterprises 
 
 Intermountain
 Western Alternative Fuel Corridor, Member 
 
 New
 Zealand Hydrogen Association, Member 

Education:
Brigham Young University, Drexel University: Engineering (Electrical, Aerospace / Mechanical) 

Lynn
B. Barney , age 75, was appointed on December 1, 2022 to serve as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, effective immediately,
and as a director, effective 10 days after the mailing of this Information Statement to our shareholders. Mr. Barney has been the Chief
Financial Officer, Secretary and a director of Renewable Innovations, Inc., now our wholly-owned subsidiary, since its inception in June
2019. Prior to Renewable Innovations, Mr. Barney served as the Chief Financial Officer of Power Innovations from 2001 to 2015 when he
retired and became a private investor in real estate and was a co-founder of Renewable Innovations with Mr. Mount. 

Mr.
Barney has extensive experience in business having founded a commercial bank in Utah after working for the largest bank in the state.
After selling the bank, he served as the CEO of a publicly traded laser company which was listed on the Pink Sheets. Under his leadership,
the company (BriteSmile) developed the world s first laser tooth whitening procedure. He guided that company to the full list of
the American Stock Exchange where it became the number one growth stock on all three exchanges in the first quarter of 1996 which led
to his interview by Mark Haines on CNBC s Squawk Box on May 29, 1996. In 2001, Mr. Barney became an early investor in Power Innovations.
In 2014, Mr. Barney was the lead in closing the sale of the Company to LiteOn Technologies. 

Education:
BA, MBA University of Utah (Management and Finance). 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any of our officers or directors. 

Other
Directorships; Director Independence 

Other
than as set forth above, none of our officers and directors is a director of any company with a class of securities registered pursuant
to section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of section 15(d) of such Act or any company registered as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

For
purposes of determining director independence, we have applied the definitions set out in NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2). The OTC marketplace
on which shares of common stock are quoted does not have any director independence requirements. The NASDAQ definition of Independent
Officer means a person other than an Executive Officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship
which, in the opinion of the company s Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying
out the responsibilities of a director. According to the NASDAQ definition, none of our directors are independent. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors and executive officers and persons who own more than ten percent
of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
of common stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent shareholders are required
by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

32 

None
of our officers, directors, or beneficial owners of more than ten percent of our common stock has filed reports required by section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act during the most recent fiscal year or prior fiscal years. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board of Directors does not maintain a separate audit, nominating or compensation committee. Functions customarily performed by such
committees are performed by its Board of Directors as a whole. We are not required to maintain such committees under the applicable rules
of the OTC. We do not currently have an audit committee financial expert since we currently do not have an audit committee
in place. We intend to create board committees, including an independent audit committee, in the near future. 

We
do not currently have a process for security holders to send communications to the Board. 

During
the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, the Board of Directors met as necessary. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our officers or directors has, in the past ten years, filed bankruptcy, been convicted in a criminal proceeding or named in a pending
criminal proceeding, been the subject of any order, judgment, or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining him or her
from any securities activities, or any other disclosable event required by Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have not adopted a written code of ethics, primarily because we believe and understand that our officers and directors adhere to and
follow ethical standards without the necessity of a written policy. 

ITEM
11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Narrative
Disclosure of Executive Compensation 

Robert
L. Mount, our Chief Executive Officer, President, and a Director, does not have a written employment agreement. He received a salary
of 35,000 in 2021, 60,000 in 2022 through September, and 300,000 starting in October 2022. 

Lynn
B. Barney, our Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and a Director, does not have a written employment or contractor agreement and receives
no compensation. 

33 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to compensation earned by our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial
Officer and Secretary for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. 

Name
 and 
 Principal
 Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary 
 ) 
 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Option
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Non-Equity 

 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation ) 
 
 All
 Other 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Robert
L. Mount, 
 
 2022 
 
 106,846 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 106,846 
 
 CEO, Pres 
 
 2021 
 
 35,077 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 35,077 

Lynn
Barney, 
 
 2022 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 CFO, Sec 
 
 2021 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Director
Compensation 

For
the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, none of the members of our Board of Directors received compensation for his or her service
as a director. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

We
do not currently have a stock option or equity plan for the benefit of key employees, members of the Board of Directors, and key service
providers. 

34 

ITEM
12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 3, 2023, certain information with respect to our equity securities owned of record or beneficially
by (i) each of our Officers and Directors; (ii) each person who owns beneficially more than 5 of each class of our outstanding equity
securities; and (iii) all Directors and Executive Officers as a group. 

Name
 and Address 

Common
 Stock Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 
 Percentage
 of Common Stock Beneficial Ownership (2) 

Robert
 L. Mount (3)(6)(8) 
 
 120,524,050 
 
 95.19 

Lynn
 Barney (4)(6)(8) 
 
 71,583,189 
 
 92.16 

Alex
 Aliksanyan (5)(7)(8) 
 
 398,827 
 
 6.55 

All
 Officers and Directors as a Group (2 Persons) 
 
 192,506,606 
 
 97.13 

(1) The
 number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined in accordance with Rule
 13d-3 under the Exchange Act and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial
 ownership for any other purpose. Under Rule 13d-3, beneficial ownership includes any shares
 as to which the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any
 shares which the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise
 of any warrant, stock option or other right. The persons named in the table have sole voting
 and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned
 by them, subject to community property laws where applicable and the information contained
 in the footnotes to this table. 

(2) Based
 on 6,090,580 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. Shares of common stock subject
 to options or warrants currently exercisable, or exercisable within 60 days, are deemed outstanding
 for purposes of computing the percentage of the person holding such options or warrants,
 but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage of any other person. 

(3) Includes
 120,524,050 shares of Common Stock underlying 1,205,240.50 shares of Series A Convertible
 Preferred Stock which are convertible within 60 days of the date of this Annual Report. 

(4) Includes
 71,583,189 shares of Common Stock underlying 715,831.89 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
 Stock which are convertible within 60 days of the date of this Annual Report. 

(5) Excludes
 2,945,000 shares of Common Stock underlying warrants that are not exercisable within 60 days
 of the date of this Annual Report. 

(6) Unless
 otherwise noted, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Renewable Innovations, Inc.,
 588 West 400 South, Suite #110, Lindon, Utah 84042. 

(7) Unless
 otherwise noted, the address is c/o Nestbuilder.com Corp., 201 W. Passaic Street, Suite 301,
 Rochelle Park, NJ 07662. 

(8) Indicates
 an officer and/or director of the Company. 

The
issuer is not aware of any person who owns of record, or is known to own beneficially, five percent or more of the outstanding securities
of any class of the issuer, other than as set forth above. There are no classes of stock other than common stock issued or outstanding. 

There
are no current arrangements which will result in a change in control. 

35 

ITEM
13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Robert
L. Mount, our Chief Executive Officer, President, and a Director, does not have a written employment agreement. He received a salary
of 35,000 in 2021, 60,000 in 2022 through September, and 300,000 starting in October 2022. 

Lynn
B. Barney, our Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and a Director, does not have a written employment or contractor agreement and receives
no compensation. 

In
connection with the acquisition of Renewable Innovations, Inc., a Delaware corporation, on December 1, 2022, we issued to the shareholders
of Renewable Innovations an aggregate of 2,155,684 shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, each
share of which is convertible into 100 shares of our Common Stock, which represents a 93 ownership interest based on our fully-diluted
capitalization immediately following the Merger. 1,205,240.50 of the preferred shares were issued to Robert L. Mount, and 715,831.89
of the preferred shares were issued to Lynn Barney. As a result of the foregoing transactions, we underwent a change of control on December
1, 2022. The issuances were exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. 

Other
Directorships; Director Independence 

Other
than as set forth above, none of our officers and directors is a director of any company with a class of securities registered pursuant
to section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of section 15(d) of such Act or any company registered as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

For
purposes of determining director independence, we have applied the definitions set out in NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2). The OTC marketplace
on which shares of common stock are quoted does not have any director independence requirements. The NASDAQ definition of Independent
Officer means a person other than an Executive Officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship
which, in the opinion of the company s Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying
out the responsibilities of a director. According to the NASDAQ definition, none of our directors are independent. 

ITEM
14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Assurance
Dimensions was our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. 

Audit
and Non-Audit Fees 

The
following table presents fees for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for the audit of
our annual financial statements for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. 

Years Ended November 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 25,500 
 25,500 
 
 Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 25,500 
 25,500 

(1) 
 Audit fees were principally
for audit and review services. 

Of
the fees described above for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, all were approved by the entire Board of Directors. 

36 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) 
 Financial Statements 

The
following financial statements are filed as part of this report: 

Nestbuilder.com
 Corp 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 

Balance Sheets as of November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Statement of Operations for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Statement of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6
 to F-18 

Renewable
 Innovations, Inc. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-19 

Balance Sheets as of November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-21 

Statements of Operations for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-22 

Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-23 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-24 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-25
to F-36 

37 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of Renewable Innovations, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Renewable Innovations, Inc. (the Company) as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the related
statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for years ended November 30, 2022
and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph - Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to
the financial statements, the Company had a net loss of 944,938 for the year ended November 30, 2022, and accumulated deficit of 2,123,966
and negative working capital of 299,092 as of November 30, 2022. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 19 

Description
of the Matter 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, revenues from the sale and installation of power systems are recognized when control
has passed to the customer. The customer is considered to have control of the asset when the customer accepts the power system, or when
they otherwise direct its use. Most of the Company s contracts to date are to enhance assets controlled by the customer. In these
cases, revenue is recognized based on the percentage of completion method. Management uses the percentage of completion input method
based on costs. Specifically, percentage of completion is the ratio of total costs to date to estimated expected costs related to the
project. Some contracts for the sale and installation of power systems were recognized at a point in time due to the nature of when control
passed to the customer. 

We
identified the estimation of expected costs and percentage of completion and recording certain contracts at a point in time as a critical
audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the assumptions used to develop the percentage of completion and recognizing
certain revenue at a point in time. 

How
we Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: 

We
 obtained understanding the Company s process for estimating expected costs and percentage of completion, including the assumptions
 used to develop the estimate. We tested the percentage of completion by: 

Testing
 actual cost to vendor invoices and payroll records; 

Testing
 changes to estimated costs, if any, including the amount and timing of the change; and 

Evaluating
 the scope of the work for consistency with the underlying contractual terms; 

Testing
 the delivery of the product, based on internal and customer-facing information; 

Actual
 costs incurred subsequent to the balance sheet date to assess if they were consistent with the estimate for that time period; and 

Reviewing
 gross margins. 

We
 obtained understanding the Company s process for recognizing certain contracts at a point in time, including the assumptions
 used to develop the estimate by: 

Evaluating
 the scope of the work for consistency with the underlying contractual terms; 

Testing
 the delivery of the product, based on internal and customer-facing information; 

Ensure
 proper recognition of this revenue based on accounting standards; and 

Reviewing
 gross margins. 

/s/
 Assurance Dimensions 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

Margate,
 Florida 

March
 2, 2023 

F- 20 

RENEWABLE
INNOVATIONS, INC. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

 As
of November 30, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable and contract assets, net of allowance of 
 and 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Deposits 

Right of use asset 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll liabilities 

Other current liabilities 
 - 

Deferred revenue customer deposits 

Lease liability - current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 

Lease liability, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity 

Common stock, par value , shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock value 

Preferred A stock, par value , shares authorized, and issued and
 outstanding 

Preferred stock value 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are integral to these financial statements. 

F- 21 

RENEWABLE
INNOVATIONS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 For
the Years Ended November 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Sales, general, and administrative 

Depreciation 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Rental income 

Stock based settlement expense 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Total other income (expense) 

Net loss before income taxes 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Net (loss) 

The
accompanying notes are integral to these financial statements. 

F- 22 

RENEWABLE
INNOVATIONS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For
the Years Ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Total 

Series A 

Additional 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Total 

Balance at November 30, 2020 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock to founders 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Issuance of preferred stock for cash 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of preferred stock for contributed assets 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at November 30, 2021 

() 

Balance 

() 

Issuance of preferred stock for cash 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of preferred stock as part of settlement agreement 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at November 30, 2022 

() 

Balance 

() 

The
accompanying notes are integral to these financial statements. 

F- 23 

RENEWABLE
INNOVATIONS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the Years Ended November 30, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Lease amortization 

Bad debt 
 
 - 
 
 Stock based settlement expense 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll liabilities 

Right of use asset and lease liability, net 

Other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 
 
 - 
 
 Cash at end of year 

Non-cash activities: 

Right of use asset acquired in exchange for lease liability, net 

Issuance of preferred stock for contributed assets 
 - 

Issuance of common stock to founders 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are integral to these financial statements. 

F- 24 

RENEWABLE
INNOVATIONS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 

. In May 2021, common shares were issued to Robert Mount and Lynn
Barney, the Company s founders. On May 13, 2021, the articles of incorporation were amended to increase the authorized common shares
to , in addition to authorizing the preferred stock discussed above. Upon the filing of the amended articles of incorporation,
the common shares were subject to a ; thus, increasing the common shares outstanding to shares. 

cash equivalents as of November 30, 2022 and
2021. 

The
Company maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. 

inventory is obsolete as of November 30,
2022 and 2021. 

to years 
 
 years 
 
 years 

Our
lease portfolio is substantially comprised of operating leases related to leases of real estate and improvements. From time to time,
we may also lease various types of small equipment and vehicles. 

Operating
lease right-of-use ROU assets represent our right to use an individual asset for the lease term and lease liabilities
represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at
the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide the lessor s
implicit rate we use the incremental borrowing rate IBR, in determining the present value of lease payments by utilizing a fully collateralized
rate for a fully amortizing loan with the same term as the lease. 

Lease
terms include options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain those options will be exercised. For leases with terms greater
than 12 months, we record the related asset and obligation at the present value of lease payments over the term. Our leases can include
rental escalation clauses, renewal options and/or termination options that are factored into our determination of lease payments when
such renewal options and/or termination options are reasonably certain of exercise. 

A
ROU asset is subject to the same impairment guidance as assets categorized as plant, property, and equipment. As such, any impairment
loss on ROU assets is presented in the same manner as an impairment loss recognized on other long-lived assets. 

A
lease modification is a change to the terms and conditions of a contract that change the scope or consideration of a lease. For example,
a change to the terms and conditions to the contract that adds or terminates the right to use one or more underlying assets, or extends
or shortens the contractual lease term, is a modification. Depending on facts and circumstances, a lease modification may be accounted
as either: (1) the original lease plus the lease of a separate asset(s) or (2) a modified lease. A lease will be remeasured if there
are changes to the lease contract that do not give rise to a separate lease. 

asset impairments were recorded by the Company for the years ended
November 30, 2022 and 2021. 

Under
Topic 606, we recognize revenue when or as we satisfy a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service to our customer.
A good or service is considered transferred when the customer obtains control. The standard defines control as an entity s ability
to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, an asset. We recognize revenue once control has passed
to the customer. The following indicators are evaluated in determining when control has passed to the customer: 

i. 
 We
 have a right to payment for the product or service, 

ii. 
 The
 customer has legal title to the product, 

iii. 
 We
 have transferred physical possession of the product to the customer, 

iv. 
 The
 customer has the risk and rewards of ownership of the product, and 

v. 
 The
 customer has accepted the product. 

The
following are the two revenue streams: 

Revenue
Recognition for Sale and/or Install of Power Systems. Revenues from product sales and installation of power systems are recognized
when control has passed to the customer. The customer is considered to have control of the asset when the customer accepts the power
system, or when they otherwise direct its use. Contracts for power systems generally contain only a single performance obligation. The
transaction price of contracts does not contain variable considerations; therefore, the transaction price is designated completely to
the single performance obligation of the contract. We generally manufacture the power systems that we sell to our customers. The Company
generally ships and installs, where appropriate, the power system equipment to the customer, though some customers take control of assets
before shipping occurs. 

Most
 of our contracts to date are to enhance assets
controlled by the customer. In these cases, revenue is recognized based on the percentage of completion method, as described below. Payment terms for these
contracts generally match the payment terms for assets not controlled by the customer. 

For
contracts where revenue is recognized over time, management uses the percentage of completion input method based on costs. Specifically, percentage of completion is the ratio of total costs to date to estimated expected costs
related to the project. 

Some contracts to date do not qualify
for revenue recognition over time because Management has determined that though the assets which the Company creates are customized to
the specifications required by the customer, the assets have alternative use because the Company could theoretically find a new purchaser
for the product with minimal modifications to the assets. Therefore, the Company has earned revenue for the sale and/or installation
of power systems both over time as the performance obligations is satisfied, and at the point in time in which the performance obligation
is satisfied. 

The
Company has not had experience with returns to date. Additionally, the customer is generally involved in the customization and selection
of specifications for the contracted goods and services. Therefore, management considers returns as they arise. 

The
Company provides explicit warranties on products, in that it provides assurance that the related product will function as the parties
intended. These warranties are not separately purchasable. Warranties do not constitute a separate performance obligation. 

Revenue
Recognition for the Design and Testing of Power Systems. Contracts for the services design
and testing of power systems are generally considered a single performance obligation. This performance obligation is
generally considered satisfied when we provide the design or the final report of the tests to the customer at a point in time.
Payment for these contracts is generally due when the report is delivered. 

Significant
Judgments . Significant judgment is used when estimating expected costs for a project. Management uses prior experience from similar
performance obligations to inform future cost estimates. However, as the Company is still young, and many of these performance obligations
are highly customized, these estimates still require significant management judgment. Similarly, the allocation of actual labor costs
to each open project at period end requires significant judgment. Records that track labor hours to specific performance obligations
did not exist for fiscal years 2021 and 2022. Management used their judgment to assign actual labor expenses to uncomplete projects as
of the end of each year. 

Freight
Costs. The Company records record both the freight billed to its customers and the related freight costs as cost of sales
when the underlying product revenue is recognized. For freight not billed to its customers, the Company records record the freight costs as cost
of sales. The Company considers shipping to be a fulfillment activity and not a separate performance obligation. 

Costs
to Obtain or Fulfill a Contract . The Company does not currently employ salespeople, therefore sales commissions are not capitalized
nor amortized over the life of the relationship with customers. However, the Company does possess multiple demo trailers, and the costs
of constructing these demo trailers have been capitalized and are amortized over their expected useful life. 

Sales of products 

Total sales 

Reconciliation
of Contract Balances . During the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 large contracts with two major customers were signed.
These contracts were not completed during the years, but partial payments were collected in the sum of 
 and ,
 respectively. Additionally, as of November 30,
2022 and 2021, the Company had 
 and ,000,
respectively of contract assets included in accounts receivable for revenues earned, but not yet invoiced. 

- 
 
 Additions to contract liabilities 

Deductions to contract liabilities 

Ending balance 

Remaining
Performance Obligations . For contracts existing as of November 30, 2022, we had approximately 
 in unsatisfied . 

and , respectively, on marketing, trade show and store front expense and advertising, net of co-operative rebates. 

to one of the Company founders as part
of a settlement agreement with a third-party. In connection with the legal settlement, the Company also recognized a gain of 
 related to a previous sublease arrangement. 

per bank for the total of
all depository accounts. As of November 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately and , respectively, in excess
of the FDIC insured amount. The Company performs ongoing evaluation of its financial institutions to limit its concentration of risk
exposure. Management believes this risk is not significant due to the financial strength of the financial institution utilized by the
Company. 

For
the year ended November 30, 2022, two vendors accounted for of purchases. For the year ended November 30, 2021, one vendor accounted
for of purchases. 

For the years ended November 30, 2022 and
2021, two customers accounted for and , respectively, of the Company s revenues. 

Two customers represented of the balance
of accounts receivable as of November 30, 2022, and one customer represented of the accounts receivable balance as of November 30,
2021. 

In
August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06,
Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates
the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies
the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard
also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s
own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for
all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2022, and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis,
with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 effective December 31, 2021, applied on the
full retrospective basis. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not have an impact on the Company s financial statements. 

The
Company has reviewed all other recently issued, but not yet adopted, accounting standards in order to determine effects, if any
on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Based on that review, the Company believes that none of these pronouncements
will have a significant effect on its financial statements. 

,
 and a net loss of 
 for the year then ended. These facts and
others raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the
date of this filing. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate sufficient cash flow
to meet its obligations on a timely basis. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company
is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Management s
plan of operations includes, but is not limited to, the following: 

The
 creation of additional sales and profits across its product lines; 

The
 continuation of improving cash flow by maintaining moderate cost reductions; 

Requiring
 50 deposit on all purchase orders; 

Continuing
 positive cash flows from operating activities; 

Potential
 issuances of additional common stock to existing shareholders and through PIPE financing. 

- 
 
 Contract assets 

Less Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Total Accounts Receivable (net) 

Accounts
receivable as of November 30, 2022 and 2021 are made up of trade receivables due from customers in the ordinary course of business, and contract assets.

Work in process 
 - 
 102,989 
 
 Total inventory 
 510,318 
 418,451 

Leasehold improvements 

Demonstration units 

Construction in progress 
 
 - 
 
 Total property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 was 
and ,
respectively. and for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were reported in cost of sales. 

of purchases. For the year ended November 30, 2021, one vendor accounted for 
of purchases. 

Preferred shares authorized, and and shares were outstanding, for each
year respectively. . 

The
Preferred stockholders are entitled to receive non-cumulative preferential dividends, when and as declared by the Board of Directors.
Dividends accrue at 
per annum beginning on the original issue date, calculated as simple interest. For the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, no declarations
have been made (see note 12). 

The
Preferred stock has a conversion price of eighty percent of the lowest price per share at which the Corporation s securities
are issued in a Change of Control Transaction or a Qualified Financing. In the event of a Change of Control Transaction that is a reverse
merger or IPO, each share of preferred stock shall automatically convert into shares of the Company s common stock and the price
per share shall be equal to the amount payable on a share of Common stock in the Change of Control Transaction or IPO. If no such amount
is payable, the fair market value of Common stock, as determined by the Board of Directors. 

During
the year ended November 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of preferred stock to several investors for cash of and
 shares of preferred stock for contributed equipment. 

During
the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of preferred stock to several investors for and 
preferred shares valued at the per share sales price of for a total of to one of the Company s founders,
who is also an employee, as part of a settlement agreement. 

Common
Stock 

As
of November 30, 2022 and 2021, there were Common shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Upon
formation of the Company, the common shares authorized was .
In May 2021, 
 common shares were issued to Robert Mount and
Lynn Barney, the Company s founders valued at . On May 13, 2021, the articles of incorporation were amended to increase
the authorized common shares to ,
in addition to authorizing the preferred stock discussed above. Upon the filing of the amended articles of incorporation, the common
shares were subject to a ; thus, increasing the common shares
outstanding to shares. 

and , respectively, of current income tax provision and deferred
income tax provision. 

Right of use asset/liability 

Allowance and reserves 
 
 - 
 
 Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Depreciation of fixed assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total net deferred assets/liabilities 
 - 
 - 

The
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of November 30, 2022 and 2021 was 
 and ,
 respectively. In assessing the recovery of the deferred
tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in the periods in which those
temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversals of future deferred tax liabilities, projected future
taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Management has recorded a 
valuation allowance, against its net deferred tax assets, since management believes it is more likely than not that it will not be realized
at the date of this statement. The Company will continue to monitor the potential utilization of this asset. Should factors and evidence
change to aid in this assessment, a potential adjustment to the valuation allowance in future periods may occur. The Company records
any penalties and interest as a component of operating expenses. 

State taxes 

Nondeductible items 

Change in valuation allowance 

Return to provision adjustments 

Effective tax rate 

The
Company reported no uncertain tax liability as of November 30, 2022 and expects no significant change to the uncertain tax liability
over the next twelve months. The Company s 2019, 2020, and 2021 federal and state income tax returns are open for examination by
the applicable governmental authorities. 

As
of November 30, 2022, the Company has a net operating loss (NOL) carryforward of approximately . The NOL carryforward does not have
an expiration. Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended IRC Section 382 ), a corporation that
undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its use of pre-change NOL carryforwards to offset future taxable
income. . In general, the annual use limitation
equals the aggregate value of common stock at the time of the ownership change multiplied by a specified tax-exempt interest rate. The
Company has not completed a study as to whether there is a 382 limitation on its NOLs that will limit or possibly eliminate the use of
its NOLs in the future. Company s Management has recorded a 
valuation allowance on the entire NOL as it believes that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset associated with the
NOLs will not be realized regardless of whether or not an ownership change has occurred. 

for approximately square feet of rentable space, and a discount rate
 of . As of November 30, 2021, we had months remaining on this lease. 

Manufacturing
 space in American Fork, Utah, with a monthly payment of for approximately square feet of rentable space, and a
 discount rate of . As of November 30, 2021, we had months remaining on the lease. 

We
entered into two lease agreements each beginning June 1, 2021. The first lease agreement was for office space in Lindon, Utah, and was
for a term of months. The second lease agreement was for manufacturing space in American Fork, Utah, and was for a term of months.
The first two months of the American Fork lease agreement were rent free. 

Both
lease agreements contain a variable portion that covers Common Area Maintenance fees. These fees represent our proportionate share of
the leased square footage relative to the total square footage of the lessor s property. No other aspect of the lease agreements
contains variable fees. 

The American Fork lease also contains options to renew the lease, but since the
lease was initially for such a long period, we could not determine that it was reasonably certain that we would renew the lease, so we
treated this lease as an -month lease. 

As
these leases do not provide the implicit rate, we use an estimated incremental borrowing rate (IBR). To estimate the IBR, we used the
risk-free rate of the US treasury rate, plus a premium for credit risk. 

As
of November 30, 2022, we had two Operating leases as follows: 

Office
 space in Lindon, Utah, with monthly payments of for approximately square feet of rentable space, and a discount
 rate of . As of November 30, 2022, we had months remaining on the lease. 

Manufacturing
 space in American Fork, Utah, with a monthly payment of for approximately square feet of rentable space, and a
 discount rate of . As of November 30, 2022, we had months remaining on the lease. 

During
the year ended November 30, 2022 we cancelled our lease for office space in Lindon Utah early, with no material gain or loss, and entered
into a new lease agreement with the same lessor for different, larger office space, and for longer terms. Specifically, the new Lindon
lease is for months, and more square footage. This lease also contains options for extending the terms of the lease, but as we could
not determine whether it was reasonably certain that we would extend the lease, we treated this lease as a -month lease. 

- 
 
 Amortization 

ROU asset - November 30, 2021 

Lease liability December 1, 2020 
 - 
 
 Additions 

- 
 
 Amortization 

Lease liability - November 30, 2021 

ROU asset December 1, 2021 

Additions 

Deletions 

Amortization 

ROU asset - November 30, 2022 

Lease liability - December 1, 2021 

Additions 

Deletions 

Amortization 

Lease liability - November 30, 2022 

As
of November 30, 2022, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of months and a weighted average discount
rate of . As of November 30, 2021, our operating leases had a weighted average lease term of months and weighted average discount
rate of . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Less interest 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

Less current obligations 

Long term lease obligations 

Subleases 

We
entered into sublease agreements for the manufacturing property in American Fork for fiscal years 2021 and 2022. We subleased 
square feet in 2021 for a total of in sublease income, and square feet in 2022 for a total of in sublease income.
In connection with the sublease, the tenants were required to provide lease deposits of and for the years ended November 30,
2021 and 2022 respectively. 

shares of
common stock, valued at , to the founders of the Company, which was subsequently subject to a 250-to-1 forward stock split. 

The Company issued shares of preferred stock,
valued at per share, to one of the founders of the Company, who is also an employee, in exchange for contributed equipment in the
amount of during the year ended November 31, 2021. 

During the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company issued shares
of preferred stock, valued at per share, to a founder and employee as part of a legal settlement agreement with a third party. 

shares of Nestbuilder Common Stock issued
and outstanding and warrants outstanding to acquire up to an aggregate of 
 shares of Nestbuilder Common Stock. As
a result of the Merger, Nestbuilder issued to the shareholders of the Company an aggregate of 
 shares of Nestbuilder Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock, each share of which is convertible into 
 shares of Nestbuilder Common Stock and
votes on an as converted basis. Subsequent to the Merger, the shareholders of the Company held 
voting control of the combined entity. As a result
of the foregoing transactions, Nestbuilder underwent a change of control on December 1, 2022, which will be accounted for as a
reverse merger and recapitalization of the Company. 

Also immediately prior to the Merger, the
Company declared and issued a preferred stock dividend of . 

In connection with the Merger, Nestbuilder
changed its name to Renewable Innovations, Inc. 

In
accordance with ASC 855, Subsequent Events , the Company has evaluated all subsequent events through the date of this filing.
No other significant events have occurred besides the events disclosed in the Notes to the Financial Statements. 

F- 36 

(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

We
do not have any financial statement schedules required to be supplied under this Item. 

(a)(3)
Exhibits 

Refer
to (b) below. 

(b)
Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 2.1
 (1) 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger among Nesetbuilder.com Corp, NB Merger Corp., and Renewable Innovations, Inc. dated December 1, 2022 

2.2
 (1) 
 
 Certificate of Merger of NB Merger Corp. with and into Renewable Innovations, Inc. 

2.3
 (1) 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger of Nestbuilder.com Corp and Renewable Innovations, Inc. 

3.1
 (2) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of NestBuilder.com Corp. 

3.2
 (2) 
 
 Bylaws of Nestbuilder.com Corp. 

3.3
 (1) 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

10.1 
 
 Lease Agreement dated February 19, 2021 for 1551 South 400 East, #3 and #4, American Fork UT 

10.2 
 
 Lease Agreement dated April 16, 2021 for 588 West 400 South, Lindon, UT 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 USC, Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 USC, Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Presentation Linkbase Document 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed with the Commission on December
 1, 2022. 

(2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the Commission on December 22, 2017. 

38 

(c)
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for Renewable Innovations, Inc. for the years
ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. 

Renewable
Innovations, Inc. 

Enclosed
in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the audited financial statements of Renewable Innovations, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. This section discusses this business of Renewable Innovations, Inc. For a discussion
of our historical business of Nestbuilder.com Corp, see the Mangement s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations for Nestbuilder.com Corp in Item 7. 

Summary
Overview 

We
were incorporated on June 28, 2019 and commenced operations in 2021. We had sales of 370,341 in the year ended November 30, 2021, and
 3,468,587 in the year ended November 30, 2022. 

On
December 1, 2022, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, we were acquired by Nestbuilder.com Corp through the merger of NB Merger
Corp. with and into Renewable Innovations, Inc., with Renewable Innovations, Inc. continuing as the surviving wholly owned subsidiary
of Nestbuilder.com Corp. Renewable Innovations, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the wholly owned subsidiary), changed its name to Renewable
Innovations Corp., and Nestbuilder.com Corp (the parent corporation) changed its name to Renewable Innovations, Inc. 

Overview 

We
are focused on designing, optimizing, developing, and producing modular, scalable, zero-carbon green renewable solutions. Applications
for scalable power vary from primary power to emergency power and mobile power. 

Our
initial focus is on mobile and stationary electric vehicle rapid charging. 

Going
Concern 

As
a result of our financial condition, we have received a report from our independent registered public accounting firm for our financial
statements for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 that includes an explanatory paragraph describing the uncertainty as to our
ability to continue as a going concern. From inception (June 28, 2019) through November 30, 2022, we have an accumulated deficit of 2,123,966
and for the year ended November 30, 2022, we had a net loss of 944,838. In order to continue as a going concern we must effectively
balance many factors and generate more revenue so that we can fund our operations from our sales and revenues. If we are not able to
do this we may not be able to continue as an operating company. At our current revenue and burn rate, we have an immediate cash need,
and thus we must raise capital by issuing debt or through the sale of our stock. However, there is no assurance that our existing cash
flow will be adequate to satisfy our existing operating expenses and capital requirements. 

39 

Results
of Operations for the Years Ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 

Introduction 

We
had sales of 3,468,587 for the year ended November 30, 2022, compared to 370,341 for the year ended November 30, 2021, an increase
of 3,098,246, or 836 . Our cost of sales was 2,578,368 for the year ended November 30, 2022, compared to 339,629 for the year ended
November 30, 2021, an increase of 2,238,739, or 659 . 

Sales
and Net Operating Loss 

Our
sales, operating expenses, and net operating loss for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Year Ended 
November 30, 2022 
 Year Ended 
 November 30, 2021 
 Increase/ (Decrease) 

Sales 
 3,468,587 
 370,341 
 3,098,246 
 
 Cost of sales 
 2,578,368 
 339,629 
 2,238,739 

Operating expenses: 

Sales, general and administrative 
 598,029 
 1,387,939 
 (789,910 
 
 Depreciation 
 358,878 
 28,085 
 330,793 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 956,907 
 1,416,024 
 (459,117 

Net operating loss 
 (66,688 
 (1,385,312 
 1,318,624 
 
 Other income/(expense) 
 (878,150 
 207,538 
 (1,085,688 

Net gain/(loss) 
 (944,838 
 (1,177,774 
 232,936 

Sales 

We
had sales of 3,468,587 for the year ended November 30, 2022, compared to 370,341 for the year ended November 30, 2021, an increase
of 3,098,246, or 836 . Of our sales for the year ended November 30, 2022, 3,439,914, or 99 of sales, was from the sales of products,
with the remainder from sales of services. 

Two
customers accounted for 99 of our sales for the year ended November 30, 2022. These contracts were not completed during the year, but
partial payments were collected. 

Cost
of Sales 

Our
cost of sales was 2,578,368 for the year ended November 30, 2022, compared to 339,629 for the year ended November 30, 2021, an increase
of 2,238,739, or 659 . Our costs of sales includes raw materials and in-house manufacturing costs for the products we manufacture. 

40 

Sales,
general and Administrative 

Sales,
general and administrative expense was 598,029 for the year ended November 30, 2022, compared to 1,387,939 for the year ended November
30, 2021, a decrease of 789,910, or 56 . In the year ended November 30, 2022, our sales, general and administrative expense consisted
primarily of payroll of 149,310, legal fees of 97,566, and rent of 95,305. In the year ended November 30, 2021, our sales, general
and administrative expense consisted primarily of rent of 589,951, payroll of 226,588, and marketing of 144,783. 

Depreciation 

Depreciation
was 358,878 for the year ended November 30, 2022, compared to 28,085 for the year ended November 30, 2021, an increase of 330,793,
or 1,178 . Our depreciation expense increased because of our increased purchases of equipment and placing into use internally developed
equipment. 

Net
Operating Gain/Loss 

As
a result of the items discuss above, our net operating loss was 66,688 for the year ended November 30, 2022, compared to 1,385,312
for the year ended November 30, 2021, a decrease of 1,318,624, or 95 . 

Other
Income and Expense 

Other
income (expense) for the year ended November 30, 2022 was 878,150), compared to 207,538 for the year ended November 30, 2021, a decrease
of 1,085,688, or 523 . In the year ended November 30, 2022, our other income (expense) consisted of rental income of 84,900 and gain
on settlement of 20,450, offset by settlement expense of 983,500. In the year ended November 30, 2021, our other income (expense) consisted
of rental income of 207,538. 

Net
Loss 

Our
net loss for the year ended November 30, 2022 was 944,838, compared to 1,177,774 for the year ended November 30, 2021, a decrease of
 232,936, or 20 . 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Introduction 

During
the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, we had positive operating cash flows, but significant expenses related to the purchase of
property and equipment. We covered our cash flow deficit by selling our preferred stock. Our need to purchase property and equipment
in order to fulfill our sales orders will continue in the future, and thus we will continue to face short term and long term cash needs.
We anticipate that these needs will be satisfied through the issuance of debt or the sale of our securities until such time as our cash
flows from operations will satisfy our cash flow needs. 

41 

Our
cash, current assets, total assets, current liabilities, and total liabilities as of November 30, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

November 30, 2022 
 November 30, 2021 
 Change 

Cash 
 1,260,199 
 357,189 
 903,010 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 2,651,211 
 809,583 
 1,841,628 
 
 Total Assets 
 9,489,653 
 6,161,713 
 3,327,940 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 2,950,303 
 2,011,218 
 939,085 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 6,826,448 
 4,752,070 
 2,074,378 

Our
cash increased by 903,010 as of November 30, 2022 compared to November 30, 2021. Our total current assets also increased by 1,841,628
during the same period, and our total assets increased by 3,327,940 during the same period. 

Our
total current liabilities increased by 939,085 as of November 30, 2022 compared to November 30, 2021. Our total liabilities increased
by 2,074,378 during the same period. 

In
order to repay our obligations in full or in part when due, we will be required to raise significant capital from other sources. There
is no assurance, however, that we will be successful in these efforts. 

Cash
Requirements 

Our
total cash on hand as of November 30, 2022 was 1,260,199. Our net cash provided by operating activities was 504,755 for the year ended
November 30, 2022, but we incurred 816,745 in expenses related to the purchase of property and equipment, for net negative cash flow
of 311,990 for the year. We anticipate that our expenses related to the purchase of property and equipment will continue to exceed our
net cash provided by operating activities in the future. We anticipate that our short term and medium term cash flow needs will be satisfied
through the issuance of debt or the sale of our securities until such time as our cash flows from operations will satisfy our cash flow
needs. 

Sources
and Uses of Cash 

Operations 

Our
net cash provided by operating activities was 504,755 and 47,197 for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase
of 457,558. Our net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended November 30, 2022 consisted primarily of our net loss of
 944,838, plus prepaid expenses and other current assets of 565,189, right of use asset and lease liability, net of 448,366, a decrease
in accounts receivable of 289,062, and a decrease in inventories of 91,867, offset by deferred revenue of 768,450, stock based settlement
expense of 983,500, depreciation and amortization of 446,994, and lease amortization of 487,082. Our net cash provided by operating
activities for the year ended November 30, 2021 consisted primarily of our net loss of 1,177,774, plus a decrease in inventories of
 418,451 and right of use asset and lease liability, net of 163,161, offset by deferred revenue of 1,007,709, an increase in accounts
payable of 468,487, and lease amortization of 236,109. 

Investments 

Our
net cash used in investing activities was 816,745 and 1,950,679 for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease
of 1,133,934. In both years, the amount was entirely from the purchase of property and equipment. 

42 

Financing 

Our
net cash provided by financing activities was 1,215,000 and 2,260,671 for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
a decrease of 1,045,671. In both years, the amount was entirely proceeds from the sale of preferred stock. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements and related notes. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note
2 to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2022. Management
bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from
these estimates and such differences may be material. 

Management
considers the following policies critical because they are both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and operating results,
and they require management to make judgments and estimates about inherently uncertain matters. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The estimates and judgments will also affect the reported amounts for
certain revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these good faith estimates and judgments. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Our
management has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued since the last audit of our financial statements. Our management
believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on our financial statements. 

ITEM
16 10-K SUMMARY 

The
issuer has elected not to provide a 10-K Summary. 

43 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Renewable
 Innovations, Inc. 

Dated:
 March 8, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Robert L. Mount 

By: 
 Robert
 L. Mount 

Its: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated:
 March 8, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Robert L. Mount 

By: 
 Robert
 L. Mount 

Its: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and
 Director 

Dated:
 March 8, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Robert L. Mount 

By: 
 Lynn
 Barney 

Its: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary, and
 Director 

44 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10-1.htm

Exhibit 10.1 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 ex10-2.htm

Exhibit 10.2 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

I,
Robert L. Mount, certify that: 

I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Renewable Innovations, Inc.; 

Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exhibit Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 8, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Robert L. Mount 

By: 
 Robert
 L. Mount 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

I,
Lynn Barney, certify that: 

I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Renewable Innovations, Inc.; 

Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exhibit Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 8, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Lynn Barney 

By: 
 Lynn
 Barney 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Renewable Innovations, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended November
30, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert L. Mount,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. 

Dated:
 March 8, 2023 
 /s/
 Robert L. Mount 

By:
 Robert L. Mount 

Its:
 Chief Executive Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Renewable Innovations, Inc. and will be retained
by Renewable Innovations, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Renewable Innovations, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended November
30, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lynn Barney,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated:
 March 8, 2023 
 /s/
 Lynn Barney 

By:
 Lynn Barney 

Its:
 Chief Financial Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Renewable Innovations, Inc. and will be retained
by Renewable Innovations, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 105
 reii-20221130.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 107
 reii-20221130_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 108
 reii-20221130_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 109
 reii-20221130_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

