<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1712762_0001493152-23-010186.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5784848</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>172415</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1137639</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1650163</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1236267</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1444518</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010186.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331154059
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010186
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			bioAffinity Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001712762
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				465211056
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41463
		FILM NUMBER:		23787173

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22211 WEST INTERSTATE-10
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1206
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78257
		BUSINESS PHONE:		210-698-5334

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22211 WEST INTERSTATE-10
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1206
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78257

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010186.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , . 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
transition period from ____ to ____. 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction 
 of
 Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
registrant was t a public company as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter and, therefore,
cannot calculate the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of such date. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock, 0.007 par value, is as of March 20, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 16 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 25 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 25 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 25 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 25 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 26 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 26 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 26 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 26 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 26 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 26 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 26 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 27 
 
 Signatures 
 29 

2 

Throughout
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ), the terms bioAffinity, bioAffinity Technologies, 
 we, us, our or Company refer to bioAffinity Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
and its wholly owned subsidiary, OncoSelect Therapeutics, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are predictive
in nature, depend on or refer to future events or conditions, and are sometimes identified by words such as may, could, 
 plan, project, predict, pursue, believe, expect, 
 estimate, anticipate, intend, target, seek, potentially, 
 will likely result, outlook, budget, objective, trend, or similar expressions
of a forward-looking nature and the negative versions of such expressions. The forward-looking information contained in this report is
generally located under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
but may be found in other locations as well. The forward-looking statements in this report generally relate to the plans and objectives
for future operations of bioAffinity Technologies, Inc. and are based on our management s reasonable estimates of future results
or trends. Although we believe these forward-looking statements are reasonable, all forward-looking statements are subject to various
risks and uncertainties, and our projections and expectations may be incorrect. The factors that may affect our expectations regarding
our operations include, among others, the following: 

our
 projected financial position and estimated cash burn rate; 

our
 estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, and capital requirements; 

the
 success, cost, and timing of our clinical trials; 

our
 ability to obtain funding for our operations necessary to complete further development and commercialization of our diagnostic tests
 or therapeutic product candidates; 

our
 dependence on third parties in the conduct of our clinical trials; 

our
 ability to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals to market and commercialize our diagnostic tests or therapeutic product candidates; 

the
 potential that the results of our pre-clinical and clinical trials indicate our current diagnostic tests or any future diagnostic
 tests or therapeutic product candidates we may seek to develop are unsafe or ineffective; 

the
 results of market research conducted by us or others; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our current diagnostic tests or future diagnostic and therapeutic
 product candidates; 

our
 ability to protect our IP rights and the potential for us to incur substantial costs from lawsuits to enforce or protect our IP rights; 

the
 possibility that a third party may claim we or our third-party licensors have infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated their
 IP rights and that we may incur substantial costs and be required to devote substantial time defending against such claims; 

our
 reliance on third parties; 

the
 success of competing therapies, diagnostic tests, and therapeutic products that are or will become available; 

our
 ability to expand our organization to accommodate potential growth and to retain and attract key personnel; 

3 

our
 potential to incur substantial costs resulting from product liability lawsuits against us and the potential for such lawsuits to
 cause us to limit the commercialization of our diagnostic tests and therapeutic product candidates; 

market
 acceptance of our diagnostic tests and therapeutic product candidates, the size and growth of the potential markets for our current
 diagnostic tests and therapeutic product candidates, and any future diagnostic tests and therapeutic product candidates we may seek
 to develop, and our ability to serve those markets; 

the
 successful development of our commercialization capabilities, including sales and marketing capabilities; 

compliance
 with government regulations, including environmental, health, and safety regulations and liabilities thereunder; 

the
 ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any other health epidemic, on our business, our clinical trials, our research programs,
 healthcare systems, or the global economy as a whole; 

general
 instability of economic and political conditions in the United States, including inflationary pressures, increased interest rates,
 economic slowdown or recession, and escalating geopolitical tensions; 

compliance
 with government regulations, including environmental, health, and safety regulations and liabilities thereunder; 

our
 anticipated uses of net proceeds from our initial public offering the IPO 

the
 increased expenses associated with being a public company; and 

other
 factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Many
of the foregoing risks and uncertainties, as well as risks and uncertainties that are currently unknown to us, are or may be exacerbated
by factors such as the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia, escalating tensions between China and Taiwan, increasing economic
uncertainty and inflationary pressures, the evolving nature of the COVID-19 pandemic and the emergence of new viral variants, and any
consequent worsening of the global business and economic environment. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for
us to predict all such factors. Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described in this Annual Report or any other filing
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC occur, or should the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements
we make herein and therein prove incorrect, our actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events, or otherwise, except as required by law. 

You
should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference within it with the understanding that our actual future results, performance,
and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 

Website
and Social Media Disclosure 

We
use our websites (www.bioaffinitytech.com and ir.bioaffinitytech.com) and at times our corporate Twitter account (@bioAffinity) and LinkedIn
account (www.linkedin.com/company/bioaffinitytechnologies) to distribute company information. The information we post through these channels
may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these channels and review our press releases, filings with the SEC, and
public conference calls and webcasts. In addition, investors and others can be automatically notified in real time when new information
is posted on our websites by visiting the homepage of our Company website at www.bioaffinitytech.com and subscribing to News from
bioAffinity Technologies or visiting the Email Alerts section of our investor relations website at ir.bioaffinitytech.com/news-events/email-alerts
and enrolling an email address. Information contained on or that can be accessed through our websites and social media channels is not,
however, incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. Investors should not consider any such information to be part of this Annual
Report. 

4 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Business
Overview 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. (the Company, we, or our develops noninvasive, early-stage diagnostics
to detect and researches targeted therapies to detect and treat lung cancer and other diseases of the lung at the cellular level. Our
Company also is conducting early-stage research focused on advancing therapeutic discoveries that could result in broad-spectrum cancer
treatments. We develop proprietary noninvasive diagnostic tests and cancer therapeutics using technology that preferentially targets
cancer cells and cell populations indicative of a diseased state. 

The
Company was formed as a Delaware corporation on March 26, 2014. On June 15, 2016, we formed OncoSelect Therapeutics,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Research and optimization of our platform technologies
are conducted in our laboratories at The University of Texas at San Antonio. 

Our
first diagnostic test, CyPath Lung, addresses the need for noninvasive detection of early-stage lung cancer. Lung cancer
is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths. Physicians are able to order CyPath Lung to assist in their assessment
of patients who are at high risk for lung cancer. The CyPath Lung test enables physicians to more confidently distinguish
between patients who will likely benefit from timely intervention and more invasive follow-up procedures from patients who are likely
without lung disease and should continue annual screening. CyPath Lung has the potential to increase overall diagnostic
accuracy of lung cancer, which could lead to increased survival, fewer unnecessary invasive procedures, reduced patient anxiety, and
lower medical costs. 

Through
our wholly owned subsidiary, OncoSelect Therapeutics, LLC, our research has led to discoveries and advancement of novel
cancer therapeutics that specifically and selectively target cancer cells. We are focused on expanding our broad-spectrum platform technologies
to continue developing tests that detect and therapies that target various types of cancer and potentially other diseases. 

Information
regarding the general development of bioAffinity s business can be found in the Business section of our final IPO
prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act on September 2, 2022 (the Final Prospectus (see https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1712762/000149315222024949/form424b4.htm ). 

Our
First Diagnostic Test CyPath Lung 

Overview
of the CyPath Lung Methodology 

Lung
cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related death worldwide, claiming nearly 1.8 million lives annually. 1 Individuals
at high risk for lung cancer are recommended for annual screening by low-dose computed tomography LDCT ). Apart from LDCT,
there is currently no reliable noninvasive method that can detect lung cancer at an early stage. Our first diagnostic test, CyPath 
 Lung, is designed to be a cost-effective, 2 noninvasive, early-stage lung cancer diagnostic. Using CyPath 
 Lung in conjunction with LDCT is predicted to improve the positive predictive value (the proportion of true positive results) by
a factor of five. 2 Improving the positive predictive value of LDCT with the use of CyPath Lung can result
in fewer patients unnecessarily subjected to invasive diagnostic procedures, earlier detection of lung cancer, and a reduction in healthcare
costs. 3 

1 
 The Cancer Atlas, Third Edition, American Cancer Society (ACS), World Health Organization (WHO) and The Union for International Cancer
Control (UICC); https://canceratlas.cancer.org/the-burden/lung-cancer/. 

2 
 Analysis of the Potential Diagnostic, Patient and Economic Impact of CyPath Lung When Used After
 LDCT Screening to Detect Lung Cancer, bioAffinity Technologies Internal Analysis, 2022; attached as Appendix I of the Company s
 Final Prospectus filed with the SEC on September 2, 2022, pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act (see https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1712762/000149315222024949/form424b4.htm ). 

3 
 Ibid. 

5 

CyPath 
 Lung uses flow cytometry technology to detect and analyze cell populations in a person s sputum, or phlegm, to find characteristics
indicative of lung cancer, including cancer and/or cancer-related cells that have shed from a lung tumor. The flow cytometer is a well-established
instrument used in many commercial laboratories that records properties of labeled and unlabeled single cells. Sputum is an excellent
sample for analysis because it is in direct contact with any malignancy in the lungs and can thus provide a snapshot of the tumor itself,
its microenvironment, and its area of field cancerization. While studies have shown that expert cytological analysis of sputum can detect
cancerous and pre-malignant cells, 4 the process of looking at microscopy slides is an extremely laborious approach and demands
years of expertise. CyPath Lung uses flow cytometry and automated data analysis developed by artificial intelligence
(AI) that allows for an entire sample of sputum to be examined for cost-effective, large-scale screening or diagnosis. 

In
particular, CyPath Lung uses a synthetic porphyrin called meso-tetra (4-carboxyphenyl) porphine TCPP ), which is a naturally highly fluorescent porphyrin that has an unusually high affinity for cancer and
cancer-associated cells. 5 The uptake and retention of TCPP in cancerous tissue and its fluorescent properties make TCPP
an excellent bio-label for cancer. As used in CyPath Lung, the proportion of cells with high TCPP fluorescence
intensity in a patient s sputum sample is a significant predictor of lung cancer. bioAffinity holds multiple patents
protecting its use of TCPP for the diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment of cancer. In addition, the Company has multiple domestic
and foreign patent applications to protect the use of flow cytometry and its AI-developed automated analysis platform in the
detection of lung cancer and other lung diseases using sputum as a sample. 

We
developed an algorithm using AI to distinguish samples from high-risk patients who had lung cancer from those who are cancer-free. Precision
Pathology Services Precision Pathology developed CyPath Lung for sale as a Laboratory Developed Test
(an LDT in accordance with the standards of the College of American Pathologists CAP and the regulations
and guidance of the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 CLIA program, which is administered by the Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS ). In developing the test as an LDT, Precision Pathology developed and integrated
software into the test protocol, which generated high-throughput and user-friendly, standardized analysis of flow cytometric sample data.
Our test can analyze an average sputum sample containing about 20 million cells in less than 20 minutes. A physician s report is
generated within minutes after data acquisition. The test can be put into routine lab use without requiring expert evaluation of samples
or being subject to operator bias. Our approach allows the entire sputum sample to be rapidly analyzed. The numerical analysis developed
by AI captures complex interactions between lung cancer, the microenvironment, and areas of field cancerization that would be difficult
if not impossible for individuals to predict or detect reliably by eye. For example, during test development, we discovered that viability
staining density suggests a link with apoptosis, or cell death, that is linked to many cancers, including lung cancer. Our model also
suggests that specific markers of immune cell populations may be informative as to the presence of cancer in the lung. These findings
are the result of our AI approach to automated analysis. 

To
our knowledge, CyPath Lung is the first cancer diagnostic that combines automated flow cytometric analysis to predict
the presence of lung cancer from sputum samples. 

Clinical
Validation, Certification, and Classification of CyPath Lung 

A
19-month test validation clinical trial of CyPath Lung 6 collected sputum noninvasively from people at high
risk for lung cancer, including patients with the disease (N=28) and those cancer-free (N=122). Patients collected their sputum sample
over three days at home before bringing their sample to the clinical collection site. Samples were shipped overnight to the laboratory
for analysis. Study participants in the high-risk cohort had a CT to confirm they did not have lung cancer. Those in the cancer cohort
had imaging and a biopsy that confirmed lung cancer. After providing a sputum sample, participants were released from the study after
a physician either confirmed the individual was cancer-free by examination of CT imaging or confirmed the presence of lung cancer by
biopsy. Flow cytometry and patient data used in analysis to produce the results included (1) the proportion of cells with a high ratio
of high TCPP fluorescence intensity over cell size; (2) the proportion of cells with an intermediate ratio of fluorescence intensity
caused by the viability dye (FVS510) over cell size; (3) the proportion of cells that were CD206 negative but positive for one or more
of the following markers: CD66b (granulocytes), CD3 (T cells), and CD19 (B cells); and (4) patient age. 

4 
 T. Neumann, et al., Premalignant and Malignant Cells in Sputum
From Lung Cancer Patients, Cancer Cytopathology, Dec. 25, 2009, page 473-481. 

5 
 El-Far MA, Pimstone N. A comparative study of 28 porphyrins
and their abilities to localize in mouse mammary carcinoma: uroporphyrin I superior to hematoporphyrin derivative. Prog Clin Biol Res.
1984;170:661 672. 

6 
 M.E. Lemieux, et al., Detection of Early-Stage Lung Cancer
in Sputum using Automated Flow Cytometry and Machine Learning. Respir Res. 2023;24(1):23. doi: 10.1186/s12931-023-02327-3. 

6 

More
than half of those in the cancer cohort had lung cancer in the earlier Stages I-II. The analysis, performed on an LSRII flow cytometer,
resulted in 92 sensitivity and 87 specificity in the subgroup of these patients (N=132) who had no nodules or lung nodules smaller
than 20 mm on their LDCT scan, while eight out of 10 (80 of Stage I tumors were correctly identified. Sensitivity is the percentage
of persons with the disease in this case lung cancer who are correctly identified by the test. Specificity is the percentage
of persons without lung cancer who are correctly identified by the test. The cancer group included all lung cancer types, but mostly
squamous cell carcinoma and adenocarcinoma lung cancer (in near equal numbers), showing that CyPath Lung detects all
types of lung cancer. 

Following
completion of the test validation trial, CyPath Lung was evaluated independently by Precision Pathology, which developed
the test for sale as an LDT in accordance with CAP/CLIA standards. An LDT is a type of in vitro diagnostic IVD test that is developed, validated, and performed within a single laboratory. CyPath Lung has been validated and is being
performed by Precision Pathology, a CAP-accredited, CLIA-certified clinical pathology laboratory in San Antonio, Texas, pursuant to a
joint development agreement with the Company. In third quarter 2022, Precision was inspected by CAP in accordance with CAP/CLIA regulatory standards and regulations
resulting in continued accreditation for the laboratory and the CyPath Lung test as an LDT. 

As
part of CAP/CLIA certification, Precision Pathology evaluated the performance of CyPath Lung employing its own laboratory
technicians and a different flow cytometer, the Navios EX. Results of Precision Pathology s certification were comparable to those
from the test validation trial and demonstrated that CyPath Lung remains robust to differences in sample handling, processing,
and the type of flow cytometer. 

bioAffinity
Technologies intends to voluntarily seek FDA clearance of the CyPath Lung as a Class II IVD medical device for the detection
of lung cancer. The Company has designed its pivotal trial with guidance from its clinical research organization CRO ),
Courante Oncology, and has prepared a pre-submission that will be submitted to the FDA for review and feedback. We anticipate a three-year
diagnostic trial including an 18-month patient enrollment of approximately 1,800 patients, with participants followed for at least one
year after enrollment to determine whether they have lung cancer. Similar to the test validation trial, the planned pivotal trial will
analyze flow cytometry and patient data including (1) the proportion of cells with a high ratio of high TCPP fluorescence intensity over
cell size; (2) the proportion of cells with an intermediate ratio of fluorescence intensity caused by the viability dye (FVS510) over
cell size; (3) the proportion of cells that were CD206 negative but positive for one or more of the following markers: CD66b (granulocytes),
CD3 (T cells), and CD19 (B cells); and (4) patient age. Patient enrollment is scheduled to begin in 2023 at up to 20 collection sites.
Assuming the study is successful, we intend to submit a de novo classification request to the FDA within six months of study completion. 

The
Patient- and Physician-Friendly CyPath Lung Process 

CyPath 
Lung is designed to be noninvasive and patient friendly. The diagnostic process uses sputum that is obtained noninvasively in the privacy
of a patient s home. Physicians order the test for their patients after lung cancer screening reveals a lung nodule considered
to be indeterminate because of the nodule size and lack of suspicious characteristics. Lung nodules are considered indeterminate if their
size is between 6-20 mm in diameter. Lung nodules of that size are associated with a lung cancer risk as low as 0.5 and up to 16 . 7 

For
the CyPath Lung test, patients are given a small sample collection kit during an office visit with their physician. (See
Figure 1 below.) From the privacy of the patient s home, the patient collects a sample of his or her sputum over three days using
a hand-held assist device that comes in the collection kit called an acapella Choice Blue made by Smiths Medical, which
acts to break up mucus in the patient s lung and facilitates the patient s ability to cough up sputum from the lung into
a collection cup that is also supplied with the kit. In addition to the kit s step-by-step instructions, an instructional video
and a live patient coach are available by calling 855-MYLUNGS to help patients with sample collection. With the patient s permission,
the patient coach will proactively call or text patients to offer assistance. After the three-day sample of sputum is collected in the
collection cup, the patient puts the collection cup into the kit and uses a pre-addressed envelope provided in the kit to overnight the
sample to the laboratory. 

7 
 Gierada et al; https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25326638/. 

7 

At
the laboratory, the sputum is processed by technicians into a single-cell suspension and labeled with TCPP, which preferentially binds
to cancer cells and/or cancer-related cells. Cells are also stained with fluorescently labeled antibodies that identify hematopoietic
and epithelial cells within the sputum sample. A viability dye is used to eliminate dead cells. The sputum sample is analyzed using flow
cytometry, which allows an average sputum sample containing about 20 million cells to be profiled in less than 20 minutes. A laboratory
technician skilled in general laboratory techniques can accomplish sample processing, labeling, and data collection. 

Physicians
receive test results within three days after the laboratory receives the patient s sputum sample. CyPath Lung testing
helps identify patients who should undergo more aggressive follow-up procedures to confirm a suspected lung cancer. When CyPath 
 Lung sample analysis determines a patient is unlikely or very unlikely to have lung cancer, the result can serve to support a physician s
decision to monitor this patient by following a recommended LDCT screening routine. 

Figure
1. Patient- and Physician-Friendly CyPath Lung Process. 

CyPath 
 Lung Research and Clinical Studies 

The
high affinity of TCPP for cancer and cancer-related cells and its fluorescent nature makes it an excellent bio-label for cancer. The
CyPath Lung technology is based on this concept and scientific work originating at Los Alamos National Laboratory in
collaboration with St. Mary s Hospital in Colorado. A blinded clinical trial 8 (Patriquin, et. al, 2015) of an earlier
version of CyPath Lung used a microscope to directly identify cells labeled with TCPP in one-third or less of the sputum
sample. For each trial participant, researchers manually scanned 12 microscope slides labeled with TCPP for the presence of red fluorescing
cells RFCs displaying a spectral signature that indicated uptake of TCPP in the cell. In addition to measuring the spectral
signature, the fluorescent intensity and cell size of RFCs were measured. The test data, including fluorescent intensity over cell size,
was analyzed. The Patriquin trial was conducted over 24 months and resulted in 81 test accuracy, 77.9 sensitivity, and 65.7 specificity
in the ability to correctly differentiate between samples from lung cancer patients and those at high risk who were cancer-free. The
Patriquin trial required participants to provide a sputum sample and CT imaging of the lungs. Those in the cancer cohort underwent a
biopsy to confirm lung cancer. High-risk patients displaying indeterminate nodules were followed for 18 months to confirm they were cancer-free.
The Patriquin study concluded that optimizing the test to provide for analysis of the entire sputum sample would improve results. 

8 
 Patriquin, et.al., Early detection of lung cancer with Meso-Tetra (4-Carboxyphenyl) Porphyrin-Labeled Sputum, J Thorac Oncol. 2015;10(9):1311-1318.
doi: 10.1097/JTO.0000000000000627. 

8 

The
Company continued development of its lung cancer diagnostic technology culminating in a flow cytometry-based CyPath Lung
test incorporating automated AI analysis that evaluates the entire sputum sample. A blinded diagnostic trial of the advanced test 9
 (Lemieux, et al, 2023) resulted in 92 sensitivity and 87 specificity in the subgroup of these patients (N=132) who had no nodules
or lung nodules smaller than 20 mm on their LDCT scan, while eight out of 10 (80 of Stage I tumors were correctly identified. The cancer
group included all lung cancer types, but mostly squamous cell carcinoma and adenocarcinoma lung cancer (in near equal numbers), showing
that CyPath Lung detects all types of lung cancer. 

All
studies performed to date are summarized in the table below. 

CyPath 
 Lung Studies and Clinical Trials 

Study
 Description 
 
 Results

Porphyrin s
 localization and evaluation of cancer cell uptake of four different porphyrins 
 
 TCPP
 porphyrin localizes more than other porphyrins in cancer cells; higher uptake of TCPP in cancer cells than in normal cells. Uptake
 was determined by visual assessment. Cell lines were used. Researchers did not report the length of time taken to conduct this study,
 nor any follow-up. 

Blinded
 study to diagnose lung cancer by labeling sputum with TCPP and identifying red fluorescing cells under a microscope 
 
 Study
 of uranium miners (cancer N=8 / healthy N=4) that labeled sputum with TCPP resulted in 100 sensitivity and 100 specificity. Classification
 of cancer was made by subjective visual assessment of the presence and intensity of red fluorescing cells on slides. In this blinded
 study, one patient initially enrolled as a healthy subject was correctly diagnosed with cancer by the test. Length of study not reported.
 No patient follow-up was reported except for correct detection of cancer in patient initially enrolled as healthy. 

Internal
 validation study with microscopy-based assay completed to optimize TCPP labeling of sputum containing cancer and cancer-related cells
 in lung cancer samples 
 
 In
 this research study lasting eight months, the florescence intensity of TCPP-labeled cells in sputum was measured by subjective visual
 assessment of microscope slides to distinguish samples from cancer and healthy cohorts. Researchers who were blinded to sample origin
 correctly identified samples from lung cancer patients (cancer N=15 / healthy N=12) resulting in 100 sensitivity and 100 specificity.
 Participants were not followed up after providing the sputum sample and CT scan or biopsy. 

9 
 M.E.
 Lemieux, et al. Detection of Early-Stage Lung Cancer in Sputum using Automated Flow Cytometry and Machine Learning. Respir Res. 2023;24(1):23.
 doi: 10.1186/s12931-023-02327-3. 

9 

Early
 Detection of Lung Cancer with Meso-Tetra (4-Carboxyphenyl) Porphyrin-Labeled Sputum 10 
 
 A
 24-month clinical trial of 128 high-risk smokers and cancer patients used microscopy-based assay to identify TCPP-labeled cells in
 sputum (cancer N=26 / high risk N=102) that resulted in 81 accuracy, 77.9 sensitivity, 65.7 specificity. Slides were scanned.
 Fluorescent intensity and cell size of RFCs were objectively measured by software. High-risk participants who were cancer-free were
 followed for 18 months to confirm status. 

Sputum
 analysis by flow cytometry; an effective platform to analyze the lung environment. 11 
 
 Research
 reporting on the CyPath Lung test s quality controls included manual analysis of cell population data acquired
 by flow cytometry analysis of sputum. This research evaluated flow cytometry data from 164 participants sputum samples analyzed
 manually for differences in cell characteristics, cell population size, and cell fluorescence intensity. 

Detection
 of Early-Stage Lung Cancer in Sputum using Automated Flow Cytometry and Machine Learning 12 

Test
validation clinical trial using bioAffinity s automated flow cytometry CyPath Lung test (cancer N=28 / high risk
N=122) resulted in overall 82 sensitivity and 88 specificity for the test; CyPath Lung sensitivity is 92 and specificity
is 87 for patients with lung nodules smaller than 20 mm. 

Porphyrin-modified
 beads for use as compensation controls in flow cytometry 13 
 
 Reporting
on the protocol for preparing porphyrin-labeled compensation beads invented by bioAffinity and used to optimize the results of CyPath 
 Lung test to detect early-stage lung cancer. 

The
Cancer Diagnostics Market and CyPath Lung 

The
global cancer diagnostic market is projected to grow from an estimated 172.3 billion in 2022 to 293.5 billion in 2030, with a compound
annual growth rate CAGR of 6.8 . 14 The market worldwide for lung cancer diagnostic tests was estimated at
 2.6 billion in 2022 and is projected to reach 4.7 billion by 2030, with a CAGR of 7.8 over 2022-2030. 15 bioAffinity Technologies
has the potential to play a significant role in the cancer diagnostic market because our platform is noninvasive, easy to use, cost-effective,
and has a potential to lead to better patient outcomes. (See Analysis of the Potential Diagnostic, Patient And Economic Impact of
CyPath Lung When Used After LDCT Screening to Detect Lung Cancer, bioAffinity Technologies Internal Analysis with citations,
2022; attached as Appendix I of the Company s Final Prospectus filed with the SEC on September 2, 2022, pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4)
under the Securities Act) (see https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1712762/000149315222024949/form424b4.htm ). 

10 
 Patriquin, et al. Early Detection of Lung Cancer with Meso-Tetra (4-Carboxyphenyl) Porphyrin-Labeled Sputum. J Thorac Oncol. 2015;10(9):1311-1318.
doi: 10.1097/JTO.0000000000000627. 

11 
 Bederka, et al. Sputum analysis by flow cytometry; an effective platform to analyze the lung environment. PLoS One 2022;17(8). doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0272069. 

12 
 M.E. Lemieux, et al. Detection of Early-Stage Lung Cancer in Sputum using Automated Flow Cytometry and Machine Learning. Respir Res.
2023;24(1):23. doi: 10.1186/s12931-023-02327-3. 

13 
 Bauta, et al., Porphyrin-modified beads for use as compensation controls in flow cytometry, Journal of Visualized Experiments (JoVE)
2023, CITATION 

14 
 Research and Markets. Cancer Diagnostics Market Size, Share Trends Analysis Report by Product (Consumables, Instruments), by Technology,
by Screening Type, by Application, by End-user, by Region, and Segment Forecasts, 2022-2030. Oct. 2022. ResearchAndMarkets.com. 

15 
 ReportLinker. Global Lung Cancer Diagnostics Industry. Jan. 2023. ReportLinker.com. 

10 

CyPath 
 Lung is currently utilized as a diagnostic tool for detecting early-stage lung cancer. bioAffinity is conducting research for the
expansion of its flow cytometric platform technology to detect and monitor lung diseases, such as Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and asthma, and other cancers. 

The
Company licensed CyPath Lung to Precision Pathology, which began marketing CyPath Lung in Texas as an
LDT in accordance with CAP/CLIA regulations pursuant to the terms of the joint development agreement between the Company and Precision
Pathology. Limited funds were available to market CyPath Lung until the Company completed its IPO in September 2022.
CyPath Lung is sold to physicians who order CyPath Lung for patients at high risk for lung cancer after
an LDCT confirms the presence of lung nodule(s). 

As
a front-end diagnostic tool used in conjunction with LDCT, the Company s lung cancer test will help determine whether more expensive,
specialized, and/or invasive tests are warranted. CyPath Lung compares favorably to current standards of care for diagnosing
lung cancer, including invasive biopsies, as seen in the table shown below. 

Comparison
of CyPath Lung to Current Standards of Care 

Diagnostic Test or 
 Procedure 
 
 Intended
 Patient 
 
 Sensitivity 
 
 Specificity 
 
 Procedural
 Risk 

CyPath 
 Lung 16 
 
 High
 risk 
 
 82 
 
 88 
 
 None 

CyPath 
 Lung 
 
 High
 risk nodules less than 20 mm 
 
 92 
 
 87 
 
 None 

Low
 Dose CT screening 17 
 
 High
 risk 
 
 93.80 
 
 73.40 
 
 Radiation
 exposure 

FDG
 PET imaging 18 
 
 Suspicious
 lung nodules 
 
 88 
 
 75 
 
 Radiation
 exposure 

Bronchoscopy 19 
 
 Suspicious
 lung nodules central lesions 
 
 88 
 
 47 
 
 Invasive,
 risk of 
 collapsed/bleeding lung infection 

Fine
 Needle Biopsy 20 
 
 Suspicious
 lung nodules 
 
 90.4 
 
 75.4 
 
 Invasive,
 risk of 
 collapsed/bleeding lung infection 

Core
 Needle Biopsy 21 
 
 Suspicious
 lung nodules 
 
 89.1 
 
 88.6 
 
 Invasive,
 risk of 
 collapsed/bleeding lung infection 

16 
 Rebel, VI, et al. Automated Flow Cytometry Test Distinguishes
Cancer from Non-Cancer in Sputum with High Sensitivity and Specificity, poster, 2020 World Conference on Lung Cancer. January 2021. 

17 
 National Lung Screening Trial Research Team, Church TR, Black
WC, Aberle DR, Berg CD, Clingan KL, et al. Results of initial low dose computed tomographic screening for lung cancer. N Engl J Med.
2013;368(21):1980-1991. doi: 10.1056/NEJMoa1209120. 

18 
 Deppen SA, et al. Accuracy of FDG-PET to diagnose lung cancer
in areas with infectious lung disease: a meta-analysis, JAMA. 2014;312(12):1227-1336. doi: 10.1001/jama.2014.11488. 

19 
 Silvestri GA, et al. A bronchial genomic classifier for the
diagnostic evaluation of lung cancer. N Engl J Med. 2015;373:243-251. doi: 10.1056/NEJMoa1504601 

20 
 Yao X, Gomes MM, Tsao MS, Allen CJ, Geddie W, Sekhon H. Fine-needle
aspiration biopsy versus core-needle biopsy in diagnosing lung cancer: a systemic review. Curr Oncol. 2012;19(1):e16-e27. doi: 10.3747/co.19.871. 

21 
 Zhang Y, Luo G, Etxeberria J, Hao Y. Global patterns and trends
in lung cancer incidence: a population-based study. J Thorac Oncol. 2021;16:933 944. 

11 

bioAffinity s
business model is to immediately address the need for a quick-to-market, noninvasive, cost-effective lung cancer diagnostic that will
save lives and reduce medical costs. The Company is ready to capture a growing market. The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recommended
doubling the number of Americans at high risk for lung cancer who are recommended for annual screening from 9 million to an estimated
18 million. China has an estimated 300 million smokers. 46 The European Union is estimated to have 34 million people at high
risk for lung cancer. Following its entry into the U.S. market, the Company expects to pursue CE marking of CyPath Lung
for sale in the European Union and is pursuing collaboration with a strategic partner to develop the test for the China market. 

bioAffinity
conducted market research with pulmonologists, oncologists, cardiothoracic surgeons, radiologists, and internists engaged in the diagnosis
and treatment of lung cancer to help assess these stakeholders reactions to the new diagnostic, CyPath Lung. Research
revealed a strong interest in CyPath Lung, driven by the high level of unmet clinical need for noninvasive diagnostics.
A survey conducted with 240 pulmonologists and internists, the primary audience for the test, showed that 96 would use CyPath 
 Lung if it were available today as an adjunct used for diagnosis after LDCT screening. Physicians see the value of a noninvasive
diagnostic technology with the ability to confirm or rule out cancer and reduce the number of costly invasive procedures that result
from LDCT s low positive predictive rate. 

CyPath 
 Lung Business Development Plan 

We
believe in the viability of the Company s Business Plan based on the circumstances surrounding our business that are known to us
as of the date of this report. However, the timing, strategies, and stages of our Business Plan may evolve in light of new circumstances
that cannot be predicted with certainty at this time. Our Business Plan envisions four phases of expanding market entry into the U.S.,
the EU, and worldwide that are timed to maximize Company resources and minimize market risk. Phase 1 of our Business Plan begins with
a controlled market launch of the Company s LDT CyPath Lung in Texas followed by expansion into the Southwest market
area. Limited marketing was undertaken prior to the IPO that provided funds necessary to begin our controlled market launch. In February
2023, the Company announced that the marketing and advertising firms of Havas Health You and Trinity Life Sciences had been engaged
to build the CyPath Lung brand and position it for success in the cancer diagnostics sector. Havas Health You,
the world s largest global health network, is creating the branding and broader marketing strategy to align with the need for a
patient-friendly diagnostic that gives physicians another tool to assess the potential or presence of lung cancer in their high-risk
patients. Trinity Life Sciences is providing advisory services, insights, and analytics to bioAffinity Technologies marketing
strategy for CyPath Lung. The Company expects to begin a staged nationwide expansion of sales and marketing following
the successful completion of its controlled launch in 2023. Phase 2 of our Business Plan anticipates entering the EU market with CyPath 
 Lung as a CE-marked IVD test with sales in the Netherlands, followed by a staged EU expansion. Phase 3 of our Business Plan focuses
on the marketing of an FDA-cleared CyPath Lung test, beginning with a pivotal clinical trial in the U.S. Phase 4 of our
Business Plan accelerates the market presence of CyPath Lung in countries in Asia, Eastern Europe, and Australia after
obtaining FDA marketing authorization in 2026. 

At
each phase of commercialization, bioAffinity Technologies will develop messaging and marketing programs, including key convention attendance,
digital marketing, social media presence, and advertising, to create an inbound lead generation mechanism that delivers
our message to our target audience. In addition, bioAffinity will collaborate with key opinion leaders KOLs to expand
our third-party reference and speaking pool of experts. The Company will provide support and collateral materials, including posters,
presentations, videos, and peer-reviewed papers, to our KOLs who will present data and their experience with CyPath Lung
at key meetings. This content can be shared across platforms, including websites and sales tools, and will be used as references to support
our product claims as well as sales and marketing efforts to physicians, reference laboratories, and patients. We will also work with
lung cancer advocacy groups throughout all phases to support the message that routine screening can diagnose cancer at an early stage
and save lives. 

12 

The
Competition for CyPath Lung 

In
2022, we evaluated 67 companies advancing tests for the early detection of lung cancer that provided at least a scientific foundation
for their tests. These competitors are investigating lung cancer screening and diagnostic methods that use various types of collected
samples (blood, breath, nasal epithelial cells, saliva, sputum, and urine) or imaging systems. Of those 67 companies, we found that only
11 had conducted clinical studies in a manner and with results that could lead to further analysis. The majority of these 11 tests are
in research and development, with only four tests on the market and one available to a limited number of medical centers. Although CyPath 
 Lung was never tested directly against any of these five tests, comparison of the published performance numbers suggests CyPath 
 Lung might outperform them all. (See Summary of Comparative Performance Analysis of Tests on the Market, bioAffinity Technologies
Internal Analysis, 2022 ; attached as Appendix II of the Company s Final Prospectus (see https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1712762/000149315222024949/form424b4.htm )). 

From
the 67 companies we evaluated, we found only seven tests, including CyPath Lung, that represent a balanced test for early
lung cancer detection and that have advanced to the point that there is sufficient data for evaluation. Of our six competitors with well-balanced
tests (two sell the same test; one in the U.S. and one in China), four companies (20/20 GeneSystems 48,49 ; Nuclexi 50 ;
Savicell 51 ; Visongate 52 conducted their studies on a population that does not match the high-risk population for
which the test is intended. Their clinical data, therefore, is suspect as it applies to the population of patients who actually will
use the test. The two remaining balanced tests are not on the market. 

We
believe there are many reasons why CyPath Lung is a superior test when compared to its competitors. First, lung sputum
is an excellent medium for early lung cancer detection because sputum is in close contact with the tumor and pre-cancerous areas that
shed cancer and pre-cancerous cells directly into the sputum, can be obtained noninvasively, and can be transported easily. Moreover,
sputum contains immune cell populations in reaction to the presence of a tumor. Second, bioAffinity s proprietary technology is
straightforward. bioAffinity s CyPath Lung platform technology is not a molecular test and does not collect genetic
material that requires immediate processing. CyPath Lung uses well-established flow cytometry techniques to investigate
cells contained in the sputum for characteristics that indicate whether cancer is present. Sample processing is straightforward, and
laboratory technicians can be easily trained. Reagents used by the test are widely available. Data acquisition and analysis is fully
automated, allowing for efficient test results. Third, CyPath Lung has shown high specificity and sensitivity that is
similar to far more invasive and more expensive procedures currently used to detect lung cancer. Fourth, CyPath Lung
is cost effective. Existing CPT cost codes that have a reimbursable track record have been identified for use with CyPath. Fifth and
as important as any of our test s benefits, CyPath Lung is patient friendly, providing at-home sample collection
that is noninvasive and offers particular benefit during a public healthcare crisis like the coronavirus pandemic. 

For
a discussion of our competitors and competitive analysis, please see the Business The Competition for CyPath 
 Lung section of our Final Prospectus (see https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1712762/000149315222024949/form424b4.htm ). 

Research and Development
Activities 

The Company is continuing its
research and development activities pertaining to diagnostics that include multiple studies we believe will support FDA final approval
of CyPath Lung, which we will seek after the pivotal trial is complete. Our scientists also have begun preliminary studies
toward the development of CyPath Lung for detection of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and the assay s
use with bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BAL). With regard to therapeutic research, the Company continues its experiments focused on establishing
proof-of-concept for our discovery that the silencing or knockdown of two genes that each encode a cell surface receptor results in cancer
death without much harm to healthy cells with the intent of advancing toward animal studies. 

Intellectual
Property Portfolio 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Company and its subsidiary OncoSelect have a patent estate that includes 14 issued U.S. and foreign counterpart
patents, including two U.S. patents and twelve foreign counterpart patents in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy,
Mexico, Spain, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. One U.S. patent and nine counterpart foreign patents directed at diagnostic applications
expire in 2030. Therapeutic patents registered in Australia, China Mexico and the U.S. expire in 2037. 

With
regard to our diagnostic test CyPath Lung and other diagnostic candidates, we have one issued U.S. patent and nine foreign
counterpart patents in Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Spain, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. With regard to our diagnostic
patent applications, one family is directed at diagnosing lung health using flow cytometry, and the other family is directed at proprietary
compensation beads used to calibrate the flow cytometry instrument and used in CyPath Lung data acquisition. Pending
applications directed at diagnosing lung health include one pending U.S. non-provisional patent application and eight foreign counterpart
patent applications in Australia, Canada, China, European Patent Office, Hong Kong, Japan, Mexico, and Singapore filed in 2019, one Patent
Cooperation Treaty (PCT) International Application directed to the composition of compensation beads and one PCT International Application
directed to diagnosing lung health using flow cytometry were filed in 2022. 

13 

With
regard to our therapeutic product candidates, we have one issued U.S. patent, two pending U.S. patent applications, three issued foreign
patents, ten foreign applications pending in Canada, China, European Patent Office, Hong Kong, India, and Japan and one pending PCT International
Application,. The therapeutic intellectual property is made up of four families directed at our therapeutic product candidates, including
two families directed at siRNA product candidates, one family directed at soluble CD320 used in the treatment of cancer, and one family
directed at porphyrin conjugates for treating cancer. 

Government
Regulation 

For
a discussion of the extensive government regulation that the Company and our IVD medical device, CyPath Lung, are subject
to, please see the Business Government Regulation section of our Final Prospectus (see https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1712762/000149315222024949/form424b4.htm ). 

Our
Employees 

The
Company places significant emphasis on the recruitment, development, and retention of its employees who include award-winning scientists
dedicated to advancing scientific discovery from bench to bedside. Of the Company s 14 employees, all of whom are employed full-time
by the Company, one holds an MD and seven hold PhDs in biology or medicinal chemistry. Approximately nine employees are engaged in research
and development and approximately five in sales or general administration. 

Our
Executive Vice President and Chief Medical and Science Officer, Vivienne Rebel, holds an MD and PhD. Business development is led by our
Vice President of Operations, Xavier Reveles, who has 25 years of experience as a clinical geneticist skilled in the creation and management
of CLIA clinical laboratories, coding, and CPT reimbursement valuations. Mr. Reveles is board certified by the American Society of Clinical
Pathology as a clinical specialist in cytogenetics who has successfully launched multiple diagnostics and commercial laboratories. The
innovative and collaborative culture at bioAffinity is in part responsible for the high degree of retention and professional advancement.
Of those employees hired prior to 2022, most have been with the Company for more than five years of its nine-year history. Outside partnerships
and collaborations that advance business and scientific research are encouraged, allowing the Company to multiply workforce efforts without
expending significant capital. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this Item 1A. However, in addition to other information
set forth in this Annual Report, you should carefully consider the Risk Factors discussed in our Final Prospectus filed
with the SEC on September 2, 2022, pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act (see https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1712762/000149315222024949/form424b4.htm and elsewhere in this Annual Report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the
results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. Additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial might materially adversely affect our actual business, financial
condition, and operating results. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

In
June 2015, we were accepted into the New Venture Incubator Program, which was established by The University of Texas at
San Antonio UTSA to foster research by assisting technology-based businesses and entrepreneurs. Pursuant to the terms
of a license agreement, UTSA grants us a license for the temporary use of approximately 1,250 square feet of laboratory and office space
in room SRL 1.424 inside the Science Research Laboratories on UTSA s campus. In exchange, we pay a licensing fee of 3,081
 per month. The license agreement has a one-year term that we can extend by requesting a term extension from UTSA. Since 2016,
UTSA has granted each of our annual requests for a license extension. 

14 

We
rent additional corporate office space from Venture Point (formerly known as WorkHub Elite Business Center) pursuant to a membership
agreement that is renewable on a monthly basis. Currently, we rent several office suites for a monthly fee of approximately 5, 000
per month. We do not own any real property. 

Management
believes that the combination of our rented and licensed office and laboratory spaces are adequate to meet our current needs and expected
level of operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

We
are not currently a party to any current or pending material legal proceedings. From time to time, however, the Company may be involved
in various disputes and litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company may face claims brought by third
parties, or, from time to time, the Company may make claims or take legal actions to assert our rights. Regardless of the outcome, any
such claims or legal proceedings could adversely impact our business, reputation, operating results, and financial condition because
of defense and settlement costs, diversion of resources, and other factors. Results of actual and potential litigation are inherently
uncertain, and there can be no assurances that favorable outcomes will be obtained. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information. 

Our
common stock, par value 0.007 per share (the Common Stock trades under the symbol BIAF. Our tradeable warrants,
each to purchase one share of Common Stock (collectively, the Tradeable Warrants ), trade under the symbol BIAFW. 
Our Common Stock and Tradeable Warrants trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Use
of Proceeds from Initial Public Offering 

On
September 6, 2022, we completed our IPO of 1,282,600 Units at an Offering Price of 6.125 per Unit. Each Unit consisted of one share
of Common Stock, one Tradeable Warrant exercisable for the purchase of one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 7.35 per share,
and one Non-tradeable Warrant exercisable for the purchase of one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 7.656 per share. The
total number of shares of Common Stock sold in the IPO does not include the Over-Allotment Option that we granted to the Underwriters
to purchase additional shares of Common Stock, Tradeable Warrants, and/or Non-tradeable Warrants. The Underwriters exercised a portion
of their Over-Allotment Option and purchased 110,167 Tradeable Warrants at a purchase price of 0.01 per warrant, and 110,167 Non-tradeable
warrants at a purchase price of 0.01 per warrant. The shares of Common Stock and Tradeable Warrants underlying the Units offered in
our IPO and the Over-Allotment Option were registered for sale pursuant to our Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No.
333-264463), filed with and declared effective by the SEC on August 29, 2022. 

The
aggregate offering price for the registered shares of Common Stock and Tradeable Warrants was approximately 7.9 million. We received
net proceeds of approximately 6.0 million from the IPO, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately 0.7
million and offering expenses of approximately 1.2 million. The representative of the Underwriters was WallachBeth Capital, LLC. No
payments for the foregoing expenses were made by us to any of our officers, directors, or persons owning ten percent (10 or more of
our Common Stock, or to the associates of any of the foregoing, or to their affiliates, other than payments in the ordinary course of
business to our officers for salaries, bonuses, and expense reimbursements. 

15 

There
has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds as described in our Final Prospectus filed with the SEC on September 2, 2022
(see https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1712762/000149315222024949/form424b4.htm ). The expected use of net proceeds from
the IPO represents our intentions based upon our present plans and business conditions. We cannot predict with certainty all of the particular
uses for the proceeds of the IPO or the amounts that we will actually spend on the uses set forth above. Accordingly, our management
will have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds we received from the IPO, and investors will be relying on the judgment
of our management regarding the application of our net proceeds. While we expect to use the net proceeds for the purposes described above,
the timing and amount of our actual expenditures will be based on many factors, including cash flows from operations, the anticipated
growth of our business, and the availability and terms of alternative financing sources to fund our growth. 

Holders
of Record. 

As
of March 20, 2023 , there were approximately 68 
holders of record of shares of our Common Stock. This number does not reflect the beneficial holders of our common stock who hold
shares in street name through brokerage accounts or other nominees. 

Dividends. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if
any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. Any future determination regarding the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of
directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, results of operations, contractual restrictions,
capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 5,456,344 
 5.88 
 237,160 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 5,456,344 
 5.88 
 237,160 

Item
6. [Reserved.] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

This
section presents management s perspective on our financial condition and results of operations. The following discussion and analysis
(the MD A is intended to highlight and supplement data and information presented elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. The MD A is also intended to provide you with information that will assist you in understanding our consolidated financial
statements, the changes in key items in those consolidated financial statements from year to year, and the primary factors that accounted
for those changes. To the extent that this discussion describes prior performance, the descriptions relate only to the periods listed,
which may not be indicative of our future financial outcomes. In addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause the Company s financial results to differ materially
from management s expectations. Factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements section of this Quarterly Report and in the Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form10-K. 

16 

Our
MD A is organized as follows: 

Company
 Overview Discussion of our Business Plan and strategy to provide context for the remainder of the MD A. 

Results
 of Operations Analysis of our financial results comparing the year ended December 31, 2022, to the year ended December
 31, 2021. 

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources Analysis of changes in our cash flows, and discussion of our financial condition and potential
 sources of liquidity. 

Critical
 Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates Accounting policies that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions
 and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results and forecasts. 

Company
Overview 

Business 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. (the Company, we, or our develops noninvasive, early-stage diagnostics
to detect and researches targeted therapies to detect and treat lung cancer and other diseases of the lung at the cellular level. Our
Company also is conducting early-stage research focused on advancing therapeutic discoveries that could result in broad-spectrum cancer
treatments. We develop proprietary noninvasive diagnostic tests and cancer therapeutics using technology that preferentially targets
cancer cells and cell populations indicative of a diseased state. Research and optimization of our platform technologies are conducted
in our laboratories at The University of Texas at San Antonio. 

Our
first diagnostic test, CyPath Lung, addresses the need for noninvasive detection of early-stage lung cancer. Lung cancer
is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths. Physicians are able to order CyPath Lung to assist in their assessment
of patients who are at high risk for lung cancer. The CyPath Lung test enables physicians to more confidently distinguish
between patients who will likely benefit from timely intervention and more invasive follow-up procedures from patients who are likely
without lung cancer and should continue annual screening. CyPath Lung has the potential to increase overall diagnostic
accuracy of lung cancer, which could lead to increased survival, fewer unnecessary invasive procedures, reduced patient anxiety, and
lower medical costs. 

Through
our wholly owned subsidiary, OncoSelect Therapeutics, LLC, our research has led to discoveries and advancement of novel
cancer therapeutics that specifically and selectively target cancer cells. We are focused on expanding our broad-spectrum platform technologies
to continue developing tests that detect and therapies that target various types of cancer and potentially other diseases. 

Recent
Developments 

In
 the third quarter of 2022, the Company completed our initial public offering (IPO), with net proceeds of 6.0 million after deducting
 underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. In connection with our IPO, the Company converted almost 11 million in
 debt and related accrued interest into shares of Common Stock. 

In
 the third quarter of 2022, the Company raised additional proceeds of 7.8 million from the sale of warrants and the exercise of options. 

In
 the second quarter of 2022, we recognized royalty revenue on sales of our CyPath Lung test to physicians by Precision
 Pathology Services Precision Pathology ), a CAP-accredited, CLIA-certified clinical pathology laboratory and our licensee
 in San Antonio, Texas. 

17 

We
 have determined we will need to enroll an estimated 1,800 participants in our pivotal clinical trial that is designed to confirm
 the sensitivity and specificity of CyPath Lung in detecting lung cancer in persons at high risk for the disease,
 including patients who display indeterminate lung nodules between 6mm and 30 mm in size which often present a challenge in diagnosis. 

In
 the third quarter of 2022, the Company was awarded therapeutic patents in The People s Republic of China, Mexico, and Australia
 directed at compounds comprised of porphyrins conjugated to chemotherapeutic agents that can provide selective treatment for cancer. 

In
 the third quarter of 2022, Precision was inspected by the College of American Pathologists (CAP) including inspection of the CyPath 
 Lung test in accordance with CAP/CLIA regulatory standards and regulations. The inspection resulted in continued
 accreditation for the laboratory and the CyPath Lung test as a Laboratory Developed Test (LDT). 

In
 the first quarter of 2023, the Company announced publication of Detection of early-stage lung cancer in sputum using automated
 flow cytometry and machine learning detailing results of the Company s validation clinical trial for its non-invasive
 diagnostic CyPath Lung in Respiratory Research, which showed CyPath Lung had 92 sensitivity and 87 specificity
 in high-risk patients who had nodules smaller than 20 millimeters or no nodules in the lung, with an area under the ROC curve of
 94 . Overall, the test resulted in specificity of 88 and sensitivity of 82 . More than half of those in the cancer cohort had early
 Stage I or II lung cancer. CyPath Lung detected multiple forms of cancer including adenocarcinoma, squamous cell carcinoma,
 and small cell lung cancer. 

In the first quarter of 2023, the Company announced publication in the
peer-reviewed journal JoVE of Porphyrin-modified beads for use as compensation controls in flow cytometry that describes
the beads engineered by the Company for use with its CyPath Lung test. 

In the first quarter of 2023, the Company announced that the U.S. Patent
and Trademark Office (USPTO) issued a Notice of Allowance for a therapeutic patent application directed at compounds comprised of porphyrins
conjugated to chemotherapeutic agents that can provide selective treatment for cancer. 

Development
of Our Diagnostic Tests 

Our
first diagnostic test, CyPath Lung, is a noninvasive test to detect early-stage lung cancer in people at high risk for
the disease. Our current five-year Business Plan for the commercial development of CyPath Lung contemplates the following
major initiatives: 

Initial
 market launch of CyPath Lung as an LDT in Texas, expanding sales to the Southwest U.S. to be followed by an expanding
 sale of the test to U.S. physicians; 

Launch
 CyPath Lung as a CE-marked in vitro diagnostic (IVD) test in the EU; 

Initiate
 and complete a pivotal clinical trial proving the efficacy of CyPath Lung; 

Submit
 to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for clearance for the Company to directly sell CyPath Lung as an FDA-cleared
 test to U.S. physicians for detection of early-stage lung cancer in people at high risk for the disease; and 

Expand
 the EU market and sale of CyPath Lung in Asia, Eastern Europe, and Australia. 

Notwithstanding
that initial and interim data appear promising, the outcomes of our future clinical trials are uncertain, and future clinical trials
may ultimately be unsuccessful. 

Financial 

To
date, we have devoted a substantial portion of our efforts and financial resources to the development of our first diagnostic test, CyPath 
 Lung. As a result, since our inception in 2014, we have funded our operations principally through private sales of our equity or
debt securities. From October 2021 through August 2022, the Company raised 2.7 million through the sale of Bridge Notes. In July 2022,
all but six of the Bridge Notes with an aggregate principal amount of 325,000 were further amended to have a maturity date of October
31, 2022. As consideration for the maturity date extension, each noteholder received a warrant to purchase that number of shares of Common
Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the principal amount of such holder s note by 10.5 at an exercise price equal
to 5.25 per share of Common Stock, representing 50 warrant coverage on the principal amount of the note. In connection with the sale
of our convertible Bridge Notes, our Placement Agent was paid commissions of nine percent (9.0 and was issued the Placement Agent s
Warrant to purchase 54,464 shares of Common Stock. The Placement Agent s Warrants have substantially the same terms as the warrants
issued to our noteholders and an exercise price of 7.35 per share. 

18 

In
September 2022, we completed our IPO, with net proceeds of 6.0 million after underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering expenses,
and received proceeds of approximately 7.8 million from the exercise of warrants and options. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and
cash equivalents of 11.5 million. We believe that our available cash will be sufficient to fund our planned operations for at least
12 months following the issuance date of this Annual Report. 

In
the second quarter of 2022, we started to recognize revenue from sales of the CyPath Lung test by our licensee, Precision
Pathology. We have never been profitable, and as of December 31, 2022, we had working capital of 10.8 million and an accumulated deficit
of approximately 36.7 million. We expect to continue to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future as we continue
the development of our diagnostic tests and therapeutic products and advance our diagnostic tests through clinical trials. We intend
to license our therapeutic products for clinical development should animal and pre-clinical studies prove successful. 

We
anticipate raising additional cash needed through the private or public sales of equity or debt securities, collaborative arrangements,
or a combination thereof, to continue to fund our operations and develop our products. There is no assurance that any such collaborative
arrangement will be entered into or that financing will be available to us when needed in order to allow us to continue our operations,
or if available, on terms acceptable to us. If we do not raise sufficient funds in a timely manner, we may be forced to curtail operations,
delay our clinical trials, cease operations altogether, or file for bankruptcy. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022, Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Our
results of operations have varied significantly from year to year and quarter to quarter and may vary significantly in the future. Net
loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, was approximately 8.2 million, compared to a net loss of approximately 6.3 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021, resulting from the operational activities described below. 

Revenue 

Our
revenue is generated exclusively from royalties for our first diagnostic test, CyPath Lung, from sales by Precision Pathology,
a CAP-accredited, CLIA-certified clinical pathology laboratory and our licensee. Although Precision Pathology placed CyPath 
 Lung on its list of tests offered to physicians in second quarter 2022, there was limited marketing of the product until our IPO
in September provided funds to assemble a marketing team of experts focused on demonstrating the clinical value of CyPath 
Lung in the marketplace. The limited test market launch in the San Antonio area is designed to evaluate our marketing program and help
us ensure each step in the care pathway is efficient and effective, from the initial order by physicians to patient sputum collection
and processing, to generating and delivering the patient report. This limited test market approach allows us to refine future positioning
and develop strategic insight for our CyPath Lung test before expanding to a larger market. We had revenue of approximately
 5,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, from the sale of CyPath Lung as an LDT, compared to no revenue in 2021. 

We
expect our revenue to continue to grow for CyPath Lung as we add physicians prescribing our diagnostic test and expand
our outreach to other geographic areas. Our revenues are affected by the test volume of our products, patient adherence rates, payer
mix, the levels of reimbursement, and payment patterns of payers and patients. 

19 

Cost
of Sales 

Cost
of sales is comprised primarily of costs related to inventory production and usage and shipment of collection kits to patients and healthcare
providers. The increase in cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, is primarily due to the launch of sales in the second
quarter of 2022, compared to no sales in the prior year. 

Operating
Expenses 

Year Ended 
 Change in 2022 

December 31, 
 Versus 2021 

2022 
 2021 

(amounts in 
 thousands) 
 (amounts in 
 thousands) 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 1,143 
 1,008 
 135 
 13 
 
 Clinical development 
 146 
 130 
 16 
 12 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 2,727 
 1,069 
 1,658 
 155 
 
 Total operating expense 
 4,016 
 2,207 
 1,809 
 82 

Operating
expenses totaled 4.0 million and 2.2 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in operating expenses is the result of
the following factors. 

Research
and Development 

Our
research and development expenses consist primarily of expenditures for lab operations, preclinical studies, compensation, and consulting
costs. 

Research and development expenses totaled 1.1 million
and 1.0 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of approximately 135,000, or 13 , for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily
attributable to an increase in compensation costs and benefits as we added research personnel, partially offset by a decrease in the prior
year due to several employees who were furloughed for several months and later returned to their positions with the Company. Additionally,
costs related to lab supplies and reagents increased as employees returned to facilities after restrictions eased for COVID-19. These
increases were partially offset by a decrease in stock compensation expense related to stock option and restricted share grants to employees
and consultants in 2022 compared to 2021. 

Clinical
Development 

Clinical
development expenses totaled approximately 146,000 and 130,000 during 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of approximately 16,000,
or 12 , for 2022, compared to 2021 was primarily attributable to an increase in professional fees, including consulting fees, and increases
in clinical study activities related to site costs compared to 2021 as operations were still being affected by the global pandemic. 

Selling,
General and Administrative 

Our
selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of expenditures related to compensation, legal, accounting, tax and
other professional services, and general operating costs. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses totaled
approximately 2.7 million and 1.1 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 1.7 million, or 155 , for 2022 compared
to 2021 was primarily attributable to increases related to consulting, legal, and professional fees incurred in 2022 compared to 2021
as we prepared for our IPO and comply with the reporting requirements of a public company. Patent costs increased in the current year
as we maintain and expand our patent portfolio to protect our diagnostic and therapeutic platforms. Additionally, the increase was due
to an increase in stock-based compensation, as well as an increase in compensation and benefits as we increased personnel and support
services to support the launch of sales of our diagnostic test, CyPath Lung. 

20 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Year Ended 
 Change in 2022 

December 31, 
 Versus 2021 

2022 
 2021 

(amounts in 
 thousands) 
 (amounts in 
 thousands) 

Interest income (expense), net 
 (2,486 
 (1,002 
 (1,484 
 148 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 212 
 239 
 (27 
 -11 
 
 Fair value of warrants 
 
 (4,080 
 4,080 
 -100 
 
 Loss on change in fair value of convertible notes 
 (1,867 
 725 
 (2,592 
 -358 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 (4,141 
 (4,118 
 (23 
 1 

Other
income (expense) totaled approximately 4.1) million and 4.1) million for 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Interest
income (expense) 

We
had net interest expense of approximately 2.5 million and 1.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The increase was due to additional convertible notes outstanding during the same period in the prior year. Additionally, in 2022 the
Company recorded interest expense of approximately 2.1 million for the amortization of debt discount related to the issuance of Bridge
Notes. 

Gain
on Extinguishment of Debt 

In
March 2021, the Company received a second draw 0.2 million Paycheck Protection Program Loan (the PPP Loan and received
forgiveness from the Small Business Administration (SBA) in April 2022, recording a gain of 212,000 on the extinguishment of the PPP
Loan. In April 2020, the Company received an initial 0.2 million PPP Loan and received forgiveness from the SBA in June 2021, recording
a gain of 239,000 on the extinguishment of the PPP Loan. 

Fair
value of warrants 

In
2021, in connection with the issuance of the Bridge Notes, the Company amended the terms of certain convertible notes. As an
inducement to amending the notes, the Company issued Common Stock warrants with the same terms and conditions as the warrants issued
to the Bridge Note holders. The estimated fair value of the warrants was 4.1 million and immediately expensed within the
accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

(Loss)
gain on change in fair value of convertible notes 

The
loss on the change in fair value of convertible notes totaled approximately 1.9 million during 2022 compared to a gain of 0.7 million
during 2021, respectively. The change in the fair value of convertible notes resulted primarily from changes in the calculation of the
fair value of our stock, the reduction in the expected term, and other assumptions during the reported periods. Refer to our notes to
audited financial statements for further discussion on our convertible notes. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

To
date, we have funded our operations primarily through our IPO, exercise of warrants and options, and the sale of our equity and debt
securities, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately 34.3 million. 

We
have incurred losses since our inception in 2014 as a result of significant expenditures for operations and research and development
and, prior to April 2022, the lack of any approved diagnostic tests or therapeutic products to generate revenue. We have an accumulated
deficit of approximately 36.7 million as of December 31, 2022. We anticipate that we will continue to incur additional losses for the
foreseeable future. Cash and cash equivalents were approximately 11.4 million as of December 31, 2022. Based on our current level of
expected operating expenditures, we expect to be able to fund our operations for at least twelve (12) months following the date of this
Annual Report. 

21 

In
the fourth quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022, the Company issued a total of 2.4 million in Bridge Notes. In August 2022,
the Company issued an additional 0.3 million in Bridge Notes to related parties. The Bridge Notes were convertible into the Company s
Common Stock at the time of an IPO or at the noteholder s option at 4.20 per share, adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock
dividend, or other similar change in the Common Stock. The convertible Bridge Notes bore interest at six percent (6 and, with one exception,
were amended to have a maturity date of August 31, 2022. The maturity date of one convertible bridge note with a principal amount of
 100,000 was not extended and was repaid in full. 

In
July 2022, all but six of the Bridge Notes with an aggregate principal amount of 325,000 were further amended to have a maturity date
of October 31, 2022. As consideration for the maturity date extension, each noteholder received a warrant to purchase that number of
shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the principal amount of such holder s note by 10.5 at an exercise
price equal to 5.25 per share of Common Stock, representing 50 warrant coverage on the principal amount of the note. In connection
with the sale of our convertible Bridge Notes, our Placement Agent was paid commissions of nine percent (9.0 and was issued the Placement
Agent s Warrant to purchase 54,464 shares of Common Stock. The Placement Agent s Warrants have substantially the same terms
as the warrants issued to our noteholders and an exercise price of 7.35 per share. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company repaid
 325,000 for those notes that were not converted at the time of the Company s IPO. 

We
continue to seek sources of financing to fund our continued operations and research and development programs. To raise additional capital,
we may sell additional equity or debt securities, or enter into collaborative, strategic, and/or licensing transactions. There can be
no assurance that we will be able to complete any financing transaction in a timely manner or on acceptable terms or otherwise or enter
into a collaborative or strategic transaction. If we are not able to raise additional cash, we may be forced to delay, curtail, or cease
development of our diagnostic tests or therapeutic products, or cease operations altogether. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following information reflects cash flows for the years presented: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(amounts in thousands) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 1,361 
 83 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (4,071 
 (2,049 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (220 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 14,344 
 3,327 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 11,414 
 1,361 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately 4.1 million and 2.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The increase of approximately 2.1 million in cash used by operations during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021, was
primarily attributable to an increase of 1.8 million in our loss from operations as compared to the prior year as described above. These
increases were partially offset by adjustments for the amortization of debt discount related to the issuance of Bridge Notes and non-cash
charges related to stock-based compensation. 

22 

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities 

The
Company used approximately 0.2 million in investing activities in 2022, compared to no cash used for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase in cash used in investing activities in 2022, compared to 2021, is attributable to the purchase of lab equipment in the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 14.3 million primarily due to net proceeds of approximately
 6.0 million from issuance of Common Stock in our IPO, as well as proceeds of approximately 7.8 million from the exercise of warrants
and options. Additionally, the increase is due to the issuance of 0.7 million of our Bridge Notes during the year, partially offset
by debt issuance costs and the repayment of 425,000 of notes not converted as part of the IPO. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 3.3 million consisting of 3.3 million from the issuance
of convertible notes, as well as receiving a second draw on our PPP Loan of 212,000 in March 2021, partially offset by the payment of
approximately 180,000 in debt issuance costs. In April 2022, the Company submitted an application for forgiveness for the second draw
on our PPP Loan and received notice of forgiveness from the SBA. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States requires
management to make significant judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Management bases these significant judgments and estimates on historical experience and other assumptions it
believes to be reasonable based upon information presently available. Actual results could differ from those estimates under
different assumptions, judgments, or conditions. 

Share-Based
Compensation 

We
follow ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense
for all share-based payment awards made to employees, directors, and non-employees based on estimated fair values. We have used the Black-Scholes
option pricing model to estimate grant date fair value for all option grants. The assumptions we use in calculating the fair value of
share-based payment awards represent management s best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application
of management judgment. As such, as we use different assumptions based on a change in factors, our stock-based compensation expense could
be materially different in the future. 

Accounting
for Income Taxes 

We
are governed by U.S. income tax laws, which are administered by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). We follow ASC 740, Accounting
for Income Taxes , which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion
or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation
of future taxable income and the reversal of deferred tax liabilities during the period in which the related temporary difference becomes
deductible. 

Fair
Value of Convertible Notes Payable 

We
adopted FASB ASU No. 2016-01 Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10) . In applying ASC 825, it is necessary
to determine whether to bifurcate the Beneficial Conversion Feature from the convertible note. Under ASC 825, provided the fixed conversion
price stipulated in the convertible note is greater than the fair market value at the date of issuance out of the money ),
the beneficial conversion feature guidance is not applicable, and the convertible notes are eligible to be valued at fair value and any
adjustments recorded in the statement of operations. 

23 

The
Company elected to account for the convertible notes payable at fair value with any changes in fair value being recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations until the convertible notes are settled. The fair value of the convertible notes is determined with the assistance
of a third-party valuation firm. Given the conversion terms that exist, there were two scenarios considered: i) conversion into a preferred
share class, or ii) conversion into the common share class. Given the issuance dates, a negotiation discount was calibrated and applied
such that the probability weighting of the issued notes is equal to par value as of the respective issuance dates. The probabilities
of each conversion scenario were discussed and assigned based on the expectations regarding the future of the Company. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not engage in transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often
referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, as a part of our ongoing business. Accordingly, we did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements during any of the periods presented. 

Going
Concern 

Our
evaluation of our ability to continue as a going concern requires us to evaluate our future sources and uses of cash sufficient to fund
our currently expected operations in conducting research and development activities one year from the date our financial statements are
issued. We evaluate the probability associated with each source and use of cash resources in making our going concern determination.
The research and development of our diagnostic tests and therapeutic products are inherently subject to uncertainty. 

Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K and are not required to provide the information otherwise required
under this item. 

Emerging
Growth Company (EGC) Status 

As
an EGC under the JOBS Act, we may delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private
companies. Other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements under the JOBS Act for EGCs include presentation of only two years of
audited financial statements in a registration statement for an IPO, an exemption from the requirement to provide an auditor s
report on internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, an exemption from any requirement
that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and less extensive disclosure about our executive compensation
arrangements. 

24 

In
addition, the JOBS Act provides that an EGC can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting
standards. This provision allows an EGC to delay the adoption of some accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply
to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that
have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth
company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective
dates. 

We
may remain classified as an EGC until the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the IPO, although if the market value
of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of June 30 of any year before that time, or if we have annual
gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more in any fiscal year, we would cease to be an EGC as of December 31 of the applicable year. We
would also cease to be an EGC if we issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K and are not required to provide the information otherwise required
under this Item 7A. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
information required by this item is presented at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1 and is incorporated
herein by reference. An index of those financial statements is found in Part IV, Item 15, Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Rules 13a-15(e)and 15d-15(e)). Based on that evaluation, management has concluded
that due to limited resources and limited number of employees, its internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. To mitigate the limited resources and employees, we rely heavily on direct management oversight of transactions,
along with the use of legal and accounting professionals. As we grow, we expect to increase the number of employees, which we believe
will enable us to implement adequate segregation of duties within the internal control framework. 

25 

Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

This
annual report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting due to a
transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Attestation
Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period
established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal controls (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) over financial reporting
during the year ended December 31, 2022, covered by this Annual Report that could materially affect, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

The
information required by this item of Form 10-K will be included under the caption Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate
Governance in our 2023 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
information required by this item of Form 10-K will be included under the caption Executive and Director Compensation in
our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
information required by this item of Form 10-K will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
information required by this item of Form 10-K will be included under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 
and Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Director Independence in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated
by reference herein. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
information required by this item of Form 10-K will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein. 

26 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)
Financial Statements and Schedules. 

See
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(b)
Exhibits. 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Title 
 
 Form 
 
 Filed
 Date 
 
 Exhibit
 No. 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, as currently in effect. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 June
 16, 2022 
 
 3.3 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant, as currently in effect. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 June
 16, 2022 
 
 3.6 

4.1 
 
 Form
 of Registrant s Common Stock Certificate. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 June
 16, 2022 
 
 4.1 

4.2 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant issued to San Antonio Economic Development Corporation dated March 17, 2017. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 May
 25, 2022 
 
 4.2 

4.3 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Holders of the Registrant s Convertible Promissory Notes. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 May
 25, 2022 
 
 4.3 

4.4 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent s Warrant issued to WallachBeth Capital, LLC. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 August
 5, 2022 
 
 4.4 

4.5 
 
 Form
 of Representative s Warrant issued to WallachBeth Capital, LLC. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 July
 28, 2022 
 
 4.5 

4.6 
 
 Form
 of (Tradeable) Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued as part of the Units sold in the Registrant s IPO. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 August
 18, 2022 
 
 4.6 

4.7 
 
 Form
 of Warrant Agent Agreement for the Warrants issued as part of the Units sold in the Registrant s IPO. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 August
 18, 2022 
 
 4.7 

4.8 
 
 Form
 of (Non-tradeable) Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued as part of the Units sold in the Registrant s IPO. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 August
 18, 2022 
 
 4.15 

10.1 
 
 2014
 Equity Incentive Plan of Registrant, as amended. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 May
 25, 2022 
 
 10.1 

10.2 
 
 Executive
 Chairman Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2020, by and between Registrant and Steven Girgenti, as amended. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 May
 25, 2022 
 
 10.2 

10.3 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated February 1, 2015, by and between Registrant and Maria Zannes. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 May
 25, 2022 
 
 10.3 

10.4 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated April 4, 2016, by and between Registrant and Vivienne Rebel, as amended. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 May
 25, 2022 
 
 10.4 

27 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Title 
 
 Form 
 
 Filed
 Date 
 
 Exhibit
 No. 

10.5 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated February 1, 2015, by and between Registrant and Timothy Zannes. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 May
 25, 2022 
 
 10.5 

10.6 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement dated May 25, 2017, by and between Registrant and Michael Edwards, as amended. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 May
 25, 2022 
 
 10.6 

10.7 
 
 License
 Agreement to Participate in the UTSA New Venture Incubator Program dated June 15, 2015, by and between Registrant and the University
 of Texas at San Antonio. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 May
 25, 2022 
 
 10.7 

10.8 
 
 Joint
 Development Agreement dated October 1, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Village Oaks Pathology Services, P.A. d/b/a Precision
 Pathology Services. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 May
 25, 2022 
 
 10.8 

10.9 
 
 Agreement
 dated October 17, 2020, by and between Registrant and GO2 Partners. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 May
 25, 2022 
 
 10.9 

14.1 
 
 Code
 of Business Conduct of the Registrant. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 May
 25, 2022 
 
 14.1 

19.1 
 
 Insider Trading Policy of the Registrant. 
 
 Filed herewith 

21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 May
 25, 2022 
 
 21.1 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Furnished herewith 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Filed
 herewith 

28 

SIGNATURES. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

bioAffinity
 Technologies, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Maria Zannes 

Maria
 Zannes 

Chief
 Executive Officer, President, and Director 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Maria Zannes 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, and
Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Maria
 Zannes 

/s/
 Michael Edwards 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Edwards 
 
 (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Steven Girgenti 

Executive Chairman and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Steven
 Girgenti 

/s/
 Robert Anderson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Robert
 Anderson 

/s/
 Stuart Diamond 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Stuart
 Diamond 

/s/
 Peter S. Knight 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Peter
 S. Knight 

/s/
 Mohsin Meghji 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Mohsin
 Meghji 

/s/
 Gary Rubin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Gary
 Rubin 

29 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Index
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID NO. 100) 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of bioAffinity Technologies, Inc. (the Company as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in convertible preferred stock and
stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to
obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March
31, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F- 2 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 consolidated
Balance Sheets 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts and other receivables, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Property and equipment, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES, CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Current portion of Paycheck Protection Program loan 

Loan payable 

Convertible notes payable at fair value 

Total current liabilities 

Paycheck Protection Program loan, less current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (See Note 9) 
 - 

Convertible preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, aggregate liquidation preference of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Preferred stock, shares issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common Stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities, convertible preferred stock, and stockholders equity (deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Clinical development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Fair value of warrants issued 

Fair value adjustments on convertible notes payable 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 consolidated
Statements of Changes in Convertible preferred stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Convertible 
 
 Additional 
 
 Stockholders 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Fair value of warrants issued 

Beneficial conversion feature for bridge notes 

Debt discount for warrants issued 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Beneficial conversion feature for bridge notes 

Return of capital from stock split 

Debt discount for warrants issued 

Common stock issued upon initial public offering, net of underwriters commission and offering costs of million 

Common stock issued on conversion of convertible preferred stock 

Common stock issued on conversion of notes payable 

Exercise of warrants 

Exercise of stock options 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Accretion of debt issuance costs 

Fair value adjustments on convertible notes payable 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Fair value of warrants issued 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts and other receivables 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from loan payable 

Payment on loans payable 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes payable 

Repayment of convertible loan payable 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock from the initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses of approximately million 

Exercise of warrants 

Exercise of stock options 

Return of capital from stock split 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Income taxes paid in cash 

Interest paid 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock into common stock 

Conversion of convertible notes payable into common stock 

Fair value of warrants issued to placement agents 

Beneficial conversion feature for bridge notes 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

units (the Units at an offering price of 
per Unit (the Offering Price ). 
per share Common Stock ), (ii) one tradeable warrant (a Tradeable Warrant exercisable for the purchase
of one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 
per share, and (iii) one non-tradeable warrant (a Non-tradeable Warrant exercisable for the purchase of one share of
Common Stock at an exercise price of 
per share. The sale of Units in the IPO generated gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 
million before deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses. The Company intends to use the net
proceeds from the Offering for working capital and for general corporate purposes, including product and test development, sales,
general and administrative matters, and capital expenditures. 

In
connection with the closing of the IPO, the Company converted 
shares of the convertible preferred stock into 
shares of Common Stock. Additionally, the Company converted approximately 
million in convertible notes, Bridge Notes, and related accrued interest into 
Common Stock. See Note 8. 

In
June 2022, the Company completed a of its Common Stock. All share and per share amounts have been adjusted
on a retroactive basis in these consolidated financial statements to reflect the effect of the reverse stock split. In addition,
the stock split resulted in the par value of the Company s Common Stock increasing to per share. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. accounting principles generally accepted GAAP ). 

In
accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), the Company has evaluated whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year after the date the consolidated financial
statements are issued. 

The
Company has incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception and expects to continue to incur losses
and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. As a result, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million at December
31, 2022. Our cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 were approximately million, representing of our total assets.
Based on our current expected level of operating expenditures, the Company believes its cash on hand at December 31, 2022, is sufficient
to fund the Company s ongoing operations for a period of a least twelve (12) months subsequent to the issuance of the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. Thereafter, the Company may need to raise further capital through the sale of additional equity or
debt securities or other debt instruments, strategic relationships or grants, or other arrangements to support its future operations.
If such funding is not available or not available on terms acceptable to the Company, the Company s current development plan may
be curtailed. 

COVID-19 

The
rapid global spread of the COVID-19 virus since December 2019 has affected production and sales, and disrupted supply chains across a
range of industries. The impact of COVID-19 on the Company s operations and financial performance will depend on numerous factors,
including but not limited to the duration and spread of the virus and the impact on the Company s customers, employees, clinical
trial sites, and vendors. 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

As
the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, the ultimate impact of the pandemic on the Company s operations is highly uncertain
and subject to change and will depend on future developments, which cannot be accurately predicted, including the duration of the pandemic,
additional or modified government actions, and the actions taken to contain COVID-19 or address its impact, among others. Management
does not yet know the full extent of potential delays or impacts on the Company, clinical trials, research programs, healthcare systems,
or the global economy, but continues to monitor the situation closely. 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could
have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

million were offset against the proceeds from the IPO and reclassified to additional paid-in capital in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2021, deferred offering costs totaling approximately were included as non-current assets
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

 years. 

Property
and equipment is reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets
may not be recoverable. The Company recognizes an impairment charge in the event the net book value of such assets exceeds the future
undiscounted cash flows attributable to the asset group. No impairment losses were incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

for the year ended December 31, 2022. There were advertising expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Shares underlying options outstanding 

Shares underlying warrants outstanding 

Shares underlying convertible notes outstanding 

Anti-dilutive
 securities 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million and million
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and from research and development
to selling, general and administrative for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Legal and professional 

Other 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Computers and software 

Property
 and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
and amortization expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Legal and professional 

Clinical 

Other 

Total accrued expenses 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million PPP Loan (the PPP Loan bearing interest at a one percent fixed annual rate, with a maturity date of , and was eligible for forgiveness under certain conditions. In October 2020, the
Company submitted an application for forgiveness with its lender. In June 2021, the Company received forgiveness from the SBA and recorded
a gain of on the extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

In
March 2021, the Company received a second PPP Loan for million bearing interest at a one percent fixed annual rate, and will
mature in , and is eligible for forgiveness under certain conditions. In April 2022, the Company received notice the loan was
forgiven by the SBA and recorded a gain of on the extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

In
September 2022, the Company obtained short-term financing of approximately million with of approximately 
and interest at a fixed annual rate for director and officer insurance policies. 

A
description of the valuation techniques and the values used for significant unobservable inputs to derive fair value measurements for
those assets and liabilities measured at fair value at December 31, 2021: 

Risky Put + 
 Stock Payoff 
 Probability weighting assigned to automatic and optional conversion scenarios 
 / 

Applied discount rate 

Common share class volatility 

Preferred stock class volatility 

Negotiation discount 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
Company transferred of convertible notes payable from level 3 to level 2 during the year ended December 31, 2022, to account
for notes that were not converted at the time of the Company s IPO. During the fourth quarter of 2022, these notes, together with
the related accrued interest, were repaid in full. See Note 8. There were no transfers into or out of level 3 during the year ended December
31, 2021. The Company issued a total of million and million in convertible notes for the years ended December 31, 2022, and
2021, respectively, which are included in level 3 liabilities. The following table summarizes the fair values of convertible note payables
and the change in fair value at each measurement date: 

Convertible notes payable issued 

Debt discount for warrants issued 

Accretion of debt issuance costs 

Change in fair value of convertible notes payable 

Fair value of convertible notes payable at December 31, 2021 

Additional convertible notes payable issued 

Repayment of convertible notes payable 

Debt discount for warrants issued 

Accretion of debt issuance costs 

Change in fair value of convertible notes payable 

Transfer from level 3 to level 2 

Conversion of convertible notes payable into common stock 

Fair value of convertible notes payable at December 31, 2022 

million consisting of approximately million in convertible notes and Bridge Notes, related accrued interest of approximately
 million, and approximately million of fair value adjustments into shares of Common Stock. 

From
August 2018 through July 2020, the Company issued a total of million in notes payable, including million to related parties,
convertible into the next class of equity securities in which the Company issues and sells equity securities with aggregate gross proceeds
of at least million. The conversion price was initially determined as seventy percent multiplied by the per share purchase
price for the next equity financing. Additionally, provided no equity financing had occurred, and the note was still outstanding, the
noteholder could have elected to convert the outstanding principal and accrued interest into shares of the Company s Common Stock
at a price of per share. The convertible notes payable had a maturity date of , bore interest at annually,
and were secured by the intellectual property of the Company. As a result, the Company issued warrants
to purchase shares of Common Stock at a price of per share. See Note 12 for additional disclosures related to warrants.
Upon completion of the IPO, the notes automatically converted into shares of Common Stock. Conversion of the note at the IPO closing
extinguished this security and resulted in the Company wholly owning all its intellectual property without a security interest. 

From
October 2020 through June 2021, the Company issued a total of million in notes payable, including million to related parties,
convertible into the next class of equity securities in which the Company issues and sells equity securities with aggregate gross proceeds
of at least million. The conversion price was determined as eighty percent multiplied by the per share purchase price for
the next equity financing. Additionally, provided no equity financing has occurred and the note is still outstanding, the noteholder
could have elected to convert the outstanding principal and accrued interest into shares of the Company s Common Stock at a price
of per share. The convertible notes payable bore interest at annually and had a maturity date in October 2021 . As a result, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock at a price of per
share. See Note 12 for additional disclosures related to warrants. Upon completion of the IPO, the million of the notes automatically
converted into shares of Common Stock. In October 2022, the Company repaid for the note that was not converted at the time of
the Company s IPO. 

In
the second and third quarters of 2021, the Company issued a total of approximately million in additional notes payable, including
 million to related parties, convertible into the next class of equity securities in which the Company issues and sells equity securities
with aggregate gross proceeds of at least million. The conversion price was initially determined as eighty percent multiplied
by the per share purchase price for the next equity financing. Additionally, provided no equity financing has occurred and the note was
still outstanding, the noteholder could elect to convert the outstanding principal and accrued interest into shares of the Company s
Common Stock at a price of per share. As a result of the completion of a bridge financing sufficient to provide working capital
to complete an IPO, the notes became convertible into the Company s equity securities on the same terms as the conversion feature
established in the bridge financing. The convertible notes payable had a maturity date in December 2022 and bore interest at eight percent annually. Upon completion of the IPO, the notes automatically converted into shares of Common Stock. 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Bridge
Notes 

In
the fourth quarter of 2021 and until our IPO in the third quarter of 2022, the Company issued a total of million in Bridge Notes,
which were convertible into the Company s Common Stock, at the time of an IPO, or at the noteholder s option, at per
share, adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend, or other similar change in the Common Stock. The Bridge Notes bore interest
at and had a maturity date of . As a result, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock at a price
of per share. See Note 12 for additional disclosures related to warrants. Upon completion of the IPO, approximately million
of the notes automatically converted into shares of Common Stock. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company repaid for those
notes that were not converted at the time of the Company s IPO. 

Additionally,
each noteholder received a warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock based on the investor s bridge note principal balance
investment. The warrants have a five-year term at an exercise price equal to per share. In connection with the IPO, the Company
paid commissions of nine percent and issued its placement agents warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock. The warrants
issued to the Company s placement agents have substantially the same terms as the warrants issued to our noteholders. 

Unsecured convertible notes payable 

Principal amount of convertible notes payable 

Debt issuance costs 

Fair value adjustments on convertible notes payable 

Total convertible notes payable 

The
Company elected to account for the convertible notes payable at fair value with any changes in fair value being recognized through the
consolidated statements of operations until the convertible notes are settled. The fair value of the convertible notes was determined
with the assistance of a third-party specialist, considering the value of the notes payable that would be received by converting into
Common Stock in each scenario, plus a put option. 

and for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Legal
Matters 

From
time to time, the Company is involved in various disputes and litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. To date,
the Company had no material pending legal proceedings. 

of its Common Stock. All share and per share amounts have been adjusted
on a retroactive basis in these condensed consolidated financial statements to reflect the effect of the reverse stock split. The Company
made a cash payment to stockholders for all fractional shares that it would otherwise be required to issue as a result of the stock
split. In addition, the stock split resulted in the par value of the Company s Common Stock increasing to per share. 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Convertible
Preferred Stock 

The
Company has authorized a total of shares of per share par value preferred stock. In July 2017, the Company completed
a private placement of securities in which million shares of Series A preferred stock were sold, resulting in net proceeds of 
million. As part of the closing, the Company issued million shares in exchange for million of the Company s convertible
notes payable and related accrued interest. 

In
accordance with the Certificate of Designation of the Series A preferred stock, all of the shares of Series A preferred stock that were
issued and outstanding at the time of the IPO were automatically converted into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common
Stock at a 1-for-7 conversion rate (as adjusted for the ). The shares of Series A preferred stock that were
so converted ceased to be part of the Company s authorized stock and will never again be issued by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, preferred stock is outstanding. 

The
Company classifies convertible preferred stock outside of stockholders deficit because the shares contain deemed liquidation rights
that are a contingent redemption feature not solely within the control of the Company. The holders of the Series A preferred stock had
various rights, preferences, and privileges as follows: 

Voting
Rights 

. 

Dividends 

. 

Optional
Conversion Rights 

Each
share of Series A preferred stock was convertible, at the option of the holder, at any time after the date of issuance of such share
into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the Series A original issuance price
by the conversion price in effect at the time of conversion. As of December 31, 2021, each of the shares of Series A preferred
stock was convertible into one share of Common Stock. The respective applicable conversion prices for the Series A preferred stock were
subject to adjustment upon any future stock split, stock dividend, combination, reclassification, or similar event affecting the convertible
preferred stock or any series thereof. 

Mandatory
Conversion Rights 

Each
share of Series A preferred stock automatically converted into the number of shares of Common Stock determined in accordance with the
conversion rate upon the earlier of: (a) the closing of a public offering of Common Stock at a price of at least per share resulting
in at least of gross proceeds, or (b) written consent of a majority of the holders of the then-outstanding shares of Series
A preferred stock. 

Liquidation
Preference 

In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Series A preferred
stock were entitled to receive an amount equal to per share (subsequent to the reverse-stock-split calculation) plus an additional
amount equal to any dividends declared or accrued but unpaid on each share. If, upon such liquidation event, the assets and funds distributed
are insufficient to permit the payment to each holder of the Series A preferred stock of the full preferential amount, the entire assets
and funds legally available for distribution to the holders of Series A preferred stock would have been distributed ratably among the
holders of the Series A preferred stock based on the number of shares held. Deemed liquidation events include the sale of the Company
or grant of an unlimited exclusive license to the Company s technology or intellectual property rights. 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common
Stock 

The
Company has authorized a total of shares of per share par value Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are entitled
to cast one vote for each share held of record on all matters presented to the stockholders and have no cumulative voting rights. As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has issued shares of Common Stock. 

In
November 2021, the Company received shareholder approval to increase the number of authorized shares from to a total of 
shares of per share par value Common Stock. 

million shares of Common Stock, or twenty percent (20 of the
total issued and outstanding Common Stock, whichever is greater. The Company has reserved million shares to be under the plan. Options
may be granted to employees, the Company s board of directors, and external consultants who provide service to the Company. The
options have vesting schedules with terms of one to four years and become fully exercisable based on specific terms imposed at the date
of grant. The requisite service period for employees or consultants begins on the grant date and ends when the employee or consultant
ceases to be employed or providing service, unless a longer period is provided in the option agreement. The requisite service period
for directors begins on the grant date and ends on the option term provided in the option agreement. Options are exercisable for a period
of up to ten (10) years from grant date. The Plan will terminate according to the respective terms of the Plan in September 2026. 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued options to purchase shares of Common Stock to employees and non-employees.
The per share weighted-average fair value of the options granted during 2021 was estimated at on the date of grant. During the
year ended December 31, 2021, no options were exercised. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued restricted stock units (RSUs) for shares of Common Stock to employees. The
shares vest in equal monthly installments over terms of between one to three years, subject to the employee providing continuous service
through the vesting date. The approximately unissued shares vest over a weighted-average period of years. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued options to purchase shares of Common Stock to employees. The per share weighted-average
fair value of the options granted during 2022 was estimated at on the date of grant. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 
options were exercised into an equivalent number of common shares. The company received proceeds of approximately from the exercise
of the options. 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Volatility 

Expected term (years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Black-Scholes
requires the use of subjective assumptions which determine the fair value of stock-based awards. These assumptions include: 

Fair
value of Common Stock The fair value of stock option and restricted share grants are determined based on the closing price
of our stock on the date of grant. 

Expected
term The expected term represents the period that stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. The expected term for
option grants is determined using the simplified method. The simplified method deems the term to be the average of the time-to-vesting
and the contractual life of the stock-based awards. 

Expected
volatility Since the Company does not have sufficient trading history for its Common
Stock, the expected volatility is estimated based on the average volatility for comparable publicly traded biotechnology companies over
a period equal to the expected term of the stock-based awards. The comparable companies were chosen based on their similar size, stage
in the life cycle or area of specialty. The Company will continue to apply this process until a sufficient amount of historical information
regarding the volatility of its own stock price becomes available. 

Risk-free
interest rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues in effect at the time of grant for
periods corresponding with the expected term of a stock-based award. 

Expected
dividend The Company has never paid dividends on its Common Stock and has no plans to pay dividends on its Common Stock. Therefore,
the Company used an expected dividend yield of zero. 

Tradeable Warrants, each exercisable for the purchase of one
share of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, and Non-tradeable Warrants, each exercisable for the purchase
of one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The Common Stock and the Tradeable Warrants trade on The Nasdaq
Capital Market under the symbols BIAF and BIAFW, respectively. 

shares of Common Stock
at the Offering Price per Unit less , and/or up to Tradeable Warrants at per Tradeable Warrant, and/or up to 
Non-tradeable Warrants at per Non-tradeable Warrant, or any combination of additional shares of Common Stock, Tradeable Warrants,
and Non-tradeable Warrants representing in the aggregate up to 15 of the number of Units sold in the IPO (the Over-Allotment
Option ). The Over-Allotment Option was exercisable for a period of 45 days from the date of our Final Prospectus . The Underwriters
exercised a portion of their overallotment option and purchased Tradeable Warrants at a purchase price of per warrant,
and non-tradable warrants at a purchase price of per warrant. 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

In
2022, warrants were exercised into an equivalent number of Common Shares for proceeds of approximately million. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, warrants were exercised into an equivalent number of common shares. 

In
2022, the Company issued an additional equity-classified Common Stock warrants. Proceeds from the Bridge Notes were allocated
to the notes and warrants on a relative fair value basis resulting in a beneficial conversion feature BCF of million
and equal to the excess fair value of the Company s Common Stock over the effective conversion price of the Bridge Notes. The BCF
was recorded as a debt discount and is being amortized over the life of the Bridge Notes using the effective interest method. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized approximately million in interest expense related to the amortization of the
debt discount and issuance costs. 

From
October 2021 through August 2022, the Company issued approximately million in convertible promissory notes Bridge
Notes ), which accrued interest at a rate of per year. Originally, all principal and unpaid interest on the Bridge Notes
were due, if not settled prior, on May 31, 2022. See Note 8. Each Bridge Note was issued an accompanying warrant to purchase one share
of the Company s Common Stock for each conversion share based on the principal balance of each Bridge Note at an exercise price
equal to per share. 

In
2021, the Company issued an aggregate of equity-classified Common Stock warrants. Proceeds from the Bridge Notes were allocated
to the notes and warrants on a relative fair value basis resulting in a BCF of million and equal to the excess fair value of the
Company s Common Stock over the effective conversion price of the Bridge Notes. The BCF was recorded as a debt discount and was
being amortized over the life of the Bridge Notes using the effective interest method. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
recognized million in interest expense including the amortization of the debt discount. 

In
connection with the issuance of the Bridge Notes, the Company amended the 2018 and 2020 Notes whereby upon completion of an IPO, all
outstanding principal and interest will convert into shares of the Company s Common Stock and at per share. As an inducement
to amending the notes to extend the maturity dates until October 31, 2022, the Company issued Common Stock warrants with the
same terms and conditions as the warrants issued to the Bridge Note holders. The estimated fair value of the warrants was million
and immediately expensed within the accompanying statement of operations. 

Fair market closing price per share of Common Stock 

Volatility 
 - 

Expected term (years) 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 

Dividend yield 

In
March 2017, the Company issued an aggregate of Common Stock purchase warrants, which are classified as equity. The warrants were
issued with an exercise price of per share and expire on the tenth anniversary of the issuance date. 

million
of net operating loss carryforwards at December 31, 2022, of which approximately million
will begin expiring in 2034. The remaining balance of approximately million
will carry forward indefinitely. A 
valuation allowance has been provided for the deferred tax benefits resulting from the net operating loss carryover due to a lack of
earnings history. In addressing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not
that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is
dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences are deductible. The
valuation allowance increased by approximately million
and million
for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Significant components of deferred tax assets are as
follows: 

Stock compensation 

Capitalized R E costs 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other 

Tax credits 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Permanent differences 

Research and development credits 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

Unrecognized
tax benefits 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has unrecognized tax benefits related to tax credits of and ,
respectively. None of the unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate due
to the valuation allowance, and 
interest or penalties have been recognized. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of unrecognized tax benefits is as
follows: 

Deductions based on tax positions related to the prior year 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 

Ending balance 

The
Company is not under audit with any taxing jurisdiction at this time. The Company s tax returns for the previous three years remain
open for audit by the respective tax jurisdictions. 

million in notes payable to various investors, of which million
were sold to related parties. See Note 8, Convertible Notes Payable, for further information. From October 2020 through June 2021, the
Company issued a total of million in notes payable, including million to related parties. From June 2021 through September
2021, the Company issued a total of approximately million in additional notes payable, including million to related parties. 

All
of these notes bore interest at per annum. The unpaid principal and accrued interest under the notes may be converted into shares
of the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price of per share. The notes automatically converted into shares of the Company s
Common Stock upon the completion of our IPO. 

 In
August 2022, Maria Zannes, the founder, President, Chief Executive Officer, and a director of the Company, purchased a Bridge Note in
the principal amount of . Upon the IPO Closing, the Bridge Note automatically converted into shares of Common Stock. In
connection with her Bridge Note purchase, Ms. Zannes received a Bridge Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise
price of per share. 

 In
August 2022, Steven Girgenti, the Executive Chairman and a director of the Company, purchased a Bridge Note in the principal amount of
 . Upon the IPO closing, the Bridge Note automatically converted into shares of Common Stock. In connection with his Bridge
Note purchase, Mr. Girgenti received a Bridge Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. 

F- 19 

<EX-19.1>
 2
 ex19-1.htm

EXHIBIT
19.1 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Insider
Trading Policy 

 and
Guidelines with Respect to Certain Transactions in Company Securities 

 As
Adopted by the Board of Directors on July 12, 2022 

I. PURPOSE 

It
is illegal for any employee, officer or director of bioAffinity Technologies, Inc. or any subsidiary thereof (the Company to trade in the securities of the Company while in the possession of material nonpublic information about the Company. It is also illegal
for any employee, officer or director of the Company to give material nonpublic information to others who may trade on the basis of that
information. 

In
order to comply with U.S. securities laws governing (i) trading in Company securities while in the possession of material nonpublic information
concerning the Company and (ii) tipping or disclosing material nonpublic information to outsiders, and in order to prevent the appearance
of improper trading or tipping, the Company has adopted this policy for all of its employees, officers and directors. 

II. SCOPE 

A. This
 policy covers all employees, officers and directors of the Company. Employees, officers or
 directors are responsible for ensuring compliance by their immediate families and other members
 of their households. 

B. This
 policy applies to any and all transactions in the Company s securities, including its
 shares of common stock and options to purchase shares of common stock (as described in more
 detail in Section V.E below), and any other type of securities that the Company may issue,
 such as preferred shares, convertible debentures, warrants and exchange-traded options or
 other derivative securities. 

C. This
 policy will be delivered to all employees, officers or directors upon its adoption by the
 Company, and to all new employees, officers or directors at the start of their employment
 or relationship with the Company. Upon first receiving a copy of this policy or any revised
 versions, each employee, officer or director must sign a certification that he or she has
 received a copy and agrees to comply with the terms of this policy. This certification and
 agreement will constitute consent for the Company to impose sanctions for violation of this
 policy and to issue any necessary stop-transfer orders to the Company s transfer agent
 to enforce compliance with this policy. As discussed in Section VI.B, sanctions for individuals
 may include demotion or other disciplinary actions, up to and including termination of employment,
 if the Company has a reasonable basis to conclude that its policy has been violated. 

1 

D. This
 policy allows for trades by employees, officers and directors made in compliance with Rule
 10b5-1 Rule 10b5-1 promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), subject to the
 approval of the Insider Trading Compliance Officer (as defined in Section III below). 

E. The
 Company may change these procedures or adopt such other procedures in the future as the Company
 considers appropriate in order to carry out the purposes of its policy. 

III. INSIDER
 TRADING COMPLIANCE OFFICER 

The
Company has designated Timothy Zannes, the Company s Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel (or his successor
in that position), as its Insider Trading Compliance Officer (the Compliance Officer and in the event of the General Counsel s
unavailability, Maria Zannes, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer (or her successor in that position), shall be
authorized to serve as Compliance Officer in the interim. The duties of the Compliance Officer will include the following: 

A. Administering
 and interpreting this policy and monitoring and enforcing compliance with all policy provisions
 and procedures. 

B. Responding
 to all inquiries relating to this policy and its procedures. 

C. Designating
 and announcing special trading blackout periods during which no designated employees, officers
 or directors may trade in Company securities. 

D. Providing
 copies of this policy and other appropriate materials to all current and new employees, officers
 and employees, and such other persons who the Compliance Officer determines may have access
 to material nonpublic information concerning the Company. 

E. Administering,
 monitoring and enforcing compliance with all US insider trading laws and regulations, including
 without limitation the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
 the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ); and assisting
 in the preparation and filing of all required SEC reports relating to insider trading in
 Company securities. 

F. Revising
 the policy as necessary to reflect changes in insider trading laws and regulations. 

G. Maintaining
 as Company records originals or copies of all documents required by the provisions of this
 policy or the procedures set forth herein, and copies of all required SEC reports relating
 to insider trading. 

The
Compliance Officer may designate one or more individuals who may perform the Compliance Officer s duties in the event that the
Compliance Officer is unable or unavailable to perform such duties. 

2 

IV. DEFINITION
 OF MATERIAL NONPUBLIC INFORMATION 

A. MATERIAL 
 INFORMATION 

Information
about the Company is material if it would be expected to affect the investment or voting decisions of a reasonable shareholder
or investor, or if the disclosure of the information would be expected to alter significantly the total mix of the information in the
marketplace about the Company. In simple terms, material information is any type of information that could reasonably be expected to
affect the market price of the Company s securities. Both positive and negative information may be material. While it is not possible
to identify all information that would be deemed material, the following types of information ordinarily would be considered
material: 

i. Financial
 performance, especially quarterly and year-end earnings, and significant changes in financial
 performance or liquidity. 

ii. Potential
 material mergers and acquisitions or material sales of Company assets or subsidiaries. 

iii. Stock
 splits, public or private securities/debt offerings, or changes in Company dividend policies
 or amounts. 

iv. Significant
 changes in senior management. 

v. New
 major contracts or customers, or the loss of a major customer. 

vi. Initiation
 of a significant lawsuit. 

B. NONPUBLIC 
 INFORMATION 

Material
information is nonpublic if it has not been widely disseminated to the public, for example, through major newswire services,
national news services, Web casts or financial news services. For the purposes of this policy, information will be considered public,
i.e., no longer nonpublic, at the opening of trading on the third full trading day following the Company s widespread
public release of the information. 

C. CONSULT
 THE COMPLIANCE OFFICER FOR GUIDANCE 

Employees,
officers or directors who are unsure whether the information that they possess is material or nonpublic must consult the Compliance Officer
for guidance before trading in any Company securities. 

V. STATEMENT
 OF COMPANY POLICY AND PROCEDURES 

A. PROHIBITED
 ACTIVITIES 

i. No
 employee, officer or director may trade in Company securities while possessing material nonpublic
 information concerning the Company (except as permitted by Section V.C). It does not matter
 that there is an independent, justifiable reason for a purchase or sale, if the employee,
 officer or director has material nonpublic information, the prohibition still applies. 

ii. No
 employee, officer or director may trade in Company securities outside of the applicable trading
 windows described in Section V.B below and no employee, officer or director may trade
 in the Company securities during any special trading blackout periods designated by the Compliance
 Officer that are applicable to such employee, officer or director (except as permitted by
 Section V.C). 

3 

iii. The
 Compliance Officer may not trade in Company securities unless the trade has been approved
 by the Company s General Counsel in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section
 V.D below (except as permitted by Section V.C). 

iv. No
 employee, officer or director may disclose material nonpublic information concerning the
 Company to any outside person (including family members, analysts, individual investors and
 members of the investment community and news media), unless required as part of the regular
 duties of such employee, director or officer for the Company or authorized by the Compliance
 Officer. In any instance in which such information is disclosed to outsiders, the Company
 will take such steps as are necessary to preserve the confidentiality of the information,
 including requiring the outsider to agree in writing to comply with the terms of this policy
 and/or to sign a confidentiality agreement. All inquiries from outsiders regarding material
 nonpublic information about the Company must be forwarded to the Compliance Officer. 

v. No
 employee, officer or director may give trading advice of any kind about the Company to anyone
 while possessing material nonpublic information about the Company, except that employees,
 officers or directors should advise others not to trade if doing so might violate the law
 or this policy. The Company strongly discourages all employees, officers or directors from
 giving trading advice concerning the Company to third parties even when the directors, officers
 and employees do not possess material nonpublic information about the Company. 

vi. No
 employee, officer or director may trade in any interest or position relating to the future
 price of Company securities, such as a put, call or short sale (including a short sale against
 the box ). 

vii. Except
 as permitted by Section V.C, no employee, officer or director may give or make any other
 transfer of securities without consideration during a period when that employee, officer
 or director is not permitted to trade. 

viii. No
 director, officer or employee may participate, in any manner other than passive observation,
 in any of the investment or stock-related Internet chat rooms or message boards
 relating to the Company. 

ix. No
 employee, officer or director may (a) trade in the securities of any other public company
 while possessing material nonpublic information concerning that company obtained in the course
 of service as an employee, officer or director, (b) tip or disclose such material
 nonpublic information concerning any other public company to anyone, or (c) give trading
 advice of any kind to anyone concerning any other public company while possessing such material
 nonpublic information about that company. 

B. TRADING
 WINDOWS AND BLACKOUT PERIODS 

i. Trading
 Windows for Employees . Employees may trade in Company securities only during the period
 beginning at the opening of trading on the third full trading day following the Company s
 widespread public release of quarterly or year-end operating results, and ending at the close
 of trading two weeks before the end of the then-current quarter, as long as they are not
 in possession of material nonpublic information or subject to any special trade blackout. 

4 

ii. No
 Trading Even During Trading Windows While in the Possession of Material Nonpublic Information .
 No employee, officer or director possessing material nonpublic information concerning the
 Company may trade in Company securities even during applicable trading windows. Persons possessing
 such information may trade during a trading window only after the opening of trading on the
 third full trading day following the Company s widespread public release of the information. 

iii. No
 Trading During Blackout Periods . No director, officer or employee may trade in Company
 securities outside of the applicable trading windows or during any special blackout periods
 that the Compliance Officer may designate. No director, officer or employee may disclose
 to any outside third party that a special blackout period has been designated. 

C. EXCEPTION
 FOR TRANSFERS PURSUANT TO RULE 10b5-1 

The
restrictions outlined in Sections V.A. i, ii, iii, iv and viii and V.B shall not prohibit transfers of Company securities made pursuant
to a written contract, letter of instruction or plan that (a) complies with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 (a Rule 10b5-1 Plan ),
(b) has been approved by the Compliance Officer in advance of the first trade thereunder and (c) with respect to which the Company s
Compliance Officer has received the certification referred to in Section V.D.3. No such approval by the Compliance Officer shall be considered
the Compliance Officer s or the Company s approval that the Rule 10b5-1 Plan satisfies the requirements of Rule 10b5-1. It
shall be the sole responsibility of the person establishing the Rule 10b5-1 Plan to ensure that such plan complies with the requirements
of Rule 10b5-1. 

D. PROCEDURES
 FOR APPROVING TRADES UNDER RULE 10B5-1 PLANS. 

No
trades shall be treated as having been made pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 Plan under this policy unless: 

i. The
 Rule 10b5-1 Plan complies with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1; 

ii. The
 Compliance Officer has approved the Rule 10b5-1 Plan, and has certified such approval in
 writing at least one month in advance of the first trade thereunder; and 

iii. The
 person establishing the Rule 10b5-1 Plan has certified to the Compliance Officer in writing
 no earlier than two business days prior to the date that the Rule 10b5-1 Plan is formally
 established, that: (a) Such person is not in possession of material nonpublic information
 concerning the Company and all such trades to be made pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 Plan will be
 made in accordance with the Exchange Act and the Securities Act; and (b) The Rule 10b5-1
 Plan complies with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1. The existence of the foregoing approval
 procedures does not in any way obligate the Compliance Officer to approve any Rule 10b5-1
 Plan. The Compliance Officer may reject any trading requests or Rule 10b5-1 Plans at his
 or her sole reasonable discretion. 

5 

E. 
 STOCK
OPTION PLANS 

The
trading prohibitions and restrictions of this policy apply to all sales of securities acquired through the exercise of stock options
granted by the Company, but not to the acquisition of securities through such exercises. 

F. PRIORITY
 OF STATUTORY OR REGULATORY TRADING RESTRICTIONS 

The
trading prohibitions and restrictions set forth in this policy will be superseded by any greater prohibitions or restrictions prescribed
by securities laws and regulations. 

VI. POTENTIAL
 CIVIL, CRIMINAL AND DISCIPLINARY SANCTIONS 

A. CIVIL
 AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES 

The
consequences of prohibited insider trading or tipping can be severe. Persons violating insider trading or tipping rules may be required
to pay over to the Company the profit made or the loss avoided by trading, pay the loss suffered by the persons who purchased securities
from or sold securities to the insider tippee, pay civil penalties up to three times the profit made or loss avoided, pay a criminal
penalty of up to 1 million and serve a jail term of up to 10 years. The Company and/or the supervisors of the person violating the rules
may also be required to pay major civil or criminal penalties and could under certain circumstances be subject to private lawsuits by
contemporaneous traders for damages suffered as a result of illegal insider trading or tipping by persons under the Company s control. 

B. COMPANY
 DISCIPLINE 

Violation
of this policy or federal or state insider trading or tipping laws by any employee, officer or director may subject a director to dismissal
proceedings and an officer or employee to disciplinary action by the Company up to and including termination for cause. A violation of
the Company s policy is not necessarily the same as a violation of law. In fact, for the reasons indicated above, the Company s
policy is intended to be broader than the law. The Company reserves the right to determine, in its own discretion and on the basis of
the information available to it, whether its policy has been violated. The Company may determine that specific conduct violates its policy,
whether or not the conduct also violates the law. It is not necessary for the Company to await the filing or conclusion of a civil or
criminal action against the alleged violator before taking disciplinary action. 

C. REPORTING
 OF VIOLATIONS 

Any
employee, officer or director who violates this policy or any federal or state laws governing insider trading or tipping, or knows of
any such violation by any other employee, officer or director, must report the violation immediately to the Compliance Officer. Upon
learning of any such violation, the Compliance Officer, in consultation with the Company s legal counsel, will determine whether
the Company should release any material nonpublic information, or whether the Company should report the violation to the SEC or other
appropriate governmental authority. 

VII. INQUIRIES 

Please
direct all inquiries regarding any of the provisions or procedures of this policy to the Compliance Officer. 

6 

bioAffinity
Technologies, Inc. 

 Insider
Trading Policy 

Acknowledgement 

I
have read the procedures outlined in this policy. I understand that while this is not an employment contract I am bound to abide by the
policies set herein. I further understand that bioAffinity Technologies may modify, revise and update policy at any time. I am also aware
that this updating may include additions or deletions. I also certify that I have had ample time to discuss this policy and its contents
with a bioAffinity Technologies representative, and I fully understand the contents. 

Employee
 signature 

Employee
 name 

Date

bioAffinity
Technologies reserves the right to make changes to this policy for the purpose of modifying, revising and updating Company policy. Notice
of changes will be provided to the employee electronically and become a part of this policy. Violation of any Company policy may result
in immediate termination. 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification 

 For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

I,
Maria Zannes, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of bioAffinity Technologies, Inc. registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 [intentionally
 omitted]; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Maria Zannes 

Maria
 Zannes 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification 

 For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

I,
Michael Edwards, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of bioAffinity Technologies, Inc. registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 [intentionally
 omitted]; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Michael Edwards 

Michael
 Edwards 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
Pursuant to 

 18
U.S.C. Section 1350 

 As
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-K of bioAffinity Technologies, Inc., a Delaware Corporation Company ),
for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof Report ),
each of the undersigned officers of the Company hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of such officer s knowledge: 

1) 
 the
 Report complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the last date of the period covered by the Report). 

/s/
 Maria Zannes 

Maria
 Zannes 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Michael Edwards 

Michael
 Edwards 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 biaf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 biaf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 biaf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 biaf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

