<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_1476840_0001476840-23-000032.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11275974</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>519053</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2076110</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3443826</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2729022</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2337680</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001476840-23-000032.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308171021
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001476840-23-000032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Expensify, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001476840
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				270239450
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41043
		FILM NUMBER:		23717002

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 SW 5TH AVENUE
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(520) 271-0858

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 SW 5TH AVENUE
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001476840-23-000032.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 exfy-20221231.htm
 10-K

exfy-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12( g of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently 

completed second fiscal quarter, computed based on the closing sale price of the Class A Common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on such date. 
 As of March 3, 2023, there were approximately shares of the registrant's Class A common stock outstanding, shares of the registrant's LT10 common stock outstanding, and shares of the registrant's LT50 common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 64 
 Item 2. Properties 
 64 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 65 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 65 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 66 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 67 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 68 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 87 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 88 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 149 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 149 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 150 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 150 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 151 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 152 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 152 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 152 
 Item 14 Principal Account ant Fees and Services 
 152 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 153 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 155 
 Signatures 
 156 

1 

Table of Contents 

 Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our strategy, future financial condition, future operations, projected costs, prospects, plans, objectives of management and expected market growth, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as may, will, shall, should, expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, goal, objective, seeks, or continue or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. There are a number of risks, uncertainties, and other important factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, among others: 
 the impact of inflation on us and our members; 
 our borrowing costs have and may continue to increase as a result of increases in interest rates; 
 our expectations regarding our financial performance and future operating performance; 
 our ability to attract and retain members, expand usage of our platform, sell subscriptions to our platform and convert individuals and organizations into paying customers; 
 the timing and success of new features, integrations, capabilities and enhancements by us, or by competitors to their products, or any other changes in the competitive landscape of our market; 
 the amount and timing of operating expenses and capital expenditures that we may incur to maintain and expand our business and operations to remain competitive; 
 the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents and investments to meet our liquidity needs; 
 our ability to make required payments under and to comply with the various requirements of our current and future indebtedness; 
 our cash flows, the prevailing stock prices, general economic and market conditions and other considerations that could affect the specific timing, price and size of repurchases under our stock repurchase program or our ability to fund any stock repurchases; 
 the war in Ukraine and escalating geopolitical tensions as a result of Russia's invasion of Ukraine; 
 our ability to effectively manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 the increased expenses associated with being a public company; 
 the size of our addressable markets, market share and market trends; 
 anticipated trends, developments and challenges in our industry, business and the highly competitive markets in which we operate; 
 our expectations regarding our income tax liabilities and the adequacy of our reserves; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth and expand our infrastructure and maintain our corporate culture; 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to identify, recruit and retain skilled personnel, including key members of senior management; 
 the safety, affordability and convenience of our platform and our offerings; 
 our ability to successfully defend litigation brought against us; 
 our ability to successfully identify, manage and integrate any existing and potential acquisitions of businesses, talent, technologies or intellectual property; 
 general economic conditions in either domestic or international markets, including geopolitical uncertainty and instability; 
 our protections against security breaches, technical difficulties, or interruptions to our platform; and 
 our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property. 
 We caution you that the foregoing list does not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance, or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur at all. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments we may make. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this document to Expensify, the Company, we, us, our or similar references are to Expensify, Inc. Capitalized terms used and not defined above are defined elsewhere within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Factor Summary 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties of which you should be aware. These risks are more fully described in the section titled Risk Factors. These risks include, among others, the following: 
 Our quarterly and annual results of operations have fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate significantly in the future and may not meet our expectations or those of investors or securities analysts. 
 We experienced rapid growth in recent periods prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, and those growth rates may not be indicative of our future growth, and we may not be able to maintain profitability. 
 Our expense management feature drives the majority of our subscriptions, and any failure of this feature to satisfy customer demands or to achieve increased market acceptance could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 If we fail to adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and changing customer needs or preferences, our platform may become less competitive. 
 If we are unable to attract new customers on a cost-effective basis, convert individuals and organizations using our free basic expense management feature and trial subscriptions into paying customers, retain existing customers and expand usage within organizations, our revenue growth will be harmed. 
 We may fail to accurately predict the optimal pricing strategies necessary to attract new customers, retain existing customers and respond to changing market conditions. 
 We may not successfully develop or introduce new features, enhancements, integrations, capabilities and versions of our existing features that achieve market acceptance, and our business could be harmed and our revenue could suffer as a result. 
 We face significant competition, the market in which we operate is rapidly evolving, and if we do not compete effectively, our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has materially adversely affected, and may continue to materially adversely affect, our business and our ability to grow. Whether or not a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any other similar event, a sustained general economic downturn, an uneven recovery, or continued instability could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 The estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth included in this prospectus may prove to be inaccurate. Even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 The success of our business largely depends on our senior management team, and we depend on professional services firms for a significant portion of our finance function. The loss of any key employees or our outsourced finance team could adversely affect our business. 
 We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our common stock and could diminish our cash reserves. 
 Our failure to protect our sites, networks and systems against security breaches, or otherwise to protect our confidential information or the confidential information of our members, 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 customers, or other third parties, would damage our reputation and brand, and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 Our business depends on a strong brand, and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to expand our base of customers may be impaired, and our business and results of operations will be harmed. 
 Our culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the high employee engagement fostered by our culture, which could harm our business. 
 We may be adversely affected by global economic and political instability, including the war in Ukraine and the resulting escalating geopolitical tensions. 
 Sales to customers outside of the United States and our international operations expose us to risks inherent in international sales and operations. 
 We receive, process, store and use business and personal information, which subjects us to governmental regulation and other legal obligations related to data protection and security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business and expose us to liability. 
 If we fail to manage our technical operations infrastructure, or experience service outages, interruptions, or delays in the deployment of our platform, our results of operations may be harmed. 
 We no longer qualify as an "emerging growth company," meaning we will be required to comply with certain provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act"). As a result, we can no longer take advantage of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies. 
 The multiple class structure of our common stock and the ownership of substantially all of our LT10 and LT50 common stock by holders through a trust agreement (the "Voting Trust") have the effect of concentrating voting control with the Voting Trust for the foreseeable future, which will limit your ability to influence corporate matters, including a change in control. We are controlled by the Voting Trust, whose interests may differ from those of our public stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also delegates significant authority to our Executive Committee of our Board of Directors (the "Executive Committee"). 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Part I. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 OVERVIEW 
 Expensify is a leading cloud-based expense management software platform that helps the smallest to the largest businesses simplify the way they manage money. Every day, people from all walks of life in organizations around the world use Expensify to scan and reimburse receipts from flights, hotels, coffee shops, office supplies and ride shares. Since our founding in 2008, we have added over 12 million members to our community, and processed and automated over 1.4 billion expense transactions on our platform as of December 31, 2022, freeing people to spend less time managing expenses and more time doing the things they love. For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, an average of 779,000 paid members across 53,000 companies and over 200 countries and territories used Expensify to make money easy. 
 Small and medium businesses SMBs are the cornerstone of the global economy, making up almost all businesses and the majority of employment in Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") member countries. Despite their significance to the global economy, the vast majority of SMBs still rely on manual, inefficient processes to manage the critical back office functions that power their businesses every day. Expense management, which refers to the collection, processing, auditing and reimbursement of employee expenses, is one of the last great holdouts of paper-based back office processes, with employees stuffing actual physical receipts into an envelope and handing it to their accountant. As SMBs seek to modernize back office functions like expense management to better compete in today s digital economy, we believe they will look for comprehensive technologies that are easy to discover, implement, purchase, manage and use. At the same time, individual employees are becoming a powerful source of change as they increasingly expect to bring their own choice of technology into the workplace. 
 Since the beginning of Expensify, our guiding principle has been improving the experience of the actual end users of expense management software: everyday employees. We designed Expensify to be easy to set up, integrate, configure and use from almost any device, which has enabled us to serve employees of all types and organizations of all sizes, industries and geographies. Our first breakthrough was revolutionizing receipt tracking with our patented scanning technology, SmartScan, which allows anyone to simply take a photo of any receipt no matter the currency or quality of handwriting for fast, automatic and accurate transcription of a receipt with just one tap. After removing the need for people to keep a pocket full of crumbled receipts and spend hours manually tracking expenses, we moved on to automating the entire expense journey, from the initial receipt scan all the way through to categorization, expense approval, reconciliation and next-day reimbursement. Since then, we have expanded our platform to include features that help businesses manage corporate credit cards, generate and send invoices, pay bills and book travel, all from our single, easy-to-use mobile application. We intend to continue adding complementary features to retain and add value to existing customers and attract new members. 
 Our intense focus on improving the everyday experience of regular employees with an easy-to-use but powerful platform has enabled a viral, bottom-up business model that is capital efficient and extremely scalable. By allowing people to spend less time managing receipts and more time pursuing their real goals, our members have adopted, championed and spread Expensify to their colleagues, managers and friends. We believe our happy members are the best form of marketing, and our self-service, bottom-up approach takes advantage of strong, organic word-of-mouth adoption. 
 Behind our platform is a company with passionate people and a unique culture that guides everything we do. Our company operates with a flat, generalist organizational structure united by a robust set of common values that foster the long-term happiness and retention of our employees. The efficiency of 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 our business model allows us to prioritize attracting, retaining and inspiring talented, ambitious and humble people committed to a long-term vision. We are a team that likes to solve real problems, and though expense reports are problematic for most people, there are other pressing problems facing our world that we want to also help solve. 
 OUR INDUSTRY 
 Given their size, SMBs typically have one person overseeing the discovery and implementation of new systems, a responsibility that is often in addition to their core job function. As a result, SMBs have specific requirements when adopting new technologies: 
 Easy to discover. With job responsibilities spanning multiple functions, SMBs do not have the bandwidth and expertise to discover, meet with and evaluate several technology vendors. As such, SMBs increasingly rely on online channels for finding new technologies and heavily consider recommendations from experts, friends and colleagues. 
 Easy to implement. IT departments within SMBs are often one person or the business owner themselves, and are incapable of taking time away from their business to support cumbersome implementation, maintenance and training requirements. As a result, SMBs prefer solutions that are easy to implement, onboard and integrate and that require little ongoing maintenance. 
 Easy to purchase. With no procurement department and limited resources, the individuals making the purchasing decision at SMBs often prefer vendors with transparent, self-service monthly subscription plans that can be paid by credit card. 
 Easy to manage. Unlike large enterprises, which often require multiple, customized point solutions for specialized business processes, SMBs prefer a single, comprehensive platform from one provider that can solve multiple pain points. 
 Easy to use. Many SMBs prioritize ease of use and convenience over cost and seek solutions with elegant, intuitive user experiences that require no training or expertise to operate. 
 In short, SMBs look for easy money management. 
 OUR APPROACH 
 Since our founding, we have taken a unique approach to expense management built on key, complementary elements: 
 Platform strategy hyper-focused on the employee. We designed Expensify to be easily configured and used by every single employee within an organization, not just decision makers or managers. Expensify is a highly integrated mobile platform with many features designed to make our members lives easier, simple enough for freelancers and small businesses, and powerful enough for large enterprises with tens of thousands of employees. Our product development is compounding and driven by member feedback, with every new feature making every past feature a little bit better, as well as methodically laying a strategic foundation for features yet to come. 
 Viral, bottom-up business model driven by the employee. Our employee-focused platform strategy enables a viral, bottom-up adoption cycle that starts with an individual employee. After signing up for free on the website or downloading our free app to submit expenses and realizing the benefits of using Expensify, our enthusiastic members champion our platform internally, spreading it via word-of-mouth to other employees and convincing decision makers to adopt Expensify company-wide. This enables us to focus our time and resources on making our features better for our members, and avoid the reliance on a costly, traditional top-down sales and marketing approach to attract and retain customers. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Word-of-mouth adoption supported by a market consensus approach. We believe that our happy members are the best form of marketing. We strive to build a superior platform that makes the lives of employees and admins easier so that they become our champions and promote us to other individuals and organizations. We deploy large scale brand advertising to build on this platform superiority and help create market consensus that Expensify is the category leader for expense management software. We believe this enables us to focus on creating great features for our members rather than rely on the expensive and ineffective activities of traditional sales and marketing to drive customer acquisition. 
 Unique company culture and long-term vision. Our platform strategy and business model are complemented by our unique company culture and intense focus on the long-term happiness of our employees. Our organization is flat, generalist, transparent and inclusive, and we value ideas from every corner of our company, no matter who or where it comes from. We believe our special culture and the long-term commitment from our employees are key drivers to our success. 
 We believe that these elements of our approach are hard to replicate, self-reinforcing and work together to drive a powerful competitive advantage. 
 Our Platform Strategy 
 Expensify is a leading cloud-based expense management software platform that allows any business to simplify how it manages expenses. We built our platform to be intuitive and easy to deploy, with powerful features that increase our network effect within and between companies. This helps us reach more potential members and expand our value by solving more pain points for our customers. While our core features enable businesses to easily manage expenses, our platform includes features for managing corporate cards, paying bills, generating invoices, collecting payments and booking travel. Our platform strategy centers around the following key concepts: 
 Built for everyone. We designed our platform to be used by everyone in an organization, from employees to managers to the finance department. We offer an intuitive, elegant user interface that everyday employees can easily understand and operate from almost any device. We deliver guided workflows for administrators to accurately and quickly approve expenses in accordance with their unique company policies. Our platform is simple enough for SMBs, but powerful features can be enabled for use across enterprises with tens of thousands of employees. We believe that the more intuitive and simple Expensify is, the more employees and administrators will want to use it. 
 Easy to set up. We designed our platform to be easily implemented and configured without the need to speak with a sales person. Any employee can download our free application from mobile app stores or sign up on the website, create an account and start submitting expenses within minutes. When an expense report is submitted, the manager who receives it also automatically becomes a member. Concierge, our proprietary AI-powered customer support engine, helps new members set up an account, connect teammates, assign company policies and immediately sync Expensify with existing accounting, HR and travel systems. We believe that by making our platform easily accessible, simple to set up and easily configurable attracts more members to download and try Expensify. 
 Designed to improve experiences for all members. We designed our platform to leverage leading technology, such as our patented SmartScan and our proprietary AI-powered customer support engine, Concierge, to automate and reduce errors from the cumbersome, manual tasks associated with managing expenses. By doing so, we give employees, contractors and administrators in businesses of all shapes and sizes more time to spend on things they care about, leading to improved costs, enhanced productivity and higher job satisfaction. We believe that always having the pain points of our members at the center of every technology decision 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 and feature we develop enables us to consistently deliver an improved experience for every employee in an organization. 
 One platform, many features. Expensify is one platform, with one price that unlocks access to every feature on the platform, from expense management to bill payment. Our features are just different configurations of the same underlying tool, and are not different products in some kind of combined suite. We develop our features in a compounding manner, which means that everything we build improves everything we've already built, and lays a foundation for what we will build next. This enables increasingly rapid deployment of new features that solve other problems for our members and allows us to extend the network effect of our platform. 
 Highly integrated. We designed our platform to easily integrate with other business and consumer applications. We offer over 40 pre-built integrations, allowing Expensify to seamlessly connect with HR, payroll and accounting systems, travel management software, business and employee bank accounts and credit cards. These integrations enable our members to synchronize data in real-time across their technology ecosystem and automate expense management with the applications and tools they use every day. 
 We believe that elements of our platform strategy are a critical driver of the viral, widespread adoption of Expensify across and between any type of organization. 
 Our Business Model 
 Our platform strategy enables a viral bottom-up business model that is capital efficient and extremely scalable. Anyone can easily download our mobile application or go to our website to sign up for free on their own, and later upgrade to a paid subscription for advanced features. The adoption of Expensify within an organization often starts with the individual employee, who downloads our mobile application or signs up on our website for free and uses it to easily submit expenses to their manager with a few taps. After the employee realizes the benefits of our platform, they become a champion of Expensify and often spread it internally to other employees. With multiple employees using Expensify and valuable features simplifying the manager s job, the decision maker purchases a subscription to Expensify and becomes a paying customer with a few members. Our usage within an organization expands further as the company adds members and adopts new features such as the Expensify Card or Bill Pay. 
 We offer simple, transparent and flexible subscription plans for both individuals and businesses that are completely self-service and payable by credit card. Rather than the traditional software sales model of complex pricing, user thresholds and inconsistent fees, we designed our pricing plans to facilitate the easy adoption of our platform by the smallest mom-and-pop stores to the largest and most complex organizations. Purchasers can select a transparent plan with features that best suit their specific needs, all without interacting with a sales representative or paying hidden costs for implementation, maintenance, or support. 
 Our individual subscriptions include our Track and Submit plans, which include an optional paid monthly upgrade for anyone wishing to SmartScan more than 25 receipts in a given month: 
 Free Plans (Optional upgrade for unlimited SmartScan) 
 Track. Our free Track plan comes with our SmartScan receipt scanning functionality and is used primarily by individuals and sole proprietors to streamline their receipt and mileage tracking. 
 Submit. Our free Submit plan includes the same functionality in Track, and also adds the ability to automatically submit expense reports to anyone for reimbursement. 
 Our business subscriptions can be used by teams, organizations, and companies for free or upgraded to one of our paid plans, which include our Collect and Control plans, following a free trial. We bill 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 customers on Collect and Control plans at the start of each month based on the number of policy members who were active in the previous month. Each customer has either a "pay per use" plan in which they are billed a flat rate or each active member, or an "annual" plan where they commit to a minimum number of monthly seats in exchange for a discount. Collect and Control customers can access additional discounts if they spend on the Expensify Card: 
 Free Plans 
 Free. Our Free plan enables our members to roll out a corporate card program with the Expensify Card, reimburse cash expenses for employees, send invoices to clients and set up bill payment for their team. 
 Paid Plans 
 Collect. Our Collect plan enables our members to integrate with popular small business accounting systems, configure simple expense report approval workflows, as well as pay employees, contractors and volunteers via Direct Deposit ACH. 
 Control. Our Control plan, which is by far our most popular plan, includes everything in Collect and adds the ability to configure rules-based approval workflows and integrate with financial, travel, HR, as well as other internal systems commonly used by mid-market and enterprise companies. 
 We also leverage partnerships with accounting and bookkeeping firms, who provide validation of our platform and refer customers to us. We partner with strategic accounting software partners such as Intuit, NetSuite, Xero and Sage Intacct to integrate our software in their clients back offices, and recognize us as a top expense tool when their clients are browsing and selecting integrated solutions. Additionally, our ExpensifyApproved! Partner Program trains and supports accountants to use our platform and encourages their customers to use Expensify. We work hard to maintain top expense partner status with all partners to support our market consensus strategy. 
 Our Growth Strategies 
 We intend to drive the growth of our business by executing on the following strategies: 
 Build new features that create additional value for existing members. Our word-of-mouth model works well because people genuinely enjoy using Expensify. We intend to continue to invest in building features that increase the value our software delivers to our existing members. Our flat, generalist and democratic structure cultivates a diversity of ideas from every single one of our employees, which enables an efficient, scalable and rigorous product development process. By efficiently investing in new features that prioritize the needs of our members, we can continue to retain existing members and attract new members via word-of-mouth; 
 Build new features that attract new members beyond employees who submit expenses. We have and will continue to invest in developing features complementary and adjacent to expense management. At most companies, not every employee generates expenses that would be submitted via an expense report. As we add additional features that can be used by all employees rather than just those that submit expense reports, we have the potential to monetize the segment of our customers employees that are not submitting expense reports on a monthly basis, and increase revenue without adding more customers or raising prices. These features will enable easy financial collaboration within communities and between friends and family; 
 Build viral loops into our member experience that increase adoption by new customers. We design our expense management platform and every new feature with the aim of frictionless adoption. Individual employees download the Expensify mobile app or sign up on 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 our website, for free, and use it to submit their expenses to their bosses turning every expense report into a highly targeted marketing message, straight to a decision maker. Outside of expense management, we have expanded our platform and built invoicing and bill payment features with the goal of replicating the frictionless adoption of our expense management feature. By sending an invoice using Expensify, accounts receivable departments naturally promote Expensify to their clients. A company that adopts Expensify bill payment tacitly promotes Expensify to all of their vendors: any one vendor that sends a manual invoice receives an email notifying them that their invoice was converted into an Expensify invoice, and they should sign in to collect payment online. We will continue to focus on maintaining and extending the virality of our features to support our viral, bottom-up business model; 
 Expand and monetize transaction volume from existing and new customers. We fully launched the Expensify Card in 2020 and, despite pullback in corporate expenses with the COVID-19 pandemic, customers began adopting the card. Since then, its adoption has grown, especially as business travel resumed following challenges caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Going forward, we intend to increase the promotion of the Expensify Card to both new and existing customers to drive growth in adoption; 
 Promote Expensify s culture and values. We believe that consumers are more likely to both use and recommend products from brands they admire. By consistently acting on and vocally promoting our values, we have the ability to both drive positive change and create brand awareness that can add to the virality of our platform. Our culture and values, including our adherence to Environmental, Social, and Governance ("ESG") principles, will be shared in our company code of ethics and conduct and in future sustainability reporting; 
 Continue to strengthen our market consensus. We have worked hard to establish and maintain Expensify as the dominant expense management platform for SMBs. We leverage a variety of targeted marketing strategies that involve industry conferences, industry influencers, partner marketing, our own conference and more to achieve market consensus that Expensify is the premier, industry standard expense management platform. This is essential to our viral and word-of-mouth business model. We plan to reinforce the market consensus surrounding our platform, as well as expand on these strategies across new feature verticals and markets; 
 Create physical spaces to attract new members and promote our brand. We are transitioning certain of our office spaces into co-working spaces, which we call lounges. These spaces are uniquely designed to be extensions of our culture and brand, and we intend to open these spaces to certain members in addition to Expensify employees. These spaces are designed to showcase how we work and have built our company, which we hope will encourage current members to adopt our culture for their companies and invite their friends to join, adding new members; 
 Expand integrations and strengthen partnerships. Expense management touches many functions across a company. To provide a seamless experience for our customers, we integrate with the accounting, ERP and travel software used by SMBs and their employees every day. We also have frictionless integrations with many of the technology providers that generate the most receipts for our members, such as Uber and Lyft. Through our ExpensifyApproved! Partner Program, we train and support accountants who then encourage their customers to use Expensify. We intend to continue to invest in both integrations and partnerships as they are critical to delivering best-in-class user experiences and ensuring that Expensify is deeply embedded within our customer base; and 
 Expand internationally. We see significant opportunity to acquire new customers internationally. Because word-of-mouth drives significant adoption, we have experienced member growth outside of our core geographies without investment in marketing or regional sales forces. We have the opportunity to accelerate international growth by investing in 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 marketing, developing a localized platform experience and expanding international partnership and integrations. 
 We believe that the combination of the strength of our platform, our scalable business model and our special company culture has us well-positioned to achieve these growth strategies. 
 Our Platform 
 Expensify makes money easy for SMBs by enabling them to collaborate and complete financial tasks more efficiently. Our AI-driven, mobile-first, cloud-based platform offers a best-in-class experience for companies looking to modernize their financial processes away from paper and excel spreadsheets for the first time. 
 We define preaccounting as the systemized set of processes through which employees, or non-accountants, gather, code, aggregate and normalize financial data. While other financial processes have seen vast efficiency improvements with the widespread adoption of cloud-based ecosystems, company-focused preaccounting tasks such as expense management have largely remained unchanged, and therefore are still overwhelmingly inefficient, unscalable and time-consuming. Our comprehensive financial platform offers a wide range of easy-to-use but powerful features that automate the preaccounting processes for businesses of all sizes including managing expenses, capturing and managing spend via the Expensify Card and more recently, paying bills and sending invoices, all included in the Expensify platform. 
 Expense Management 
 Expenses are among the most complicated preaccounting workflow, no matter the size of a company. Expenses touch every employee, span every layer of the organization and require interaction with a host of internal and external business systems. While the expense management process is incredibly complex, it largely occurs in three distinct, sequential phases: Capture > Approve > Pay. 
 CAPTURE 
 Most of today s financial data still exists on paper. Expensify streamlines the capture and normalization of disparate financial data in the following ways: 
 SmartScan. Snap a photo of your receipt, forward receipts from email, or upload attachments directly in the application. SmartScan optimizes for high-accuracy data extraction to support our fire and forget receipt capture. 
 Credit card matching. Receipts and emails are automatically matched to incoming credit card transactions in real-time, preventing duplicates and reducing the need to manually reconcile credit card statements at month end. 
 Mobile expense capture. With mobile apps for Android and iOS, it s possible to capture receipts, mileage expenses and per diems while in the office or anywhere else in the world online or offline. In addition, members can automatically import receipts from their favorite travel tools, including Uber, Lyft, Grab, Hotel Tonight, among others. 
 APPROVE 
 Once financial transactions are captured, we deliver AI-driven insights into the nature of company spend, as well as adherence to company-specific rules and guidelines. Expensify s robust approval functionality can be scaled up and down in the following ways: 
 Multi-level approval workflows. Customizable approval workflows help companies of all sizes tailor their approval hierarchies, route specific expenses to budget or project owners and 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 approve expenses through an intuitive Guided Review that highlights specific items requiring review. 
 Intelligent auditing. Process data automatically or configure which types of transactions require review. Expensify detects receipt duplicates by default and automatically verifies that any manually-entered expenses match attached receipts. 
 Powerful integrations. Connect directly with leading cloud accounting and finance platforms such as QuickBooks, Xero, Oracle NetSuite, Sage Intacct and FinancialForce, among others. A continuous real-time sync means that information is dynamically updated across all connected platforms. Expensify connects directly with the top banks in the U.S., as well as leading HR, practice management, tax reclamation, recruiting and travel management systems. A self-service API is available to anyone who wants to integrate Expensify into their technology ecosystem on their own without additional cost. 
 Comprehensive visibility. Whether companies require visibility into transaction approvals, help with corporate credit card reconciliation and remittance, or insights into travel spend, financial data is visible throughout the platform. 
 PAY 
 After capturing and approving relevant company spend, businesses require an easy and fast method for disbursing funds to employees and vendors. Expensify s payments platform streamlines how modern payments are made and reconciled in the following ways: 
 Next day ACH direct deposit. For companies that enable automatic processing and reimbursement, employees receive expense reimbursements in their bank account the following business day. 
 Centralized travel procurement . Manage and centrally pay for travel bookings made with any Expensify Card, all while ensuring compliance with company travel policies. 
 Corporate card remittance. Streamline the process of managing and remitting corporate card payments. 
 Expensify Card 
 The Expensify Card is a natural extension of our expense management platform, and is powered by the Visa network. Companies can use the Expensify Card in conjunction with existing expense policies at no additional cost, or independently as a separate corporate card program through our platform. 
 The Expensify Card leverages our wealth of experience acquired by working directly with finance administrators. The feature is designed to fix the common pain points seen with traditional corporate cards, namely the lack of real-time receipt capture and transaction visibility, enhanced access to credit for small businesses and streamlined setup of corporate card programs. 
 Key capabilities of the Expensify Card include: 
 Streamlined card application/setup. Companies receive an automated approval decision in seconds, and card provisioning for an entire organization is possible in a few minutes. Every member receives a virtual card for immediate use. 
 Continuous automatic reconciliation . Card transactions are synchronized in real-time between Expensify and a company s accounting systems. This removes the need for an arduous once-a-month statement reconciliation. 
 Real-time compliance. Cardholders receive an immediate push notification when their card is charged, which helps protect against fraud. In addition, eReceipts mean that no receipt capture 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 is required for nearly all purchases, though companies can stipulate their own receipt policy where preferred. 
 Spend control with Smart Limits. Companies control the maximum exposure they will accept for each employee by stipulating their individual unapproved spend, which is another cash control feature. If a cardholder fails to submit their expenses in a timely fashion, card activity is suspended until historical card spend is approved. 
 Cash back. Companies that spend over 250,000 per month for each of their first three months receive 4 cash back for all purchases in their first three months and 2 with no limits for all spend on their Expensify Cards afterwards. Companies that spend over 25,000 but less than 250,000 per month for each of their first three months receive 2 cash back for all purchases in their first three months and 1 with no limits for all spend on their Expensify Cards afterwards. 
 Karma Points. Every time a cardholder makes a purchase, Expensify donates 10 of our interchange amount to Expensify.org for use in one of its five funds Hunger, Climate, Homes, Youth, Reentry. 
 Daily settlement option . Ensure that employees never overspend what a company is able to pay. Daily settlement also helps smooth cash flows throughout the month, as opposed to one large, uncertain lump sum at month end. Companies can also choose monthly settlement if they prefer a more classic experience. 
 Integrated travel booking . Offered at no additional cost for all cardholders, administrators can set flight class, hotel ratings and other travel preferences to ensure that bookings comply with company policy. Reporting tools give admins full visibility into trip costs, and currently every booking comes with emergency transportation services in partnership with Global Rescue at no additional cost, as well as health and security assessments applicable for their destination. 
 We believe we have growth in many areas in regards to the Expensify Card. Our goal is to continue increasing the amount of companies that have adopted the Expensify Card and the number of members that have a card provisioned per company, both of which would increase the amount of total spend converted to the Expensify Card. 
 Invoicing Bill Pay 
 Key capabilities of our invoicing and bill payment features include: 
 Payments made easy. With multiple payment options, including credit/debit card, ACH, check, Venmo and PayPal, customers across the globe have access to quick, easy and frictionless payment options. 
 Eliminate manual entry. Bills sent to a company s @expensify.cash address are automatically SmartScanned, which captures key details for easy review and processing. 
 Real-time communication. Customers can leave comments or ask questions on the invoice and both parties can chat in real time directly in Expensify, or receive an email instantly. 
 Extensive integrations. Companies can save time by exporting invoices and bills to QuickBooks, Xero, Sage Intacct, Oracle NetSuite and more. Invoices are automatically linked to the corresponding customer and exported as a receivable in the accounting system. Bills are automatically linked to the corresponding vendor and exported as a payable. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Expensify.org 
 We started Expensify.org to create a just and generous world with the belief that doing good is good for business. We aim to integrate the Expensify.org mission into everything we do. If nothing else, it's good for employee retention and morale, by framing our work in a more powerful context than it might otherwise seem. Everyone here knows that we cannot succeed as a business without also giving back and making the world a better place than we found it. 
 Though Expensify.org launched in January 2020 and is now a 501(c)(3) non-profit, the concept was set into motion before Expensify was founded when David Barrett, Expensify's founder and CEO, had an idea of how to help feed unhoused neighbors he passed every day walking through San Francisco. He developed a platform to load gift cards on-demand from his personal credit card to offer funds immediately for individuals in his neighborhood to purchase food. While this idea didn t take off, David held onto the concept for more than a decade until it became a reality with the launch of Expensify.org and its corporate-card-fueled donations called Karma Points. 
 Through Expensify.org, we seek to empower individuals and communities to eliminate injustice around the world by making giving and volunteering more convenient, accountable, meaningful and collaborative. The foundation of Expensify.org was built on applying our expertise in expense management to increase the transparency of how funds are used, the convenience of how donations are gathered and most importantly the emotional connection between donors, volunteers and recipients. Donations route to one of our five funds related to tackling the biggest social injustices of our time: Housing Equity, Youth Advocacy, Food Security, Reentry Services and Climate Justice. 
 Our Compliance and Data Security 
 We are PCI-DSS, SOC1 Type II, and SOC2 Type II compliant, with external parties performing "grey box" testing to simulate nation-state level hacking capability. We are integrated with most major banks in the United States and our system and processes have been stress tested by each of them. We process billions of dollars in expense reimbursements every year and are audited annually by our processing bank. We take privacy and data security seriously and are in compliance with domestic and international data privacy regulations, which sometimes change faster than the wind. 
 Our Data 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have processed over 1.4 billion expense transactions for our customers. These expenses span across employees from all functions and layers in organizations of all sizes, industries and geographies. To process these expenses, our platform runs on our proprietary distributed and fully replicated technology architecture that is built to process many multiples of our current transaction volume. We also designed our platform to be deeply integrated and connected with a broad suite of back office systems, consumer applications and banking technology infrastructures that our customers use every day. The combination of the scale and diversity of the expenses we process, the breadth and depth of our integrations and the scalability of our infrastructure has enabled us to build a massive data asset that continually enhances the value of our platform. 
 We derive powerful insights from our data such as the unique buying behavior of our members, the spending trends of the businesses they work for and changes in the technologies businesses use for multiple back-office workflows. These insights provide continuous and real-time input into our product development and enable us to develop features that reflect the behavior and preferences of our members and the organizations they work for. Our data asset also benefits from significant network effects, with every new member and transaction adding incremental value to our platform. Every receipt we process through our OCR technology makes our SmartScan technology more accurate, every transaction we process and backtest enhances our fraud protection capabilities and every customer inquiry we resolve allows Concierge to answer future questions faster. We believe that our data asset will continue to expand the value of our platform and drive future growth. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Our Culture, Employees and Human Capital 
 At Expensify, our culture is deeply embedded in everything we do. We strive to create a diverse, inclusive and collaborative workplace that prioritizes and fosters the long-term happiness of our employees. We operate with a flat, generalist organizational structure, where everybody is encouraged to participate in every discussion and contribute to every decision they choose to. Our culture is centered on the belief that a life well lived is one that enables you to achieve the following three goals, which we all work towards with a long-term mindset: 
 Live Rich. This means we want to have ample means, and the time to enjoy it. We want to participate in a diverse, equitable, inclusive and fundamentally just society both inside and outside our own walls. We want to have a comfortable baseline, where on a dull, ordinary day we wake up refreshed and excited to take on the day s challenges, and go to bed each night fully satisfied in life well lived and a job well done. 
 Have Fun. Sometimes, we want to do stuff that is awesome just for the sake of awesomeness. Not too often, but often enough to remind ourselves that we are living life to its fullest, and enabling others to do the same. For example, every year, we bring the whole company, plus families and kids, to a warm and sunny international location for a month-long "working vacation" to enable our employees to collaborate in person from a remote beach, build friendships with their colleagues, broaden their perspective and have a great time. These Offshore trips are productivity powerhouses that have resulted in some of our most impressive platform developments to date. 
 Save The World. We like the phrasing of this goal precisely because it is bombastic. We want to play an active role in unwinding the systemic bias that has prevented so many from living rich. We believe that even a small team with limited resources, given enough time and focus, can move the world. This is why we started Expensify.org, to create a just and generous world , and we are all wholly committed to its mission. 
 We believe that there are three common qualities critical to achieving these three goals and the success of our company: 
 Talent. Each of us can learn without being taught, and can teach whatever we ve learned. 
 Ambition. Each of us has a genuine desire to accomplish something meaningful to us individually, to create more than we consume in this world. 
 Humility. Each of us genuinely values the opinions and perspectives of others, and seeks above all to find the right solution to any given problem, no matter who came up with it. 
 Finally, our long-term commitment to our three life goals is guided by two simple rules: 
 Get Shit Done. We have little-to-no internal hierarchy; nobody reports to anyone else. Everyone is responsible for their own time and empowered to spend it in the way they feel will best advance their own goals, and the goals of the company. 
 Don t Ruin It for Everyone Else. Whenever there is some complicated scenario with an unclear resolution, we always brainstorm the fairest possible solution -- and then put in the hard work to make that ideal solution our actual solution. Fairness rarely comes easy, and is typically far, far from the norm. 
 We believe that our unique culture and our employees happiness and long-term commitment to Expensify is a critical component of our success. As of December 31, 2022 we had 138 full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We also engage third-party vendors to supply on-demand workers as needed to support our operations. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we believe that our employee 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 relations are strong. We remain relentlessly committed to reevaluating ourselves and continuing to foster a workplace environment that prioritizes the well-being of each and every Expensify employee. 
 We provide our employees with competitive compensation, comprehensive healthcare options and equity ownership across our organization. We encourage a balanced lifestyle by offering our employees the flexibility to work remotely and set their own schedules. 
 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
 We have a product-led growth strategy, so our ability to scale our platform depends on our ability to innovate and continue to deliver quality and valuable features for members. As such, we prioritize our research and development above all other investments. Our Customer Success team works closely with our customers to identify our members greatest needs and act as our primary Product Managers to develop features that reflect their feedback. We build our software with the end user at the center of every decision, investing substantial time, energy and resources to ensure we have a deep understanding of our members needs. 
 CUSTOMER SUCCESS 
 Concierge is our customer support engine. Concierge is designed for speed and accuracy and optimized for cost. Concierge is powered by AI and trained by customer support agents, with different levels of skill and training, spread out across the world. 
 First Responders provide simple support that requires minimal training, with the primary requirement being English proficiency. Second Responders receive more in depth training and answer more complex questions, as well as those that require a deeper understanding of the platform. The costs of maintaining a team of First and Second Responders scales according to support volume, but thanks to Concierge, benefits from extraordinary economies of scale as well as consistency in speed and quality. First and Second Responders are employed and managed by vendors, which helps us efficiently scale up and down based on support volumes. 
 Success Coaches are full-time employees who manage the bulk of our product management. Approximately 75 of Success Coach time is spent on traditional product management activity (i.e., writing product proposals, engaging with the product development team, testing new functionality, updating documentation). The remaining approximately 25 is spent doing "supervised training" of the Concierge AI in response to edge case conversations escalated from Second Responders. We believe that by keeping our product managers involved with the customers we design and develop features that customers like to use - supporting our product-led growth. 
 MARKETING 
 Our members are our best marketers. They have adopted, championed and spread Expensify to their colleagues, managers and friends. We have empowered employees to simplify and streamline expense management and in the process we have created champions of our solutions who naturally demonstrate the value of Expensify to decision makers at their broader organizations. 
 We make our platform available for free trial online, which facilitates rapid and widespread adoption. The superiority of our solution and its user-friendly nature creates advocates of our platform and allows Expensify to spread virally, through word-of-mouth, across teams, departments and organizations. This word-of-mouth marketing increases organically as more individual members and teams discover our platform. 
 Our marketing efforts are designed to support the bottom-up viral nature of our platform by establishing our brand as the premiere option in preaccounting software. We invest in brand and platform promotion through partners, conference participation, thought leadership, direct marketing and advertising and content development to educate the market about the benefits of our platform and create market consensus. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Creating market consensus requires a major investment to establish and requires ongoing commitment to our product to maintain. So long as the market agrees we are the best, it is relatively inexpensive to maintain that perception. This creates an asymmetric advantage against anybody who would seek to challenge our brand. This market consensus strategy ensures we get the lion's share of the best new customers in the market by default, without needing to pay a high marginal cost to acquire each new customer. 
 SALES 
 Our viral and word-of-mouth lead generation enables us to employ a self-service and inbound sales model. Potential customers are generally first introduced to Expensify when an employee submits an expense report using Expensify, when they hear of us through their networks, or indirectly through accountants and accounting platforms. Customers then seek out our mobile app and website to try, adopt and use our platform. 
 Our sales model focuses on enabling customer self-service and low-friction entry points enhanced with AI powered customer service. Our customers can access free and fully functional trials. When a member has completed their platform evaluation, purchasing is coordinated online through an automated, easy-to-use web or mobile based process. Any customer can get on the phone with our team during or after the sales process, but due to the segment of the market we serve, the overwhelming majority prefer to complete the sales and onboarding process online. 
 Our Competition 
 Our primary competition remains the antiquated manual processes that SMBs have been relied upon for decades. Other competitors include traditional horizontal platform solutions with basic expense management features, corporate card providers, and niche expense management point solutions. Because of the strength, flexibility and interoperability of our offering, many of our customers use Expensify in tandem with some of our competitors products. We differentiate ourselves from our competition by remaining hyper-focused on our members, continuing to innovate features that add value to our members and maintaining market consensus to facilitate word-of-mouth marketing and support our viral, bottom-up go-to-market motion. 
 We believe the principal competitive factors that drive leadership in the markets we compete in include the following: 
 End user design focus; 
 Ease of access, adoption, deployment and use; 
 Platform functionality and ability to automate processes; 
 Mobile access across devices; 
 Ability to purchase without a sales representative; 
 Viral, bottom-up business model supported by word-of-mouth adoption; 
 High interoperability with internal and third party systems and consumer applications; 
 Flexible, employee-centric legal terms regarding data ownership; 
 Data security and privacy; 
 Speed and scalability of architecture underlying the platform; 
 Brand reputation and market consensus around platform superiority; and 
 Customer service and support. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We believe we compete favorably with our competitors on the basis of the factors described above. We believe our unique approach, business model, and company culture drive significant competitive differentiation. We intend to continue our intense design focus on the employee experience, support our viral bottom-up business model to drive profitable growth, and nurture our one-of-a-kind company structure and culture to maintain this competitive advantage. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our intellectual property is an important aspect of our business and helps us maintain our competitive position. To establish and protect our rights in our proprietary intellectual property, we rely upon a combination of patent, copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, and contractual restrictions such as confidentiality agreements, licenses and intellectual property assignment agreements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 11 trademark registrations in the United States, including EXPENSIFY, SMARTSCAN, CONCIERGE, LAT TALKS, LONG ASS TABLE TALKS, EXPENSIFY THIS, and YOU WEREN T BORN TO DO EXPENSES and various other marks had also been published, such as EASY MONEY, EXPENSIFY IS EASY MONEY, KARMA POINTS, CORPORATE KARMA, PERSONAL KARMA, and EXPENSIFYTHIS. We also had approximately 35 trademark registrations and approximately 19 applications in certain foreign jurisdictions. We will pursue additional trademark registrations to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost effective. We also own several domain names, including www.expensify.com, use.expensify.com, www.expensify.org and new.expensify.com. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 19 issued patents and 12 pending patent applications in the United States. Our issued patents expire between August 18, 2028 and October 17, 2037. We have 1 pending application in Europe, Australia and Canada. We continually review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability of new intellectual property. 
 We control access to our intellectual property and confidential information through internal and external controls. We maintain a policy requiring our employees, contractors, consultants and other third parties involved in the development of intellectual property on our behalf to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements to control access to our proprietary information. Intellectual property laws and our procedures and restrictions provide only limited protection, and any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed, or misappropriated. 
 For additional information about our intellectual property and associated risks, see the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business. 
 Government Regulation 
 Our business activities are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations and competitive position as compared to prior periods. Nevertheless, compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to global trade, business acquisitions, consumer and data protection and taxes, could have a material impact on our business in subsequent periods. For more information on the potential impacts of government regulations affecting our business, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated on April 29, 2009 as Expensify, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Our principal executive offices are located at 401 SW 5th Street, Portland, Oregon 97204. 
 Available Information 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Our website address is www.expensify.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act are also available free of charge on our investor relations website, investors.expensify.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 
 We provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, on our investor relations website. The contents of these websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this report or in any other report or document we file. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, as well as our other filings with the SEC. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material may also impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Our quarterly and annual results of operations have fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate significantly in the future and may not meet our expectations or those of investors or securities analysts. 
 Our quarterly and annual results of operations, including the levels of our revenue, working capital and cash flows, have varied significantly in the past and may vary significantly in the future, such that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations may not be meaningful. Our quarterly and annual financial results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict, including, but not limited to: 
 the level of demand across our platform and for individual features within our platform; 
 our ability to grow or maintain our gross logo retention rate and net seat retention rate (each as described under the section titled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Factors Affecting Our Performance Retaining Existing Customers"), expand usage within organizations, retain and increase sales to existing customers and attract new members and customers; 
 our ability to convert individuals and organizations using our free features or trial subscriptions into paying customers; 
 our ability to predictably generate revenue through marketing and sales efforts; 
 the timing and success of new features, integrations, capabilities and enhancements by us to our platform, or by our competitors to their products, or any other changes in the competitive landscape of our market; 
 our ability to grow and maintain our relationships and/or integrations with our network of third-party partners, including integration partners, channel partners and professional service partners; 
 our ability to regulate members and member interactions on an increasingly collaborative platform; 
 our ability to grow revenue share and customer referrals from our partner ecosystem; 
 our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers; 
 the success of our customers businesses; 
 our ability to achieve widespread acceptance and use of our platform and features, including the Expensify Card and any new features we may introduce; 
 our ability to retain customers on annual subscriptions; 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to maintain and improve employee efficiency, and our ability to manage third party, outsourced or open source workers to provide value-added services like receipt processing, customer support and engineering; 
 errors in our forecasting of the demand for our platform and features, which would lead to lower revenue, increased costs, or both; 
 the amount and timing of operating expenses and capital expenditures, as well as entry into operating leases, that we may incur to maintain and expand our business and operations and to remain competitive; 
 the timing of expenses and recognition of revenue; 
 actual or perceived security breaches, technical difficulties, or interruptions to our platform and features; 
 pricing pressure as a result of competition or otherwise; 
 ineffective pricing strategies that could limit customer base expansion, revenue growth and subscription renewals; 
 adverse litigation judgments, other dispute-related settlement payments, or other litigation-related costs; 
 the number of new employees hired; 
 the timing of the grant or vesting of equity awards to employees, directors, or consultants; 
 declines in the values of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar; 
 changes in, and continuing uncertainty in relation to, the legislative or regulatory environment; 
 legal and regulatory compliance costs in new and existing markets; 
 costs and timing of expenses related to the potential acquisition of talent, technologies, businesses or intellectual property, and their integration, including potentially significant amortization costs and possible write-downs; 
 health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or other conditions that impact travel and business spending; and 
 general economic and market conditions in either domestic or international markets, including geopolitical uncertainty and instability and their effects on software spending. 
 Any one or more of the factors above may result in significant fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results of operations, which may negatively impact the trading price of our Class A common stock. You should not rely on our past results as an indicator of our future performance. 
 The variability and unpredictability of our quarterly and annual results of operations or other operating metrics could result in our failure to meet our expectations or those of investors or analysts with respect to revenue or other metrics for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the trading price of our Class A common stock could fall, and we would face litigation, including securities class action lawsuits, which could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 We experienced rapid growth in recent periods prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, and those growth rates may not be indicative of our future growth, and we may not be able to maintain profitability. 
 We experienced rapid growth in recent periods prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our business was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, with declines in revenue and paid members due to government-imposed lock-downs, a decrease in business travel and other expense-generating activity, and SMBs downsizing or going out of business, among other things. While we have seen a relatively steady increase in paid members and improvements in revenue since the low point of the pandemic, our growth rate may not return to pre-pandemic levels. Even if our revenue and paid members continue to increase in the near term, we expect that our growth rate will decline as a result of a variety of factors, including the maturation of our business. Further, as we operate in a new and rapidly changing category of preaccounting software, widespread acceptance and use of our platform and features, particularly our expense management feature, is critical to our future growth and success. We believe our growth depends on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, our ability to: 
 attract new individuals and organizations to use our features, particularly our expense management feature; 
 convert individuals and organizations using our free features or trial subscriptions into paying customers; 
 grow or maintain our gross logo retention rate and net seat retention rate, and expand usage within organizations; 
 price our subscription plans effectively and competitively; 
 retain our existing individual and organizational customers; 
 achieve widespread acceptance and use of our platform and features, including in markets outside of the United States; 
 continue to successfully advance our bottom-up sales strategy as well as strategic relationships with our channel partners; 
 continue to maintain and build a platform and brand that drives word-of-mouth exposure to new potential members; 
 grow or maintain our brand through marketing, advertising campaigns, partnerships and other methods; 
 gain member traction for and generate revenue from our new features and services; 
 grow or maintain current levels of consideration from a vendor and/or fees generated through transaction-based features; 
 expand the features and capabilities of our platform and features; 
 provide excellent customer experience and customer support; 
 maintain the security and reliability of our platform and features; 
 maintain the trust of our customers; 
 successfully compete against established companies and new market entrants, as well as existing software tools; 
 successfully respond to other competitive challenges in the United States and globally; 
 attract, hire and retain highly skilled personnel; 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any other future pandemic, epidemic or other public health crisis and the corresponding pace and rate of recovery on our business; 
 obtain, expand, maintain, enforce and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 
 operate as a public company; 
 grow our member and customer base in new countries and/or markets, and increase awareness of our brand on a global basis; and 
 obtain and maintain compliance and licenses material to our current and future businesses, and comply with existing and new applicable laws and regulations including in markets outside of the United States. 
 If we are unable to accomplish these tasks, our growth, including our revenue growth, would be harmed. We also expect our operating expenses to increase in future periods, and if our revenue growth does not increase to offset these anticipated increases in our operating expenses, our business, results of operations, and financial condition will be harmed, and we may not be able to maintain profitability. 
 Our expense management feature drives the majority of our subscriptions, and any failure of this feature to satisfy customer demands or to achieve increased market acceptance could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 A majority of our subscriptions are driven by bottom-up adoption related to our expense management feature. Although we have added, and expect to continue to add, new features to expand our offerings, and all of our features are accessible under a single subscription, at least in the near term, we expect our expense management feature to continue to drive the majority of our subscriptions. As a result, market acceptance of our expense management feature is critical to our success. Demand for our expense management feature, as well as our other features, is affected by a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, such as the adoption of our features by new and existing customers; the timing of development and release of upgraded or new features on our platform; products and services introduced or upgraded by our competitors or partners; our ability to determine optimal pricing for our platform, including in international markets; pricing offered by our competitors; technological change; and growth or contraction in our addressable market. We increased our subscription prices in 2020, and although our new prices have not substantially affected our business to date, we cannot guarantee these price increases, or any future price increases we choose to implement, will not adversely affect our business in the future. If we are unable to meet customer demand for our expense management feature; do not price our subscriptions optimally or make changes to our subscription or pricing models that are not accepted by the market; or fail to convert members of our free expense management feature or trial subscriptions to paying subscribers, our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects will suffer. 
 If we fail to adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and changing customer needs or preferences, our platform may become less competitive. 
 The software industry is subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and practices and changing customer needs and preferences. The success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to adapt and respond effectively to these changes by continually modifying and enhancing our features to keep pace with changes in hardware systems and software applications, database technology and evolving technical standards and interfaces on a timely basis. If we are unable to develop and market new technology, features and functionality for our platform that keep pace with rapid technological and industry change and satisfy our customers, our revenue and operating results could be adversely affected. If new technologies emerge that deliver competitive products at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently, or more securely, it could adversely impact our ability to compete. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Our platform must also integrate with a variety of network, hardware, mobile and software platforms and technologies. We need to continuously modify and enhance our platform to adapt to changes and innovation in these technologies. This development effort may require significant engineering, marketing and sales resources, all of which would affect our business and operating results. Any failure of our platform to operate effectively with future technologies could reduce the demand for our platform. If we are unable to respond to these changes in a cost effective manner, our platform may become less marketable and less competitive or obsolete, and our operating results may be negatively affected. 
 If we are unable to attract new customers on a cost-effective basis, convert individuals and organizations using our free basic expense management feature and trial subscriptions into paying customers, retain existing customers and expand usage within organizations, our revenue growth will be harmed. 
 To increase our revenue, we must increase our customer base through various methods, including but not limited to, retaining existing customers, adding new customers, converting individuals and organizations using our free basic expense management feature and trial subscriptions into paying customers, and expanding usage within organizations. Our business is subscription-based, with monthly and annual subscriptions, and customers are not obligated to and may not renew their subscriptions after their existing subscriptions expire. 
 One of our primary marketing strategies is to offer a free basic version of our expense management feature to individuals within organizations. We rely on these individuals to expose others within their organizations to our platform and features and to convince those individuals to become new members, which could eventually lead to the engagement of the organization or individuals or departments within the organization as paying customers. To encourage viral adoption, we offer viral features that are free and accessible without a paid subscription, and we also offer time-limited trial subscriptions. We believe these free basic features and trial subscriptions promote brand awareness and organic adoption of our platform. While our viral model means that employees or contractors often introduce Expensify into SMBs, companies subscribe and pay for the majority of our paid members. To the extent that increasing numbers of these individuals and organizations who utilize the free aspects of our platform do not become, or lead others to become, paying customers, we will not realize the intended benefits of these marketing strategies, we will continue to pay the costs associated with hosting such free basic features and trial subscriptions, our ability to grow our business will be harmed, and our business, results of operations and financial condition will suffer. 
 While we experienced significant growth in the number of our customers prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, our growth rate may not return to pre-pandemic levels. Numerous factors may impede our ability to attract new customers, convert individuals and organizations using our free basic features and trial subscriptions into paying customers, expand usage within organizations, increase use of our other features such as the Expensify Card and gain new subscriptions, including but not limited to, failure to retain and motivate our personnel; failure to establish, maintain or expand relationships with channel and integration partners; failure to compete effectively against alternative products or services; our ability to determine optimal pricing for our subscriptions, including in international markets; failure to successfully deploy new features and integrations; failure to provide a quality customer experience and customer support; or failure to ensure the effectiveness of our bottom-up sales approach and other marketing programs. Channel partnerships are also an important aspect of our growth strategy, and we will need to maintain our partnerships with existing channel partners and identify and attract new channel partners in order to maintain the effectiveness of this strategy. Moreover, we believe that many of our new customers originate from word-of-mouth and other non-paid referrals from existing customers, so we must ensure that our existing customers remain loyal to our platform in order to continue receiving those referrals. 
 Our business is subscription-based, and customers are not obligated to and may not renew their subscriptions after their existing subscriptions expire. We cannot ensure that customers will renew 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 subscriptions with the same or greater number of members or for the same level of subscription plan or that they will upgrade to use features such as bi-directional accounting sync and invoicing features or the Expensify Card. Customers may or may not renew their subscriptions as a result of a number of factors, including their satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our platform; changes we may implement in our pricing or structure; the pricing or capabilities of the products and services offered by our competitors; the effects of general economic conditions; or customers budgetary constraints. If customers do not renew their subscriptions, renew on less favorable terms, or fail to add members, or if we fail to convert individuals and organizations into paying members, or expand the adoption of our platform within their organizations, our revenue may decline or grow less quickly than anticipated, which would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our future success also depends in part on our ability to provide additional features to attract new members at existing customers, as well as increase transaction monetization from the Expensify Card. If our efforts to do so are not successful, our revenue may decline or grow less quickly than anticipated, which would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may fail to accurately predict the optimal pricing strategies necessary to attract new customers, retain existing customers and respond to changing market conditions. 
 We have in the past, and may in the future, need to change our pricing model from time to time. As the market for our platform matures, or as competitors introduce new solutions that compete with ours, we may be unable to attract new customers at the same prices or based on the same pricing models that we have used historically. While we do and will attempt to set prices based on our prior experiences and customer feedback, our assessments may not be accurate and we could be underpricing or overpricing our platform. In addition, if the offerings on our platform change, then we may need to revise our pricing strategies. Any such changes to our pricing strategies or our ability to efficiently price our offerings could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Pricing pressures and decisions could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses or the failure of our platform to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance, any of which could negatively impact our overall business, operating results and financial condition. Moreover, the organizations which we target may demand substantial price concessions. As a result, we may be required to price below our targets in the future, which could adversely affect our revenue, profitability, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We may not successfully develop or introduce new features, enhancements, integrations, capabilities and versions of our existing features that achieve market acceptance, and our business could be harmed and our revenue could suffer as a result. 
 Our ability to attract new customers and increase revenue from existing customers depends in large part upon the successful development, introduction and customer acceptance of new features, enhancements, integrations, capabilities and versions of our existing features. If we are unable to expand our platform offerings in a manner that increases retention of existing customers and attracts new customers, our customers could migrate to competitors who may offer a broader or more attractive range of products and services. Unexpected delays in releasing new or enhanced features or versions of our features, or errors following their release, could result in loss of sales, delay in market acceptance of our features, or customer claims against us, any of which could harm our business. The success of any new feature, enhancement, integration, capability or version depends on several factors, including timely completion and delivery, competitive pricing, adequate quality testing, integration with existing technologies, proper marketing of the feature and market acceptance. For example, growth from Expensify Card, which we introduced in 2020, has taken longer than anticipated due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and there can be no assurance that it will reach the level of customer adoption that it was designed to achieve. We may not be able to develop new features successfully or to introduce and gain market acceptance of new features in a timely manner, or at all. 
 The successful development, introduction and customer acceptance of new features, enhancements, integrations, capabilities and versions of our existing features is costly and time-consuming, and our 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 business could be harmed if we fail to deliver new features, enhancements, integrations, capabilities and versions of our existing features that meet customer needs on a timely and cost effective basis. 
 For example, we are developing an open-source financial group chat optimized for financial conversations, designed to be used both in and outside of work, and maintained by a community of open source developers. We expect our open-source offering to be a complete rewrite of the Expensify front end, built on a new React Native platform that uses the same codebase across iOS, Android, web and desktop. Although we see this direction as a natural next step in our long-term product vision, we have not developed an open-source financial group chat (or similar feature) before, and it may not meet customer needs, gain member traction or generate revenue sufficient to offset the costs of development, which could harm our business. 
 We face significant competition, the market in which we operate is rapidly evolving, and if we do not compete effectively, our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 
 We face significant competitive challenges from do-it-yourself approaches as well as companies that provide traditional horizontal platform solutions with expense management features, corporate card providers and niche expense management solutions. Traditional do-it-yourself approaches (for example, using spreadsheets, email, messaging and legacy project management tools) are people-intensive and involve internal personnel manually performing expense management processes. Many businesses using do-it-yourself approaches believe that these manual processes are adequate and may be unaware that Expensify can replace several expensive, disconnected services with one fully connected preaccounting platform for a fraction of the cost, resulting in an inertia that can be difficult to overcome. It is difficult to predict adoption rates and demand for our platform, the future growth rate and size of the market for expense management and other preaccounting products, or the entry of competitive offerings. The expansion of the expense management and other preaccounting products market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with these solutions. If expense management and other preaccounting solutions do not achieve widespread adoption, or there is a reduction in demand for expense management and other preaccounting products caused by a lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, weakening economic conditions, security or privacy concerns, competing technologies and products, decreases in corporate spending, or otherwise, it could result in decreased revenue, and our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 In addition, there are a number of competing companies that provide traditional horizontal platform solutions with expense management features, some of which have substantially greater revenue, personnel and other resources than we do. These firms have historically targeted primarily large enterprise customers, but many of them also market to SMBs in search of growth in revenue or market share. We also face competition from a growing number of other businesses offering expense management solutions and corporate cards. Our smaller competitors who currently focus their product offerings on SMBs may be better positioned than larger competitors to increase their market share with SMBs, whether by competing based on price, service, or otherwise. Increased competition may impact our ability to add new customers at the rates we have historically achieved. Additionally, competition may increase in the future from new market entrants. With the introduction of new technologies and the entry of new companies into the market, we expect competition to persist and intensify. This could harm our ability to increase our customer base, maintain subscription renewals and maintain our prices. 
 Additionally, it is possible that large enterprises with substantial resources that operate in adjacent accounting, finance or compliance verticals may decide to pursue expense management automation and become immediate, significant competitors. Merger and acquisition activity in the technology industry could increase the likelihood that we compete with other large technology companies. Many of our existing competitors have, and our potential competitors could have, substantial competitive advantages such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, larger sales and marketing budgets and resources, greater customer support resources, lower labor and development costs, larger 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 and more mature intellectual property portfolios and substantially greater financial, technical and other resources. Some of our larger competitors also have substantially broader product lines and market focus and will therefore not be as susceptible to downturns in a particular market. Conditions in our market could change rapidly and significantly as a result of technological advancements, partnering by our competitors, or continuing market consolidation. New startup companies that innovate, and large companies that are making significant investments in research and development, may invent similar or superior products and technologies that compete with our platform, including the addition of bottom-up adoption features. Some of our larger competitors use broader product offerings to compete, including by selling at zero or negative margins, by bundling their product, or by closing access to their technology platforms. Potential customers may prefer to purchase from their existing suppliers rather than a new supplier regardless of product performance or features. Furthermore, potential customers may be more willing to incrementally add solutions to their existing infrastructure from competitors than to replace their existing infrastructure with our platform. These competitive pressures in our market, or our failure to compete effectively, may result in price reductions, fewer new customers, lower revenue and loss of market share. Any failure to successfully and effectively compete with current or future competitors could cause us to lose business and harm our revenue growth, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 An economic downturn or economic uncertainty could negatively impact our customers and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business depends on the economic health of our current and prospective customers and the overall state of the economy. Declining levels of economic activity may lead to declines or delays in business spending, declines in the number of paid monthly members of our platform and fewer transactions for which our platform may be used, which may result in decreased revenue for us. Uncertain and adverse economic conditions may cause customers to change their company policies to limit expense reimbursement and have led to increased requests for, and may lead to, increased refunds and chargebacks. Additionally, economic uncertainty and negative economic pressures may cause prospective or existing customers to defer investment or expansion in their business, and they may become more price-sensitive and perceive our platform as too costly. As of December 31, 2022 businesses with fewer than 1,000 employees accounted for approximately 95 of our customers by revenue, and we focus our product, marketing and sales efforts on these businesses, including SMBs. These customers may be more susceptible to general economic conditions than larger businesses, which may have greater liquidity and access to capital. Our competitors, many of whom are larger and more established than we are, may respond to market conditions by lowering their prices and attempting to lure away our customers. Many of our larger competitors currently focus their product offerings on larger customers who may be less susceptible to general economic conditions. As a result, our larger competitors may be better positioned than we are to increase their market share with businesses of all sizes. In addition, the increased pace of consolidation in certain industries may result in reduced overall spending on our platform offerings. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown, instability or recovery, generally or within any particular industry. If the economic conditions of the general economy or markets in which we operate worsen from present levels, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has materially adversely affected, and may continue to materially and adversely affect, our business and our ability to grow. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic disrupted our business and impacted our employees, partners, third-party service providers and customers. In particular, effects of the COVID-19 pandemic such as economic instability, remote work and travel restrictions negatively affected demand for our platform as employees incurred fewer work- and travel-related expenses and submitted fewer expense reimbursement requests to their employers, and as SMBs downsized or went out of business. Many very small businesses VSBs and SMBs experienced substantial revenue and cash liquidity declines in the early months of the COVID-19 pandemic, and there were high observed rates of small business 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 failures. The COVID-19 pandemic also negatively impacted the amount of expenses incurred by our paid members, our annual gross logo retention, our net seat retention, the launch of our Expensify Card and the roll-out of our co-working spaces, which we call lounges. 
 The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or other pandemics, epidemics and other public health crises, will affect our business in the future will depend on developments that are highly uncertain and cannot currently be predicted. These developments include, but are not limited to, the duration, extent and severity of any such crisis; actions taken to contain any such crisis; the ultimate societal impact of any such crisis and any lasting changes in business and consumer behavior, including with respect to remote work, business travel and business expense spending and reimbursement; the duration and nature of related restrictions on economic activity and domestic and international trade; and the extent of the impact of these and other factors on our employees, partners, third-party service providers and customers. Ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, or the effects of any resurgences or variances or other pandemics, epidemics or other public health crises, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 Payments and other financial services-related laws and regulations and government oversight are material to our business. Our failure to comply with such laws and regulations could materially harm our business and can subject us to criminal and civil liability. 
 The local, state, and federal laws, rules, regulations, licensing and other authorization schemes, and industry standards that govern our business, including our payment services, include, or may in the future include, those relating to banking, invoicing, cross-border and domestic money transmission, foreign exchange, payments services (such as payment processing and settlement services), anti-money laundering, combating terrorist financing, escheatment, U.S. and international sanctions regimes, and compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ("PCI-DSS"), a set of requirements designed to ensure that all companies that process, store, or transmit payment card information maintain a secure environment to protect cardholder data. These laws, rules, regulations, licensing and other authorization schemes, and industry standards are administered and enforced by multiple authorities and governing bodies in the United States, including but not limited to the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Office of Foreign Assets Control, self-regulatory organizations, and numerous state and local governmental and regulatory authorities. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with existing or new laws and regulations, or orders of any governmental authority, including changes to or expansion of their interpretations, may subject us to significant fines, penalties, criminal and civil lawsuits, forfeiture of significant assets, enforcement actions in one or more jurisdictions, result in additional compliance and licensure requirements, and increased regulatory scrutiny of our business. In addition, we may be forced to restrict or change our operations or business practices, make product changes, or delay planned product launches or improvements. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Expensify Payments LLC Expensify Payments is a licensed money transmitter (or its equivalent) in various U.S. states and territories and is in the process of obtaining money transmission licenses in a number of states and territories. As a licensed money transmitter, Expensify Payments, its ultimate beneficial owners, and its control persons are subject to a range of restrictions and ongoing compliance obligations under the money transmitter statutes (or their equivalent) administered by the banking departments (or their equivalent) of the various U.S. states and territories where it is licensed, including requirements with respect to the investment of customer funds, financial recordkeeping and reporting, reconciliation of customer funds, bonding, minimum capital, minimum net worth, disclosure, and inspection by regulatory authorities concerning various aspects of its business. In a number of cases, evaluation of our compliance efforts, as well as questions of whether and to what extent our activities in connection with the provision of certain products and services (both current and historical) are considered money transmission, are matters of regulatory interpretation and could change over time. In the past, regulators have identified violations or alleged violations of certain statutory and regulatory requirements, and we have been subject to fines and other penalties by state regulatory 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 authorities due to their interpretation and application of their respective state money transmitter regime to our activities. In the future, as a result of the laws and regulations applicable to us and our business, we could be subject to investigations, inspections, examinations, and supervision, and resulting liability, including governmental fines, restrictions on our business, or other similar enforcement actions, and we could be forced to cease conducting certain aspects of our business with residents of certain jurisdictions, be forced to change our business practices in certain jurisdictions, or be required to obtain additional licenses, regulatory approvals, or other similar authorizations. We cannot make any assurances that we will be able to obtain or maintain any such licenses, regulatory approvals, and other similar authorizations, and there could be substantial costs and potential product changes involved in obtaining and maintaining any such licenses, approvals, or other similar authorizations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, there are substantial costs and potential product changes involved in maintaining and renewing any licenses, regulatory approvals, and other similar authorizations, and we could be subject to fines or other enforcement action if we are found to violate disclosure, reporting, anti-money laundering, capitalization, net worth, corporate governance, or other requirements applicable to us, including those required in connection with maintaining such licenses, approvals, or authorizations. These factors could impose substantial additional costs on us, involve considerable delay to the development or provision of our products or services to our customers, require significant and costly operational changes, or prevent us from providing our products or services in any given market. 
 Governmental and regulatory bodies and authorities may also impose new or additional requirements on our business or issue or promulgate new laws, regulations, or rules applicable to persons engaged in money transmission that adversely affect our business, including those that: 
 prohibit, restrict, and/or impose taxes or fees on money transmission transactions in, to or from certain countries or with certain governments, individuals, or entities; 
 impose additional customer identification and customer due diligence requirements; 
 impose additional reporting or recordkeeping requirements, or require enhanced transaction monitoring; 
 limit the types of entities capable of providing money transmission services, or impose additional licensing or registration requirements; 
 impose minimum capital or other financial requirements; 
 limit or restrict the revenue that may be generated from money transmission, including revenue from interest earned on customer funds, transaction fees, and revenue derived from foreign exchange; 
 require enhanced disclosures to our money transmission customers; 
 require the principal amount of money transmission originated in a country to be invested in that country or held in trust until paid; 
 limit the number or principal amount of money transmission transactions that may be sent to or from a jurisdiction, whether by an individual or in the aggregate; 
 restrict or limit our ability to process transactions using centralized databases, for example, by requiring that transactions be processed using a database maintained in a particular country or region; or 
 impose other requirements in furtherance of their missions. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 The success of our business largely depends on our senior management team, and we depend on professional services firms for a significant portion of our finance function. The loss of any key employees or our outsourced finance team could adversely affect our business. 
 Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our key executive officers and employees, including our founder and CEO, David Barrett. We also rely on our leadership team in the areas of research and development, marketing, sales, services and general and administrative functions, and on mission-critical individual contributors in research and development. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt our business. We do not have employment agreements with our executive officers or other key personnel that require them to continue to work for us for any specified period and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or key employees could have a serious adverse effect on our business. 
 In addition, we depend on certain professional services firms for a significant portion of our finance function. If we lose the services of these outsourced finance teams for any reason, our ability to complete key accounting processes and reviews and provide timely and accurate financial reporting could be seriously harmed, and we could experience material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, we may be unable to retain a new outside professional services firm or expand the size and expertise of our internal accounting team sufficiently and quickly enough to implement the processes and reviews necessary to ensure that material misstatements do not occur, which could seriously harm our business. Any failure to provide timely and accurate financial reporting or to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition, and could cause investors to lose confidence in our financial reports and our financial reporting generally, which could cause a decline in the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our common stock and could diminish our cash reserves. 
 On May 10, 2022, the Executive Committee authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to 50 million of our outstanding Class A common stock. Although the Executive Committee has authorized this repurchase program, the program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. The actual timing, manner, price and total amount of future repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including business, economic and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, prevailing stock prices, restrictions under the terms of loan agreements and other considerations. The share repurchase program may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time, and we cannot guarantee that the program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. The program could affect the trading price of our stock and increase volatility, and any announcement of a termination of this program may result in a decrease in the trading price of our stock. In addition, this program could diminish our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 We rely on a single third-party vendor, issuing bank and card network for our Expensify Card, and if we lose any of these services, our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects could be harmed. 
 The Expensify Card is an important element of our growth strategy, and we believe that, over time, the Expensify Card will be a prominent corporate card solution for SMBs in our core markets. We rely on a single third-party vendor, Marqeta, Inc. ("Marqeta"), for the Expensify Card, who also manages the relationship with the card's issuing bank, Sutton Bank, and the card network, Visa. In the annual periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, consideration from this vendor representing monetized Expensify Card activities reduced our cost of revenue by 6.2 million, 2.9 million, and 1.0 million, respectively. Our agreement with Marqeta initially had a three year term that expired in June 2022 and now automatically renews annually thereafter unless either party provides 90 days notice 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 prior to renewal. In addition to standard termination for cause provisions, either party can terminate without cause upon 180 days' notice, and under certain circumstances Marqeta may terminate with reduced or no notice, including if required to do so by the issuing bank or any regulator with jurisdiction over the issuing bank or Marqeta, or in the event of that we issue cards outside of approved use cases. In the event of termination or expiration of the agreement with Marqeta, we have the right to request Marqeta's assistance in transitioning to a new vendor, and during the transition period the agreement will continue on the same terms. If such transition is not successful, or if we otherwise lose our Expensify Card vendor, issuing bank or card network for any reason, we could experience service interruptions as well as delays and additional expenses, and we may be unable to replace these services on competitive terms, or at all, which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 Our failure to protect our sites, networks and systems against security breaches, or otherwise to protect our confidential information or the confidential information of our members, customers, or other third parties, would damage our reputation and brand, and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 Breaches of our security measures or those of our customers, partners or third-party service providers, or other cyber security incidents, could result in intentional or accidental unauthorized access to our or our customers or partners sites, networks, systems and accounts; unauthorized access to, and misappropriation or disclosure of, individuals personal information or other confidential or proprietary information of ourselves, our customers or partners, or other third parties; viruses, worms, spyware, ransomware, or other malware being served from our platform, mobile application, networks, or systems, including as a result of supply chain attacks; deletion or modification of content or the display of unauthorized content on our platform; interruption, disruption, or malfunction of operations; costs relating to breach remediation, deployment of additional personnel and protection technologies, and response to governmental investigations and media inquiries and coverage; engagement of third-party experts and consultants; or risk of loss, litigation, regulatory action and other potential liabilities. If any of these intentional or accidental breaches of security should occur, we cannot guarantee that recovery protocols and backup systems will be sufficient to prevent data loss. Additionally, if any of these breaches occur, our reputation and brand could be damaged, our business may suffer, we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by such breaches. Actual or anticipated security breaches or attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees and engage third-party experts and consultants. Additionally, many of our employees and service providers work remotely, in part due to a significant increase in remote work stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic that has been maintained. As a result, we may be more vulnerable to cybersecurity-related events such as phishing attacks and other security challenges. Many companies that provide cloud based services have reported a significant increase in cyberattack activity since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic and related increase in remote work. Attacks upon information technology systems are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, sophistication and intensity, and are being conducted by sophisticated and organized groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We may also be subject to vulnerabilities or experience security breaches or incidents that may remain undetected for an extended period. These events threaten the performance, reliability, security and availability of our platform. Any computer malware, viruses, computer hacking, fraudulent use attempts, phishing attacks, or other data security breaches to our systems could, among other things, harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. 
 Our customers provide us with information that our systems store, some of which is confidential information about them or their financial transactions. In addition, we store personal information about our employees and, to a lesser extent, those who purchase products or services from our customers. Even though we have security systems and information technology infrastructure designed to protect 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 against unauthorized access to such information, our efforts to address these threats may not always be successful. Any actual or perceived compromise or breach of our security measures, or those of our customers, partners or third-party service providers, could violate applicable privacy, data protection, data security, network and information systems security and other laws, and cause significant legal and financial exposure, adverse publicity and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the insurance we maintain may be insufficient to cover our losses resulting from disasters, cyber-attacks, or other business interruptions, and any incidents may result in loss of, or increased costs of, such insurance. Our disaster recovery plan may not be sufficient to address all aspects or any unanticipated consequence or incident. We continue to devote significant resources to protect against security breaches, and we may need to devote significant resources in the future to address problems caused by breaches, including notifying affected subscribers and responding to any resulting litigation, which in turn, diverts resources from the growth and expansion of our business. 
 Our business depends on a strong brand, and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to expand our base of customers may be impaired, and our business and results of operations will be harmed. 
 We believe that the brand identity that we have developed has significantly contributed to the success of our business. We also believe that maintaining and enhancing the Expensify brand is critical to expanding our customer base and establishing and maintaining relationships with partners. Successful promotion of our brand will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, our ability to ensure that our platform remains high-quality, reliable, useful and competitively priced, the quality and perceived value of our platform, our ability to successfully differentiate our platform and features from those of our competitors and the ability of our customers to achieve successful results by using our platform and features. Maintaining and enhancing our brand may require us to make substantial investments not just in our core expense management service but also in newer features, such as our travel concierge services, and to make substantial investments in foreign markets, and these investments may not be successful. We also plan to enhance our brand and drive interest in our overall platform by introducing certain consumer-focused features, which may not be successful. Substantial advertising expenditures may be required to maintain and enhance our brand, which may not prove successful. Advertising and other brand promotion activities may not generate customer awareness or increase revenue, and even if they do, any increase in revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. For example, in 2023 we are hosting our third ExpensiCon, an invite-only, all-expenses paid industry conference set in an exotic location that includes a full itinerary of events and excursions. The goal of this ExpensiCon is to increase our market consensus among our Approved! Accounting partners and increase adoption of our platform. We have spent significant resources on this initiative, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in achieving those goals or that the nature of the event will not expose us to additional risks. Additionally, there could be a negative reaction to certain advertising campaigns and values-based activity and communications. If we fail to promote and maintain the Expensify brand, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, we may fail to attract or retain customers necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building efforts or to achieve the widespread brand awareness that is critical for broad customer adoption of our platform and features. We anticipate that, as our market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brand may become more difficult and expensive. 
 We expect to continue to make substantial investments and expenditures related to the growth of our business. 
 To improve the scalability, security, efficiency and failover aspects of our features, and to support our ongoing efforts to expand and enhance our platform and our business, we are continually updating our software and content and investing in the development, introduction and customer acceptance of new 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 features, enhancements, integrations, capabilities and versions of our existing features. Additionally, we will need to continue to make substantial investments and expenditures to, among other things: 
 hire new and retain existing employees; 
 maintain, expand, update and improve our infrastructure; 
 expand our sales and marketing activities, including to obtain channel partners and to expand our SMB and consumer advertising; 
 expand our operations across multiple geographies; 
 operate as a public company; and 
 pay for increasing costs associated with our general and administrative organization. 
 We may also review or revise our software architecture as we grow, which may require significant resources and investments. For example, we are developing an open-source financial group chat optimized for financial conversations, designed to be used both in and outside of work, and maintained by a community of open source developers. We expect our open-source offering to be a complete rewrite of the Expensify front end, built on a new React Native platform that uses the same codebase across iOS, Android, web and desktop. There can be no assurance that this direction will achieve customer acceptance or that we will realize the anticipated return on our investment. 
 If we experience increasing demand for our features, we may not be able to augment our infrastructure quickly enough to accommodate this demand, which may limit our growth or cause disruptions, outages and other performance problems that could lead to financial liabilities or affect our brand and reputation. If our subscription sales decrease, certain of our fixed costs, such as for capital equipment, may make it difficult for us to adjust our expenses downward quickly. 
 Our business is substantially dependent upon the continued development of the market for, and acceptance of, cloud based software features. 
 We have derived, and expect to continue to derive, substantially all of our revenue from the sale of subscriptions for our cloud based platform. The market for cloud based software is not as mature as the market for on premises software applications. We do not know whether the trend of adoption of cloud based software that we have experienced in the past will continue in the future, and the adoption rate of cloud based software may be slower at companies in industries with heightened data security interests or sensitivity to communication network slowdowns or outages. Additionally, international acceptance of cloud-based software varies by country, and is limited in certain countries where we may seek to expand. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the widespread adoption of cloud based software products in general, and of cloud based preaccounting products in particular. Many businesses have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate on premises software products into their businesses and have been reluctant or unwilling to migrate to cloud based software products. Furthermore, some businesses may be reluctant or unwilling to use cloud based products because they have concerns regarding the risks associated with the security of their data and the reliability of the technology and service delivery model associated with solutions like ours. Additionally, integration opportunities for our cloud-based platform may be limited without widespread adoption of other cloud-based software products, which may prevent a member from maximizing their experience with our platform. In addition, if we or other cloud based providers experience security incidents, loss of customer data, disruptions in delivery, or other problems, the market for cloud based software solutions as a whole, including for our solutions, may be negatively impacted. If the adoption of cloud based software solutions does not continue at the rate we anticipate, the market for these solutions may stop developing or may develop more slowly than we expect, either of which would harm our business. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to offer a high-quality customer experience, our business and reputation will suffer. 
 While we have designed our platform and features to be easy to adopt and use, once individuals and organizations begin using Expensify, they rely on our support services to resolve any related issues. High-quality member and customer education and customer experience have been key to the adoption of our platform and features and for the conversion of individuals and organizations using our free features and trial subscriptions into paying customers. The importance of high-quality customer experience will increase as we expand our business and pursue new customers. For instance, if we do not help organizations on our platform quickly resolve issues and provide effective ongoing member experience at the individual and organizational levels, our ability to convert organizations on our trial subscription into paying customers will suffer, and our reputation with existing or potential customers will be harmed. Further, the success of our bottom-up business model is highly dependent on our business reputation and on word-of-mouth positive recommendations from existing individuals and organizations using our platform and features. Any failure to maintain high-quality customer experience, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality customer experience, could harm our reputation, our ability to sell our platform to existing and prospective customers and our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, as we continue to grow our operations and reach a larger and increasingly global customer and member base, we need to be able to provide efficient customer support that meets the needs of organizations using our platform and features globally at scale. The number of organizations using our platform and features has grown significantly, which puts additional pressure on our support organization. Our platform is designed to leverage our proprietary AI-powered customer support engine, Concierge. Our Concierge service is powered by AI and trained by customer support agents. As we continue to grow and add features, we will need to hire additional support personnel to be able to continue to provide efficient customer support globally at scale, and if we are unable to provide such support, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be harmed. 
 We must continue to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, including an on-demand workforce in certain jurisdictions and for certain aspects of our business, to continue to execute on our business strategy and growth plans. 
 In order to continue to execute on our business strategy and growth plans, including the development of new features, and to maintain and upgrade our existing features, we will need to attract a sufficient number of highly qualified personnel, especially software engineers. Competition for software engineers and other key personnel in our industry is intense, especially for engineers with high levels of experience in designing and developing software for Internet-related services. As we become a more mature company, we may find our recruiting efforts more challenging. 
 In addition, one of our business strategies is to supplement our small core team of generalists with a large number of specialist contractors, managed by third-party vendors, from around the world. For example, we rely on certain third-party vendors to provide a specialized on-demand workforce to provide 24/7 real-time chat support and free phone onboarding for every Expensify member. We also intend to use this strategy to pair our core group of engineering generalists with a global network of open source engineering specialists, such as for the development and maintenance of our open-source financial group chat. If we are unable attract a sufficient number of specialized on-demand workers, or if changes to applicable foreign, state and local laws governing the definition or classification of independent contractors make it difficult or impossible for us to hire a sufficient number of specialized on-demand workers in a cost-effective manner, our costs could increase and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 
 Job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. The incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees provided by our equity awards or other compensation arrangements may not be as effective as in the past. If the perceived value of our stock declines, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. If we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees or our company have breached their legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. 
 Our recruiting efforts may also be limited by laws and regulations, such as restrictive immigration laws, and restrictions on travel or availability of visas. If we do not succeed in attracting excellent personnel or retaining or motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to innovate quickly enough to support our business model or grow effectively. 
 Our culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the high employee engagement fostered by our culture, which could harm our business. 
 We believe that a critical component of our success has been our culture, which is deeply embedded in everything we do. Our culture is centered on a belief that a life well lived is one that enables you to achieve the following three goals: Live Rich, Have Fun and Save the World. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our team with an emphasis on collaboration and innovation, ensuring customer success and a commitment to diversity and inclusion. We invest in our culture to create fun, diverse and memorable experiences for our employees, including employee travel to company-wide meetings in the U.S. and abroad. As we continue to grow and develop the infrastructure associated with being a public company, we will need to maintain our culture among a larger number of employees dispersed in various geographic regions. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit personnel. 
 If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and results of operations could be harmed. 
 We experienced rapid growth and increased demand for our platform prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our revenue grew from 53.9 million in 2018 to 80.5 million in 2019 to 88.1 million in 2020, but our headcount remained consistent, with 131 employees as of December 31, 2018, 127 employees as of December 31, 2019 and 133 employees as of December 31, 2020. Comparing 2020 to 2021, our revenue grew from 88.1 million to 142.8 million, respectively, but our headcount remained relatively consistent, with 133 employees as of December 31, 2020 and 144 employees as of December 31, 2021. Comparing 2021 to 2022, our revenue has grown from 142.8 million to 169.5 million, respectively, but our headcount remained relatively consistent, with 144 employees as of December 31, 2021 and 138 employees as of December 31, 2022. The growth and expansion of our business and platform may place a significant strain on our management and our administrative, operational and financial reporting resources. Our ability to accurately plan for and model future growth is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, due in part to our global operations, customer preferences and mix of products and features. We have encountered, and will continue to encounter, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan our business strategies and operations, are incorrect or change due to industry or market developments, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating results could differ materially from our expectations and our business could suffer. For example, we are required to manage multiple relationships with various strategic, integration and channel partners, customers and other third parties. In the event of further growth of our operations or in the number of our third-party relationships, our computer systems, procedures, or internal controls may not be adequate to support our operations, and our management may not be able to manage such growth effectively. To effectively manage our growth, we must continue to implement and improve our operational, financial and management information and reporting systems and manage our employee base. In addition, as we seek to continue to expand internationally, we will likely encounter unexpected challenges and expenses due to unfamiliarity with local regulations, requirements, practices and markets. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Our payments services and our Expensify Card are targets for illegal or improper uses, and our risk management efforts may not be effective, which could expose us to losses and liability and otherwise harm our business. 
 We offer payments services and the Expensify Card to our customers, and we are responsible for vetting and monitoring these customers and determining whether the transactions we process for them are legitimate. When our features and services are used to process illegitimate transactions, and we settle those funds to sellers and are unable to recover them, we suffer losses and liability. These types of illegitimate transactions can also expose us to governmental and regulatory sanctions. The highly automated nature of, and liquidity offered by, our payments services make us a target for illegal or improper uses, including fraudulent or illegal sales of goods or services, money laundering and terrorist financing. Identity thieves and those committing fraud using stolen or fabricated credit card or bank account numbers, or other deceptive or malicious practices, can potentially steal significant amounts of money from our business. In configuring our payments services, we face an inherent trade-off between security and customer convenience. Our risk management policies, procedures, techniques and processes may not be sufficient to identify all of the risks to which we are exposed, to enable us to mitigate the risks we have identified, or to identify additional risks to which we may become subject in the future. In addition, when we introduce new services, focus on new business types, or begin to operate in markets where we have a limited history of fraud loss, we may be less equipped to forecast and reserve accurately for those losses. Furthermore, if our risk management policies and processes contain errors or are otherwise ineffective, we may suffer large financial losses, we may be subject to civil and criminal liability, and our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 We are currently, and will continue to be, exposed to risks associated with chargebacks and refunds in connection with payment card fraud or relating to the goods or services provided by our sellers. In the event that a billing dispute between a cardholder and a seller is not resolved in favor of the seller, including in situations where the seller engaged in fraud, the transaction is typically charged back to the seller and the purchase price is credited or otherwise refunded to the cardholder. If we are unable to collect chargeback or refunds from the seller s account, or if the seller refuses to or is unable to reimburse us for a chargeback or refunds due to closure, bankruptcy, or other reasons, we may bear the loss for the amounts paid to the cardholder. We do not collect and maintain reserves from our sellers to cover these potential losses. The risk of chargebacks is typically greater with those of our sellers that promise future delivery of goods and services, which we allow on our service. If we are unable to maintain our losses from chargebacks at acceptable levels, the payment card networks could fine us, increase our transaction fees, or terminate our ability to process payment cards. Any increase in our transaction fees could damage our business, and if we were unable to accept payment cards, our business would be materially and adversely affected. 
 If we experience excessive fraudulent activity, we could incur substantial costs and lose the right to accept credit cards for payment, which could cause our customer base to decline significantly. 
 A large portion of our paying customers authorize us to bill their credit card accounts through our third-party payment processing partners for our paid subscription plans. If customers pay for their subscription plans with stolen credit cards, we could incur substantial third-party vendor costs for which we may not be reimbursed. Further, our customers provide us with credit card billing information online, and we do not review the physical credit cards used in these transactions, which increases our risk of exposure to fraudulent activity. We also incur chargebacks from the credit card companies for claims that the customer did not authorize the credit card transaction for subscription plans, something that we have experienced in the past. If the number of claims of unauthorized credit card transactions becomes excessive, we could be assessed substantial fines for excess chargebacks, and we could lose the right to accept credit cards for payment. In addition, credit card issuers may change merchant standards, including data protection and documentation standards, required to utilize their services from time to time. Our third-party payment processing partners must also maintain compliance with current and future merchant standards to accept credit cards as payment for our paid 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 subscription plans. Substantial losses due to fraud or our inability to accept credit card payments would cause our customer base to significantly decrease and would harm our business. 
 We are transitioning certain of our offices to co-working spaces, which we call lounges, and may expand to additional lounges. This process is expensive, may not achieve our intended goals, and could expose us to additional risks. 
 Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, we began to transition certain of our offices to co-working spaces, which we call lounges, with the goal of enhancing our culture and our brand by creating flexible workspaces that can be shared by Expensify employees and certain Expensify members. We have spent significant resources on this initiative, which has been disrupted by the pandemic. While we expect to open these lounges to certain members in the near term, there is no assurance that they will be successful in the post-pandemic business climate. In addition, we may be exposed to additional risks by allowing non-employees to use our lounges, including increased risk of litigation, theft, data privacy and cybersecurity breaches, and because we have very limited experience managing co-working spaces, we may not adequately balance managing these risks with our goals for these spaces. Furthermore, these lounges are subject to different rules and regulations than our normal operations, and which differ from location to location, and a failure to properly comply with such rules and regulations, due to our limited experience managing co-working spaces or otherwise, could result in regulatory action or fines. If we are unable to achieve our desired results, or if we are required to limit or suspend use of our lounges for an extended period of time for any reason, this initiative may be unsuccessful, which could damage our business, our culture and our brand. 
 Sales to customers outside the United States and our international operations expose us to risks inherent in international sales and operations. 
 Our revenue generated from customers outside the United States was 14.7 million (9 of our revenue), 15.2 million (11 of our revenue), and 9.0 million (10 of our revenue) for the annual periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Our core geographies are the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada and Australia. We intend to pursue expansion of our international operations. Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and subjects us to regulatory, economic and political risks that are different from those in the United States. In addition, we face risks in doing business internationally that could adversely affect our business and results of operations, including: 
 the need to localize and adapt our platform and features for specific countries, including translation into foreign languages, tax and regulatory updates and associated expenses; 
 data privacy laws that impose different and potentially conflicting obligations with respect to how personal data is processed or require that customer data be stored in a designated territory; 
 more fragmented partner market which proves to be harder for our platform to integrate with; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 regulatory and other delays and difficulties in setting up foreign operations; 
 different pricing environments, longer accounts receivable payment cycles and collections issues; 
 new and different sources of competition; 
 weaker protection for intellectual property and other legal rights than in the United States and practical difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and other rights outside of the United States; 
 laws and business practices favoring local competitors; 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 compliance challenges related to the complexity of multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations; 
 exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.S. bribery laws, the UK Bribery Act and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions; 
 increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 
 declines in the values of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar; 
 restrictions on the transfer of funds; 
 potentially adverse tax consequences; 
 the cost of and potential outcomes of any claims or litigation; 
 future accounting pronouncements and changes in accounting policies; 
 changes in tax laws or tax regulations; 
 health or similar issues, such as a pandemic or epidemic; and 
 regional and local economic and political conditions. 
 As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these risks. These factors and others could harm our ability to increase international revenue and, consequently, would materially impact our business and results of operations. The expansion of our existing international operations and entry into additional international markets will require significant management attention and financial resources. Our failure to successfully manage our international operations and the associated risks effectively could limit the future growth of our business. 
 We may be adversely affected by global economic and political instability. 
 As we seek to expand our business globally, our overall performance will depend in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions. Economies domestically and internationally have been affected from time to time by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, employment pressures in services sectors, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies and outbreaks of COVID-19, as well as war, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife and other geopolitical uncertainty, and the resulting impact on business continuity and travel, supply chain disruptions, inflation, security issues, and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy, including with respect to tariff and trade issues. 
 For example, the invasion of Ukraine by Russian military forces in February 2022 has resulted in sustained conflict and disruption in the region. The length, impact and outcome of this conflict is highly unpredictable; however, the conflict has thus far led to, and could continue to lead to, significant market and other disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability in financial markets, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability and changes in consumer or purchaser preferences, as well as an increase in cyberattacks and espionage. Additionally, sanctions or other measures implemented by other countries, as well as potential responses from Russia and other countries, could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, political instability or adverse political developments and new or continued economic deterioration, including as a result to the withdrawal by many global central banks of stimulus measures deployed during the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic, in any of the countries in which we operate could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 We face exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 While we have historically transacted in U.S. dollars with the majority of our customers and vendors, we have transacted in some foreign currencies with such parties and for our payroll in those foreign jurisdictions where we have operations, and expect to continue to transact in more foreign currencies in the future. Accordingly, declines in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar can adversely affect our revenue and results of operations due to remeasurement that is reflected in our earnings. Also, fluctuations in the values of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar could make it more difficult to detect underlying trends in our business and results of operations. 
 We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering and similar laws. Non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal and/or civil liability and harm our business. 
 We must comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations imposed by governments around the world with jurisdiction over our operations, which may include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 Bribery Act ), as well as the laws of the countries where we do business. These laws and regulations apply to companies, individual directors, officers, employees and agents, and may restrict our operations, trade practices, investment decisions and partnering activities. Where they apply, the FCPA and the Bribery Act prohibit us and our officers, directors, employees and business partners acting on our behalf, including joint venture partners and agents, from corruptly offering, promising, authorizing or providing anything of value to public officials for the purposes of influencing official decisions or obtaining or retaining business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. The Bribery Act also prohibits non-governmental commercial bribery and accepting bribes. As part of our business, we may deal with governments and state-owned business enterprises, the employees and representatives of which may be considered public officials for purposes of the FCPA and the Bribery Act. We also are subject to the jurisdiction of various governments and regulatory agencies around the world, which may bring our personnel and agents into contact with public officials responsible for issuing or renewing permits, licenses or approvals or for enforcing other governmental regulations. In addition, some of the international locations in which we operate lack a developed legal system and have elevated levels of corruption. 
 Our wholly owned subsidiary, Expensify Payments LLC, is registered as a Money Services Business with the U.S. Department of Treasury s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN ), and subject to regulatory oversight and enforcement by FinCEN under the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 BSA ). Among other things, the BSA requires money services businesses to develop and implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs, report large cash transactions and suspicious activity and maintain transaction records. The BSA prohibits, among other things, our involvement in transferring the proceeds of criminal activities. Regulators in the United States and globally may require us to further revise or expand our compliance program, including the procedures we use to verify the identity of our customers and to monitor international and domestic transactions. In addition, we are contemplating offering certain products in the future that may require us to obtain licenses to operate as a money transmitter (or its equivalent) in various states and territories where such licenses are required. We have already obtained such licenses in certain states and have pending license applications in others. If we are unable to obtain a license to operate as a money transmitter, our ability to grow certain of our services may be limited. As a licensed money transmitter, we would be subject to obligations and restrictions with respect to the handling and investment of customer funds, record keeping and reporting requirements, bonding requirements and inspection by state regulatory agencies. 
 There are substantial costs and potential changes to our offerings involved in obtaining, maintaining and renewing these licenses and registrations. We could be subject to significant fines or other enforcement actions if we are found to violate disclosure, reporting, anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions, corporate governance and internal controls, banking secrecy, or other laws and requirements. These factors could involve considerable delay to the development or provision of our offerings or services, require significant and costly operational changes, impose restrictions, 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 limitations, or additional requirements on our business, or prevent us from providing our offerings or services in a given geography. 
 Our business also must be conducted in compliance with applicable economic and trade sanctions and export control laws and regulations, such as those administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the United Nations Security Council and other relevant sanctions authorities, which impose restrictions or prohibitions on the sale or supply of certain products or services to embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments, persons, and entities. Although we take precautions to prevent our platform from being provided in violation of such laws, our platform may have been in the past, and could in the future be, provided inadvertently in violation of such laws, despite the precautions we take. Our global operations expose us to the risk of violating, or being accused of violating, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control and economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations may expose us to reputational harm as well as significant penalties, including criminal fines, imprisonment, civil fines, disgorgement of profits, injunctions and debarment from government contracts, as well as other remedial measures. Investigations of alleged violations can be expensive and disruptive. Despite our compliance efforts and activities we cannot assure compliance by our employees or representatives for which we may be held responsible, and any such violation could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We receive, process, store and use business and personal information, which subjects us to governmental regulation and other legal obligations related to data protection and security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business and expose us to liability. 
 We receive, process, store and use business and personal information belonging to our members and customers. There are numerous federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and standards regarding data protection and the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of business and personal information, and we may be subject to these laws in certain circumstances. Most states have also adopted data security breach laws that require notice be given to affected consumers in the event of a security breach. In the event of a security breach, our compliance with these laws may subject us to costs associated with notice and remediation, as well as potential investigations from federal regulatory agencies and state attorneys general. These laws continue to evolve in scope and are subject to differing interpretations, and may contain inconsistencies or pose conflicts with other legal requirements. We seek to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, legal obligations and industry standards and have developed privacy policies, data processing addenda and internal privacy procedures to reflect our practices designed to achieve such compliance. However, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. A failure on our part to safeguard consumer data adequately or to destroy data securely or otherwise comply with legal obligations may subject us, depending on the personal information in question, to costs associated with notice and remediation, as well as potential regulatory investigations or enforcement actions, and possibly to civil liability, under federal, state, or foreign laws or regulation, industry standards, our internal privacy policies and procedures, or our contracts governing our processing of personal information claims by third parties, and damage to our reputation, any of which could have an adverse effect on our operations, financial performance and business. We could also incur significant costs investigating and defending such claims and, if we are found liable, significant damages. 
 Data protection regulation is an area of increased focus and changing requirements. Any significant change in applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding the use or disclosure of our members or customers data, or regarding the manner in which the express or implied consent of members or customers for the use and disclosure of such data is obtained, could require us to modify our platform, possibly in a material manner, and may limit our ability to develop new services and features that make use of the data that our members and customers voluntarily share. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 For example, the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") imposes stringent data protection requirements for processing the personal data of individuals within the European Economic Area ("EEA"). The GDPR enhances data protection obligations for processors and controllers of personal information, including, for example, expanded disclosure requirements, limitations on retention of personal information, mandatory data breach notification requirements and additional obligations. Non-compliance with the GDPR can trigger fines of up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of our global revenue. Among other requirements, the GDPR regulates transfers of personal data subject to the GDPR to third countries that have not been found to provide adequate protection to such personal data, including the United States, and the efficacy and longevity of current transfer mechanisms between the E.U. and the United States remains uncertain. For example, in 2016, the E.U. and United States agreed to a transfer framework for data transferred from the E.U. to the United States, called the Privacy Shield, but the Privacy Shield was invalidated in July 2020 by the Court of Justice of the European Union ("CJEU"). The CJEU also raised questions about whether the European Commission s Standard Contractual Clauses, one of the primary mechanisms used by companies to transfer personal information out of the EEA, complies with the GDPR. While the CJEU upheld the validity of the Standard Contractual Clauses, the CJEU ruled that the underlying data transfers must be assessed on a case-by-case basis by the data controller to determine whether the personal information will be adequately protected. At present, there are few if any viable alternatives to the Standard Contractual Clauses and, therefore, there is uncertainty regarding how to ensure that transfers of personal information from Europe to the United States comply with the GDPR. As such, any transfers by us of personal information from Europe may not comply with European data protection laws and may increase our exposure to the GDPR s heightened sanctions for violations of its cross-border data transfer restrictions. Loss of our ability to transfer personal information from Europe may also require us to increase our data processing capabilities in those jurisdictions at significant expense. 
 Further, following the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the E.U. and the end of the related transition period, as of January 1, 2021, companies may be subject to both GDPR and the United Kingdom GDPR, or UK GDPR, which, together with the amended UK Data Protection Act 2018, retains the GDPR in UK national law. The UK GDPR mirrors the fines under the GDPR, imposing fines up to the greater of 20 million 17.5 million) or 4 of global turnover. The relationship between the United Kingdom and the E.U. in relation to certain aspects of data protection law remains unclear, and it is unclear how United Kingdom data protection laws and regulations will develop in the medium to longer term, and how data transfers to and from the United Kingdom will be regulated in the long term. These changes will lead to additional costs and increase our overall risk exposure. Currently there is a four to six-month grace period agreed in the E.U. and United Kingdom Trade and Cooperation Agreement, ending June 30, 2021 at the latest, while the parties discuss an adequacy decision. The European Commission published a draft adequacy decision on February 19, 2021. If adopted, the decision will enable data transfers from E.U. member states to the United Kingdom for a four-year period, subject to subsequent extensions. While we have instituted a GDPR compliance strategy and program that we continue to evaluate and improve as our platform changes and expands, we still do not know how E.U. regulators will interpret or enforce many aspects of the GDPR, and some regulators may do so in an inconsistent manner, making such a prediction even more difficult. 
 In addition to the E.U., a growing number of other global jurisdictions are considering or have passed legislation implementing data protection requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our platform, particularly as we expand our operations internationally. Some of these laws, such as the General Data Protection Law in Brazil, or the Act on the Protection of Personal Information in Japan, impose similar obligations as those under the GDPR. Others, such as those in Russia, India and China, could potentially impose more stringent obligations, including data localization requirements. If we are unable to develop and offer features that meet legal requirements or help our members and customers meet their obligations under the laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection, or information security, or if we violate or are perceived to violate any laws, regulations, or other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, or information security, we may experience reduced demand for our platform, 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 harm to our reputation and become subject to investigations, claims and other remedies, which would expose us to significant fines, penalties and other damages, all of which would harm our business. Further, given the breadth and depth of changes in global data protection obligations, compliance has caused us to expend significant resources, and such expenditures are likely to continue into the future as we continue our compliance efforts and respond to new interpretations and enforcement actions. 
 The data protection landscape is also rapidly growing and evolving in the United States. As our operations and business grow, we may become subject to or affected by new or additional data protection laws and regulations and face increased scrutiny or attention from regulatory authorities. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") came into effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA requires companies that process information on California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices, allows consumers to opt out of certain data sharing with third parties and exercise certain individual rights regarding their personal information, provides a new cause of action for data breaches, and provides for penalties for noncompliance of up to 7,500 per violation. While we are positioned as a service provider under the CCPA with respect to most of our data activities, have conducted a CCPA compliance review process, and do not currently share data with third parties in a way that would be currently considered a sale under the CCPA, some observers have noted that the CCPA could mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States, which means that despite our efforts, an expansive reading of the CCPA could increase our potential liability and adversely affect our business. Additionally, the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA") was recently passed in California. The CPRA will impose additional data protection obligations on covered businesses, including additional consumer rights processes, limitations on data uses, new audit requirements for higher risk data, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It will also create a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. The majority of the CPRA provisions went into effect on January 1, 2023, and additional compliance investment and potential business process changes may be required. Similar laws have been proposed, and likely will be proposed, in other states and at the federal level, and if passed, such laws may have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. For example, on March 2, 2021, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("CDPA") was signed into law. The CDPA became effective January 1, 2023 and contains provisions that require businesses subject to the legislation to conduct data protection assessments in certain circumstances and that require opt-in consent from Virginia consumers to process certain sensitive personal information. 
 Furthermore, the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") and many state Attorneys General continue to enforce federal and state consumer protection laws against companies for online collection, use, dissemination and security practices that appear to be unfair or deceptive. For example, according to the FTC, failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information secure can constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act. The FTC expects a company s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. There are a number of legislative proposals in the United States, at both the federal and state level, and in the E.U. and more globally, that could impose new obligations in areas such as e-commerce and other related legislation or liability for copyright infringement by third parties. We cannot yet determine the impact that these future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. 
 In addition to laws relating to data privacy and security, we are subject to self-regulatory standards and industry certifications that may legally or contractually apply to us. These include the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards ("PCI-DSS") with which we are currently compliant. In the event that we fail to comply with the PCI-DSS, we could be in breach of our obligations under customer and other contracts, fines and other penalties could result, and we may suffer reputational harm and damage to our operations, financial performance, reputation and business. Further, our clients may expect us to 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 comply with more stringent privacy and data security requirements than those imposed by laws, regulations, or self-regulatory requirements, and we may be obligated contractually to comply with additional or different standards relating to our handling or protection of data on or by our offerings. 
 Changes in laws and regulations related to the Internet or changes in the internet infrastructure itself may diminish the demand for our applications, and could have a negative impact on our business. 
 The future success of our business depends upon the continued use of the Internet as a primary medium for commerce, communication and business. Federal, state and foreign government bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws or regulations affecting the use of the Internet as a commercial medium. Changes in these laws or regulations could require us to modify our applications in order to comply with these changes. In addition, government agencies or private organizations may impose taxes, fees or other charges for accessing the Internet or commerce conducted via the Internet. These laws or charges could limit the growth of Internet-related commerce or communications generally, or result in reductions in the demand for Internet-based applications such as ours. 
 In addition, the use of the Internet as a means of conducting business could be adversely affected due to delays in the development or adoption of new standards and protocols to handle increased demands of Internet activity, security, reliability, cost, ease of use, accessibility and quality of service. The performance of the Internet has been adversely affected by viruses, worms and similar malicious programs and the Internet has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damage to portions of its infrastructure. If the use of the Internet is adversely affected by these issues, demand for our applications could suffer. 
 If we fail to manage our technical operations infrastructure, or experience service outages, interruptions, or delays in the deployment of our platform, our results of operations may be harmed. 
 Because our operations involve delivering a suite of preaccounting features to our customers through a cloud-based software platform, our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our platform and related computer equipment, infrastructure and systems to continue to support our features. In the past, we have experienced temporary platform disruptions, outages in our features and degraded levels of performance due to human and software errors, file corruption and capacity constraints associated with the number of customers accessing our platform simultaneously. While our past experiences have not materially impacted us, in the future we may face more disruptions, outages, or performance problems. Factors that may cause such disruptions or problems include: 
 human error; 
 security breaches; 
 telecommunications failures or outages from third-party providers; 
 computer viruses, malware, vulnerability exploits, or cyber-attacks; 
 software errors, failures, vulnerabilities or bugs in our features; 
 acts of terrorism, sabotage or other intentional acts of vandalism; 
 unforeseen interruption or damages; 
 pandemics and epidemics; 
 tornados, fires, earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters; and 
 power loss. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, continued growth in our customer base could place additional demands on our platform and features and could cause or exacerbate slowdowns or interrupt the availability of our platform. As we expand our platform capabilities to other features, like the Expensify Card, those new features may come with different technological demands, like real time transactions. If we are unable to plan or develop our platform accordingly, it could have a negative impact on our business. If there is a substantial increase in the volume of usage across our platform, we will be required to further expand and upgrade our technology and infrastructure. There can be no assurance that we will be able to accurately project the rate or timing of increases, if any, in the use of our platform or expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to accommodate such increases on a timely basis. In such cases, if our members are not able to access our platform and features or encounter slowdowns when doing so, we may lose customers or partners, which would adversely impact our reputation and revenue. Further, any changes in the service levels at our data centers or any errors, defects, disruptions or other performance problems with our network infrastructure may result in lengthy interruptions in the availability of our platform and features. In such cases, we may lose our customers trust and confidence in our platform, and customer and employee data from recent transactions may be permanently lost and we could be exposed to significant claims by clients, particularly if the access interruption is associated with problems in the timely delivery of funds due to employees. In order to remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality and features of our platform and products. Our disaster recovery plan may not be sufficient to address all aspects or any unanticipated consequence or incidents, and our insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for the losses that could occur. 
 We lease the cloud computing infrastructure that we use to host our platform, mobile application and many of the internal tools we use to operate our business. Any significant disruption of, limitation of our access to, or other interference with our use of the cloud services would negatively impact our operations and could seriously harm our business. Our business relies on the availability of our platform for our members and customers, and we may lose members or customers if they are not able to access our platform or encounter difficulties in doing so. 
 In addition, we rely on third-party hosting services, hardware and infrastructure purchased or leased from third parties and software licensed from third parties to operate critical business functions. Our business would be disrupted if any of this third-party hardware, software and infrastructure becomes unavailable on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Furthermore, delays or complications with respect to the transition of critical business functions from one third-party product to another, or any errors or defects in third-party hardware, software, or infrastructure could result in errors or a failure of our platform, which could harm our business and results of operations. 
 Moreover, our platform and features depend on our customers high speed broadband or wireless access to the Internet. Increasing numbers of customers and bandwidth requirements may degrade the performance of our features due to capacity constraints and other Internet infrastructure limitations, and additional network capacity to maintain adequate data transmission speeds may be unavailable or unacceptably expensive. If adequate capacity is not available to us, our features may be unable to achieve or maintain sufficient data transmission, reliability, or performance. In addition, if Internet service providers and other third parties providing Internet services, including incumbent phone companies, cable companies and wireless companies, have outages or suffer deterioration in their quality of service, our customers may not have access to or may experience a decrease in the quality of our platform and features. These providers may take measures that block, degrade, discriminate, disrupt, or increase the cost of customer access to our features. Any of these disruptions to data transmission could lead customers to switch to our competitors or avoid using our features, which could negatively impact our revenue or harm our opportunities for growth. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 We rely upon data centers and other systems and technologies provided by third parties to operate our business, and interruptions or performance problems with these centers, systems and technologies may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We rely on data centers and other technologies and services provided by third parties in order to operate our business. If any of these services becomes unavailable or otherwise is unable to serve our requirements, there could be a delay in activating a mirrored data center or our disaster recovery system. 
 Our business depends on our ability to protect the growing amount of information stored in our data centers and related systems, offices and hosting facilities, against damage from earthquake, floods, fires, other extreme weather conditions, power loss, telecommunications failures, hardware failures, unauthorized intrusion, overload conditions and other events. If our data centers or related systems fail to operate properly or become disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our business, liability to customers, or damage to our reputation. Our response to any type of disaster may not be successful in preventing the loss of customer data, service interruptions and disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. 
 Our data center providers have no obligations to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and it is possible that we will not be able to switch our operations to another provider in a timely and cost effective manner should the need arise. If we are unable to renew our agreements with these providers on commercially reasonable terms, or if in the future we add additional data center facility providers, we may face additional costs or expenses or downtime, which could harm our business. 
 Any unavailability of, or failure to meet our requirements by, third party data centers, technologies, or services, could impede our ability to provide services to our customers, harm our reputation, subject us to potential liabilities, result in contract terminations and adversely affect our customer relationships. Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 If we are unable to ensure that our platform interoperates with a variety of software applications that are developed by others, including our integration partners, we may become less competitive and our business, results of operations and financial condition may be harmed. 
 Our platform must integrate with a variety of hardware and software platforms, and we need to continuously modify and enhance our platform to adapt to changes in hardware, software and browser technologies. In particular, we have developed our platform to be able to easily integrate with third-party applications, including the applications of software providers that compete with us as well as our partners, through the interaction of APIs and/or platforms. In general, we rely on the providers of such software systems to allow us access to their APIs to enable these integrations. We are typically subject to standard terms and conditions of such providers, which govern the distribution, operation and fees of such software systems, and which are subject to change by such providers from time to time. Our business will be harmed if any provider of such software systems: 
 discontinues or limits our access to its software or APIs; 
 modifies its terms of service or other policies, including fees charged to, or other restrictions on us, or other application developers; 
 changes how information is accessed by us or our customers; 
 establishes more favorable relationships with one or more of our competitors; or 
 develops or otherwise favors its own competitive offerings over our platform. 
 Third-party services and products are constantly evolving, and we may not be able to modify our platform to assure its compatibility with that of other third parties. In addition, some of our competitors may be able to disrupt the operations or compatibility of our platform with their products or services, or 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 exert strong business influence on our ability to, and terms on which we operate our platform. Should any of our competitors modify their products or standards in a manner that degrades the functionality of our platform or gives preferential treatment to competitive products or services, whether to enhance their competitive position or for any other reason, the interoperability of our platform with these products could decrease and our business, results of operations and financial condition would be harmed. If we are not permitted or able to integrate with these and other third-party applications in the future, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be harmed. 
 Further, our platform includes a mobile application to enable individuals and organizations to access our platform through their mobile devices. If our mobile application does not perform well, our business will suffer. In addition, our platform interoperates with servers, mobile devices and software applications predominantly through the use of protocols, many of which are created and maintained by third parties. We therefore depend on the interoperability of our platform with such third-party services, mobile devices and mobile operating systems, as well as cloud-enabled hardware, software, networking, browsers, database technologies and protocols that we do not control. The loss of interoperability, whether due to actions of third parties or otherwise, and any changes in technologies that degrade the functionality of our platform or give preferential treatment to competitive services could adversely affect adoption and usage of our platform. Also, we may not be successful in developing or maintaining relationships with key participants in the mobile industry or in ensuring that Expensify operates effectively with a range of operating systems, networks, devices, browsers, protocols and standards. If we are unable to effectively anticipate and manage these risks, or if it is difficult for customers to access and use our platform, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be harmed. 
 We rely on third parties maintaining open marketplaces to distribute our mobile application. If such third parties interfere with the distribution of our platform, our business would be adversely affected. 
 We rely on third parties maintaining open marketplaces, including the Apple App Store and Google Play, which make our mobile application available for download. We cannot assure you that the marketplaces through which we distribute our mobile application will maintain their current structures or that such marketplaces or any new marketplaces will not charge us additional fees to list our application for download. We are also dependent on these third-party marketplaces to enable us and our members to timely update our mobile application, and to incorporate new features, integrations and capabilities. 
 In addition, Apple Inc. and Google, among others, for competitive or other reasons, could stop allowing or supporting access to our mobile application through their products, could allow access for us only at an unsustainable cost, or could make changes to the terms of access in order to make our mobile application less desirable or harder to access. 
 We rely on traditional web search engines and prominence in mobile application marketplaces to drive interest in our platform. If our website fails to rank prominently in organic search results, or our mobile application is not featured prominently in marketplaces, the discoverability of our platform could decline and our business would be adversely affected. 
 Our success depends in part on our discoverability our ability to attract new members through unpaid Internet search results on traditional web search engines such as Google and through the prominence of our mobile application in open marketplaces. The number of members we are able to attract through these platforms is due in large part to how our website ranks in organic search results and how our mobile application ranks against similar applications. These rankings can be affected by a number of factors, many of which are not in our direct control, and they may change frequently. For example, a search engine may change its ranking algorithms, methodologies, or design layouts. As a result, links to our website may not be prominent enough to drive traffic to our website, and we may not know how or otherwise be in a position to influence the results. Any reduction in our discoverability could reduce our revenue or require us to increase our sales and marketing expenditures. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Third parties may claim that our platform infringes their intellectual property rights and this may create liability for us or otherwise adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 There is considerable patent and other intellectual property litigation in our industry. Our competitors, as well as a number of other entities, including non-practicing entities and individuals, may own or claim to own intellectual property relating to our industry. There may be third-party intellectual property rights, including issued or pending patents, that cover significant aspects of our technologies or business methods. As we face increasing competition and our public profile increases, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against us may also increase. From time to time, our competitors or other third parties have claimed, and may in the future claim, that we are infringing upon, misappropriating, or violating their intellectual property rights, even if we are unaware of the intellectual property rights that such parties may claim cover our platform or some or all of the other technologies we use in our business. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop and commercialize our solutions and services without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of third parties. In a patent infringement claim against us, we may assert, as a defense, that we do not infringe the relevant patent claims, that the patent is invalid or both. The strength of our defenses will depend on the patents asserted, the interpretation of these patents, and our ability to invalidate the asserted patents. However, we could be unsuccessful in advancing non-infringement or invalidity arguments in our defense. In the United States, issued patents enjoy a presumption of validity, and the party challenging the validity of a patent claim must present clear and convincing evidence of invalidity, which is a high burden of proof. Conversely, the patent owner need only prove infringement by a preponderance of the evidence, which is a lower burden of proof. We may also be unaware of the intellectual property rights of others that may cover some or all of our technology. Because patent applications can take years to issue and are often afforded confidentiality for some period of time, there may currently be pending applications, unknown to us, that later result in issued patents that could cover one or more of our products and there is also a risk that we could adopt a technology without knowledge of a pending patent application, which technology would infringe a third-party patent once that patent is issued. Any litigation may also involve non-practicing entities or other adverse patent owners that have no relevant solution revenue, and therefore, our patent portfolio may provide little or no deterrence as we would not be able to assert our patents against such entities or individuals. 
 We may also face exposure to third party intellectual property infringement, misappropriation, or violation actions if we engage software engineers or other personnel who were previously engaged by competitors or other third parties and those personnel inadvertently or deliberately incorporate proprietary technology of third parties into our features. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be very time-consuming and expensive to settle or litigate, could cause us to incur significant expenses, pay substantial amounts in damages, ongoing royalty or license fees, or other payments, or could prevent us from offering all or aspects of our platform or using certain technologies, require us to re-engineer all or a portion of our platform or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. The costs of litigation are considerable, and such litigation may divert management and key personnel s attention and resources, which might seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may be required to settle such litigation on terms that are unfavorable to us. For example, a settlement may require us to obtain a license to continue practices found to be in violation of a third party s rights, which may not be available on reasonable terms and may significantly increase our operating expenses. A license to continue such practices may not be available to us at all. As a result, we may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology or practices or discontinue the practices. The development of alternative non-infringing technology or practices would require significant effort and expense. Similarly, if any litigation to which we may be a party fails to settle and we go to trial, we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment that may not be reversible upon appeal. For example, the terms of a judgment may require us to cease some or all of our operations or require the payment of substantial amounts to the other party. Any of these 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 events would cause our business and results of operations to be materially and adversely affected as a result. 
 We are also frequently required to indemnify our reseller partners and customers in the event of any third-party infringement claims against our customers and third parties who offer our platform, and such indemnification obligations may be excluded from contractual limitation of liability provisions that limit our exposure. These claims may require us to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf of our customers and reseller partners, regardless of the merits of these claims. If any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of our customers and reseller partners, may be required to modify our allegedly infringing platform to make it non-infringing, or may be required to obtain licenses for the products used. If we cannot obtain all necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our customers may be forced to stop using our platform, and our reseller partners may be forced to stop selling our platform. 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our success is dependent, in part, upon protecting our intellectual property rights and proprietary information. We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection laws to protect our intellectual property rights and proprietary information. Our trademarks and service marks include EXPENSIFY, SMARTSCAN and various marketing slogans. Additionally, we maintain a policy requiring our employees, consultants, independent contractors and third parties who are engaged to develop any material intellectual property for us to enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements to control access to and use of our proprietary information and to ensure that any intellectual property developed by such employees, contractors, consultants and other third parties are assigned to us. However, we cannot guarantee that the confidentiality and proprietary agreements or other employee, consultant, or independent contractor agreements we enter into adequately protect our intellectual property rights and other proprietary information. In addition, we cannot guarantee that these agreements will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, or that the applicable counter-parties to such agreements will not assert rights to our intellectual property rights or other proprietary information arising out of these relationships. If we lose valuable personnel, our ability to develop, market and support potential features or enhancements could also be hampered, which could severely harm our business. Furthermore, the steps we have taken and may take in the future may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary features or technologies, particularly with respect to officers and employees who are no longer employed by us. 
 Moreover, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe or circumvent our intellectual property rights, and we may not be able to prevent infringement without incurring substantial expense. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management and key personnel, and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. If the protection of our intellectual property rights is inadequate to prevent use or misappropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our platform and methods of operations. Any of these events would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our proprietary rights may be difficult to enforce, which could enable others to copy or use aspects of our platform without compensating us and negatively affect our business. 
 Our future success and competitive position depends in part upon our ability to obtain or maintain certain intellectual property used in our platform. We rely primarily on patent, trademark, copyright and trade secrets laws and confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our technology. While we have been issued patents for certain aspects of our intellectual property in the United States 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 and have additional patent applications pending in the United States, we have not applied for patent protection in foreign jurisdictions, and may be unable to obtain patent protection for the technology covered in our patent applications. In addition, we cannot ensure that any of the patent applications will issue or that the claims allowed on any issued patents will be sufficiently broad to protect our technology or platform and provide us with competitive advantages. Moreover, failure to comply with applicable procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar requirements with the United States Patent and Trademark Office could result in abandonment or lapse of the affected patent, trademark or application. Furthermore, any issued patents may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented by third parties. 
 Many patent applications in the United States may not be public for at least 18 months after they are filed, and since publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature tends to lag behind actual discoveries by several months, we cannot be certain that we will be the first creator of inventions covered by any patent application we make or that we will be the first to file patent applications on such inventions. In addition, recent changes to the patent laws in the United States may bring into question the validity of certain software patents and may make it more difficult and costly to prosecute patent applications. Such changes may lead to uncertainties or increased costs and risks surrounding the prosecution, validity, ownership, enforcement and defense of our issued patents and patent applications and other intellectual property, the outcome of third-party claims of infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of intellectual property brought against us and the actual or enhanced damages (including treble damages) that may be awarded in connection with any such current or future claims, and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We also rely on unpatented proprietary technology. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our technology or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. It is possible that others will independently develop the same or similar technology or otherwise obtain access to our unpatented technology. To protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information, we require employees, consultants and independent contractors to enter into confidentiality agreements. However, such agreements may not be enforceable in full or in part in all jurisdictions and any breach could have a negative effect on our business and our remedy for such breach may be limited. The contractual provisions that we enter into may not prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary technology or intellectual property rights and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary technology or intellectual property rights. As such, we cannot guarantee that the steps taken by us will prevent misappropriation of our technology. We cannot assure you that these agreements will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how, or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation, or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how, or other proprietary information. If we are unable to maintain the proprietary nature of our technologies, our business would be materially adversely affected. 
 We rely on our trademarks, trade names and brand names to distinguish our features from the products of our competitors, and have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks in the United States and certain countries outside the United States. However, occasionally third parties may have already registered identical or similar marks for products or features that also address the software market. As we rely in part on brand names and trademark protection to enforce our intellectual property rights, efforts by third parties to limit use of our brand names or trademarks and barriers to the registration of brand names and trademarks in various countries may restrict our ability to promote and maintain a cohesive brand throughout our key markets. Occasionally trademark offices have taken the view that certain of our trademarks, including SMARTSCAN, are merely descriptive or not inherently protectable. There can also be no assurance that pending or future U.S. or foreign trademark applications will be approved in a timely manner or at all, or that such registrations will effectively protect our brand names and trademarks. Third parties may also oppose our trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. For example, our applications to register KARMA POINTS as a trademark in the European Union and United Kingdom have been opposed by a third party. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged or we do not adequately protect our 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 trademarks, we could be forced to rebrand our platform, which would result in loss of brand recognition and would require us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. 
 Policing unauthorized use of our technology and trademarks is difficult. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as the laws of the United States, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as diligently as government agencies and private parties in the United States. For example, many foreign countries limit the enforceability of patents against certain third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, any patents that we may obtain may provide limited or no benefit. Effective trade secret protection may also not be available in every country in which our features are available or where we have employees or independent contractors. The loss of trade secret protection could make it easier for third parties to compete with our features by copying functionality. In addition, any changes in, or unexpected interpretations of, the trade secret and employment laws in any country in which we operate may compromise our ability to enforce our trade secret and intellectual property rights. From time to time, legal action by us may be necessary to enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights (including aspects of our software and platform protected other than by patent rights), we will find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the additional expense, time and effort required to create our platform and other innovative features that have enabled us to be successful to date. Moreover, we may need to expend additional resources to defend our intellectual property rights in foreign countries, and our inability to do so could impair our business or adversely affect our international expansion. 
 Our use of open source and third-party software could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our features and could subject us to possible litigation. 
 A portion of the technologies we use in our platform, database infrastructure (Bedrock), Expensify.com, Expensify.cash and mobile application incorporate open source software, and we may incorporate open source software in our platform and mobile application in the future. From time to time, companies that use third-party open source software have faced claims challenging the use of such open source software and their compliance with the terms of the applicable open source license. We may be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software, or claiming non-compliance with the applicable open source licensing terms. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public, including authorizing further modification and redistribution, or otherwise be limited in the licensing of our services, each of which could provide an advantage to our competitors or other entrants to the market, allow them to create similar products with lower development effort and time, and ultimately result in a loss of sales for us. While we employ practices designed to monitor our compliance with the licenses of third-party open source software and protect our valuable proprietary source code, we may inadvertently use third-party open source software in a manner that exposes us to claims of non-compliance with the applicable terms of such license, including claims for infringement of intellectual property rights or for breach of contract. Additionally, if a third-party software provider has incorporated open source software into software that we license from such provider, we could be required to disclose source code that incorporates or is a modification of such licensed software. Furthermore, there is an increasing number of open-source software license types, almost none of which have been tested in a court of law, resulting in a dearth of guidance regarding the proper legal interpretation of such license types. If an author or other third party that distributes open source software that we use or license were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of the applicable open source license, we may also have to expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software, incur significant legal expenses defending against such 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 allegations, be subject to significant damages, or be enjoined from the sale of our platform that contained the open source software. 
 In addition, the use of third-party open source software typically exposes us to greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software because open-source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the functionality or origin of the software. Use of open source software may also present additional security risks because the public availability of such software may make it easier for hackers and other third parties to determine how to compromise our platform. Any of the foregoing could be harmful to our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 We license technology from third parties, and our inability to maintain those licenses could harm our business. 
 We rely on software licensed from third parties to offer our platform. In addition, we may need to obtain future licenses from third parties to use intellectual property rights associated with the development of our platform, which might not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Any loss of the right to use any third-party software required for the development and maintenance of our platform or mobile application could result in loss of functionality or availability of our platform or mobile application until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained and integrated. Any errors or defects in third-party software could result in errors or a failure of our platform or mobile application. Licensing technologies from third parties also exposes us to increased risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement due to, among other things, our lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to such technology and the care taken to safeguard against infringement risks. We cannot be certain that our licensors do not or will not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties or that our licensors have or will have sufficient rights to the licensed intellectual property in all jurisdictions in which we may sell our platform. Some of our agreements with our licensors may be terminated by them for convenience, or otherwise provide for a limited term. If we are unable to continue to license technology because of intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties against our licensors or against us, or if we are unable to continue our license agreements or enter into new licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to develop and sell features and services containing or dependent on that technology would be limited, and our business could be harmed. Additionally, if we are unable to license technology from third parties, we may be forced to acquire or develop alternative technology, which we may be unable to do in a commercially feasible manner or at all, and may require us to use alternative technology of lower quality or performance standards. This could limit or delay our ability to offer new or competitive features and increase our costs. Any of the foregoing would disrupt the distribution and sale of subscriptions to our platform and harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Any future litigation against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend. 
 We have in the past and may in the future become subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. We could be subject to claims, lawsuits (including class actions and individual lawsuits), government investigations and other proceedings involving consumer protection, labor and employment, immigration, import and export practices, product labeling, competition, accessibility, securities, tax, marketing and communications practices, commercial disputes, defamation, civil rights infringement, negligence, intellectual property rights infringement, invasion of privacy, product liability, regulatory compliance, or other legal claims, including claims relating to information that is published or made available via our platform. For example, in November 2020, the Federal Election Commission ("FEC") notified us of a number of complaints filed against us in connection with David Barrett's email on October 23, 2020 urging customers to protect democracy. We responded to the complaints in November and December 2020, requesting dismissal of all complaints. On May 31, 2022 we received notice from the FEC clearing us of any wrongdoings in relation to these complaints. However, we cannot assure you that the matter will not result in further complaints, regulatory inquiries or future proceedings. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 The number and significance of our legal disputes and inquiries have increased as we have grown larger, as our business has expanded in scope and geographic reach, and as our features and services have increased in complexity, and we expect the potential for future legal proceedings, claims and disputes will continue to increase. Becoming a public company has raised our public profile, which may result in increased litigation. 
 Regardless of the outcome, legal proceedings might result in substantial costs and may divert management and key personnel s attention and resources, which might seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Plaintiffs may seek, and we may become subject to, preliminary or provisional rulings in the course of litigation, including preliminary injunctions requiring us to cease some or all of our operations. We may decide to settle legal disputes on terms that are unfavorable to us; for example, we may be required to cease some or all of our operations or pay substantial amounts to the other party, which could materially and adversely affect our business. Furthermore, if any litigation to which we are a party is resolved adversely, we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment that we may not choose to appeal or that may not be reversed upon appeal. We may have to seek a license to continue practices found to be in violation of a third party s rights. If we are required, or choose to enter into, royalty or licensing arrangements, such arrangements may not be available on reasonable terms or at all and may significantly increase our operating costs and expenses. As a result, we may also be required to develop or procure alternative non-infringing technology or discontinue use of technology, and doing so could require significant effort and expense or may not be feasible. In addition, insurance might not cover these claims, might not provide sufficient payments to cover all the costs to resolve one or more such claims, and might not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or underinsured could result in unanticipated costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our employees, commercial partners and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees, commercial partners and vendors may engage in fraudulent or illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us that violate: (i) the rules of the applicable regulatory bodies; (ii) data privacy laws or other similar non-United States laws; or (iii) laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by our employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent these activities may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. In addition, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could result in the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, additional integrity reporting and oversight obligations. Whether or not we are successful in defending against any such actions or investigations, we could incur substantial costs, including legal fees, and divert the attention of management in defending ourselves against any of these claims or investigations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may need additional capital, and we cannot be sure that additional financing will be available. 
 In the future, we may raise additional capital through additional debt or equity financings to support our business growth, to respond to business opportunities, challenges, or unforeseen circumstances, or for other reasons. On an ongoing basis, we are evaluating sources of financing and may raise additional capital in the future. Our ability to obtain additional capital will depend on our development efforts, business plans, investor demand, operating performance, the condition of the capital markets, 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 and other factors. We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities, those securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to the rights of existing stockholders, and existing stockholders may experience dilution. Debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which could reduce our operational flexibility or make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. In addition, subject to limited exceptions, our loan and security agreement with Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce ("CIBC restricts us from incurring indebtedness without the prior written consent of the lender. Further, if we are unable to obtain additional capital when required, or are unable to obtain additional capital on satisfactory terms, our ability to continue to support our business growth or to respond to business opportunities, challenges, or unforeseen circumstances would be adversely affected. 
 Our operating activities may be restricted as a result of covenants related to the indebtedness under our existing loan and security agreement and/or future indebtedness, and we may be required to repay the outstanding indebtedness in an event of default, which would have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Our loan and security agreement with CIBC, as amended and restated in September 2021, includes a term loan of up to 75.0 million, which matures in September 2026, and a 25.0 million revolving line of credit, which matures in September 2024. The loan and security agreement subjects us, and any future indebtedness would likely subject us, to various customary covenants, including requirements as to financial reporting, insurance and certain liquidity thresholds and restrictions on our ability to dispose of our business or property, to change our line of business, to liquidate or dissolve, to enter into any change in control transaction, to merge or consolidate with any other entity or to acquire all or substantially all the capital stock or property of another entity, to incur additional indebtedness, to incur liens on our property, to pay any dividends or other distributions on capital stock other than dividends payable solely in capital stock, to redeem capital stock, to engage in transactions with affiliates, to encumber our intellectual property and certain other restrictions on our activities. Our business may be adversely affected by these restrictions on our ability to operate our business. 
 Additionally, our ability to meet our debt obligations and other expenses will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors, many of which we are unable to control. We may be required to repay the outstanding indebtedness under the loan facility if an event of default occurs under the loan and security agreement. Under the loan and security agreement and a credit agreement with CIBC that provides for a 8.3 million amortizing term mortgage, an event of default will occur if, among other things, we fail to make payments under such agreements; we breach certain of our covenants under such agreements, subject to specified cure periods with respect to certain breaches; we or our assets become subject to certain legal proceedings, such as bankruptcy proceedings; we are unable to pay our debts as they become due; or we default on contracts with third parties which would permit CIBC to accelerate the maturity of such indebtedness or that could have a material adverse change on us. We may not have enough available cash or be able to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings to repay such indebtedness at the time any such event of default occurs. CIBC could also exercise its rights as collateral agent to take possession of, and to dispose of, the collateral securing the term loans, which collateral includes substantially all of our personal property (including intellectual property). Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected as a result of any of these events. We may seek to enter into an extension of the loan and security agreement or enter into a new facility with another lender. We may not be able to extend the term or obtain other debt financing on terms that are favorable to us, if at all, and we could be subject to additional restrictions on our business operations. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on satisfactory terms when required, our ability to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be harmed. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, we were not in compliance with all of our debt covenants. Specifically, we were not in compliance with the covenant in our loan and security agreement with CIBC restricting the amount of repurchases of common stock, which includes RSU net share settlements; however, we obtained a waiver from CIBC for our non-compliance with this covenant. We expect to be in compliance with all debt covenants by the end of the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023. However, CIBC may be unwilling to provide such waivers for potential non-compliance in the future and could, as a result, call our outstanding debt obligations immediately which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 Interest rate fluctuations may affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Because a substantial portion of our debt is variable-rate debt, fluctuations in interest rates could have a material effect on our business. We incur higher interest costs if interest rates increase. Interest rates were at historic lows during 2020 and 2021, when the United States Federal Reserve took several steps to protect the economy from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including reducing interest rates to new historic lows. In 2022, the United States Federal Reserve raised interest rates by more than 400 basis points, and there is no guarantee that there will be not be any further increases in the near future. Any such increase in interest costs could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and the levels of cash we maintain for working capital. 
 A failure to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations. Additionally, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, and the market price of our Class A common stock may be seriously harmed. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to develop, maintain and, if required, improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and may continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and investments to strengthen our accounting systems. If any of these new or improved controls and systems do not perform as expected, we may experience material weaknesses in our controls. For fiscal years 2019, 2020 and 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal controls that we had insufficient technical skills to address accounting matters combined with insufficient accounting staff and internal control knowledge to design and implement processes and controls, including the review of the completeness and accuracy of reports used to record journal entries, necessary to ensure material misstatements did not occur. We took certain measures to remediate this material weakness, and it was remediated as of December 31, 2022. However, completion of remediation does not provide assurance that our remediated controls will continue to operate properly or that our financial statements will be free from error. Further, we can give no assurance that any additional material weaknesses or control deficiencies will not arise in the future. Please refer to "Controls and Procedures Remediation Efforts to Address the Previously Disclosed Material Weakness" in Part II, Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within required time periods, could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements and adversely impact our stock price. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an unqualified opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. We could also become subject to litigation or investigations by the stock 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 
 Additionally, our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business, and weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our consolidated financial statements for prior periods. Such failure could also adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we are required to include in our periodic reports that are filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on Nasdaq. 
 Pursuant to Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our independent registered public accounting firm has provided an attestation report regarding our internal control over financial reporting. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenses and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As a result of the complexity involved in complying with the rules and regulations applicable to public companies, our management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, and we may need to expend additional significant resources, each of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in the section titled Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements include those related to the useful lives and recoverability of long-lived assets, the fair value of common stock prior to being a publicly traded company and stock-based compensation expense, as well as those used to allocate our employee and employee related expense, which consist of contractor costs, employee salary and wages, stock-based compensation and travel and other employee-related costs, to their appropriate financial statement line items due to our generalist model and organizational structure. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our business and financial performance may differ from any projections that we disclose or any information that may be attributed to us by third parties. 
 From time to time, we may provide guidance via public disclosures regarding our projected business or financial performance. However, any such projections involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties, and our actual results could differ materially from such projections. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified in these risk factors, some or all of which are not predictable or within our control. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could adversely impact our performance, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 projections, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In addition, various news sources, bloggers and other publishers often make statements regarding our historical or projected business or financial performance, and you should not rely on any such information even if it is attributed directly or indirectly to us. Moreover, we may choose not to provide guidance regarding our projected business or financial performance, which may have an adverse impact on our stock price. 
 Our international operations subject us to potentially adverse tax consequences. 
 We report our taxable income in various jurisdictions worldwide based upon our business operations in those jurisdictions. Our intercompany relationships are subject to complex transfer pricing regulations administered by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions. The relevant taxing authorities may disagree with our determinations as to the value of assets sold or acquired or income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such a disagreement were to occur, and our position were not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows and lower overall profitability of our operations. 
 We could be required to collect additional sales, use, value-added and other indirect taxes, or be subject to other tax liabilities in various jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 The application of indirect taxes, such as sales and use, value-added tax, provincial, goods and services, business, digital services and gross receipts taxes, to businesses like ours is a complex and evolving issue. Significant judgment is required to evaluate applicable tax obligations and, as a result, amounts recorded are estimates and are subject to adjustments. In many cases, the ultimate tax determination is uncertain because it is not clear when and how new and existing statutes might apply to our business. If we are found to have not adequately addressed our tax obligations, our business could be adversely impacted. 
 The U.S. Supreme Court held in South Dakota v. Wayfair that a U.S. state may require an online retailer to collect sales taxes imposed by the state in which the buyer is located, even if the retailer has no physical presence in that state, thus permitting a wider enforcement of such sales tax collection requirements. If our calculation, collection and remittance of taxes in the jurisdictions in which we do business were determined to be deficient, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. A successful assertion by a taxing authority that we should collect additional sales, use or other taxes or remit such taxes directly to states could result in substantial tax liabilities for past sales and additional administrative expenses, which could seriously harm our business. 
 Changes in our effective tax rate or tax liability may adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our effective tax rate could increase due to several factors, including: 
 changes in the relative amounts of income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate due to differing statutory tax rates in various jurisdictions; 
 changes in tax laws, tax treaties and regulations or the interpretation of them; 
 changes to our assessment about our ability to realize our deferred tax assets that are based on estimates of our future results, the prudence and feasibility of possible tax planning strategies and the economic and political environments in which we do business; 
 the outcome of future tax audits, examinations, or administrative appeals; and 
 limitations or adverse findings regarding our ability to do business in some jurisdictions. 
 Any of these developments could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to the Multiple Class Structure of Our Common Stock and the Voting Trust Agreement 
 The multiple class structure of our common stock and the ownership of all of our LT10 and LT50 common stock by Trust Beneficiaries through the Voting Trust have the effect of concentrating voting control with the Voting Trust for the foreseeable future, which will limit your ability to influence corporate matters, including a change in control. We are controlled by the Voting Trust, whose interests may differ from those of our public stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also delegates significant authority to an Executive Committee. 
 Each share of our LT10 and LT50 common stock is entitled to 10 and 50 votes per share, respectively, and each share of our Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share. All shares of LT10 and LT50 common stock are held directly by the Voting Trust established in connection with our initial public offering pursuant to a voting trust agreement Voting Trust Agreement ). As of December 31, 2022, the Voting Trust held approximately 7,336,191 and 6,854,931 shares of LT10 and LT50 common stock, respectively, representing approximately 17.2 of the economic interest and 85.9 of the voting power of outstanding capital stock. All decisions with respect to the voting (but not the disposition) of shares held in the Voting Trust from time to time will be made by the trustees of the Voting Trust ("Trustees") in their sole and absolute discretion, and with no responsibility under the Voting Trust Agreement as stockholder, trustee or otherwise, except for his or her own individual malfeasance. The Voting Trust and its Trustees will, for the foreseeable future, have significant influence over our corporate management and affairs, and will be able to control virtually all matters requiring stockholder approval. The Voting Trust is able to, subject to applicable law, elect all of the members of our Board of Directors and control actions to be taken by us and our Board of Directors, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, compensation matters and approval of significant corporate transactions, including mergers and sales of substantially all of our assets. The directors so elected will have the authority, subject to the terms of our indebtedness and applicable rules and regulations, to issue additional stock, implement stock repurchase programs, declare dividends and make other decisions. This concentrated control will limit your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future and may materially adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. It is possible that the interests of the Voting Trust may, in some circumstances, conflict with our interests and the interests of our other stockholders, including you. For example, the Voting Trust may have different tax positions or other differing incentives from other stockholders that could influence its decisions regarding whether and when to cause us to dispose of assets, incur new or refinance existing indebtedness, or take other actions. Additionally, the Voting Trust and the holders of our LT10 and LT50 common stock may cause us to make strategic decisions or pursue acquisitions that could involve risks to you or may not be aligned with your interests. 
 Additionally, for as long as the Voting Trust holds securities representing at least 50 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation delegates to the Executive Committee all of the power and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of our business and affairs, provided that the Executive Committee will not have power or authority in reference to (i) matters that must be approved by the Audit Committee of the board, (ii) matters that must be approved by a committee qualified to grant equity to persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act for purposes of exempting transactions pursuant to Section 16b-3 thereunder, (iii) matters required under Delaware law to be approved by the full Board of Directors, or (iv) as otherwise required by SEC rules and the rules of Nasdaq. The members of the Executive Committee currently are, and their successors are generally expected to be directors who are also our employees, and the Executive Committee currently consists of David Barrett, Ryan Schaffer, Anu Muralidharan, Jason Mills and Daniel Vidal. 
 The concentrated control is also likely to have the effect of limiting the likelihood of an unsolicited merger proposal, unsolicited tender offer, or proxy contest for the removal of directors. As a result, our 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 governance structure and the Voting Trust may have the effect of depriving our stockholders of an opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over prevailing market prices and make it more difficult to replace our directors and management. 
 Delaware law could also require holders of our LT10 and LT50 common stock to vote separately as a single class in the event we seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to increase or decrease the par value of a class of our common stock or in a manner that alters or changes the powers, preferences or special rights of LT10 or LT50 common stock in a manner that affects its holders adversely. Future transfers by holders of LT10 and LT50 common stock may result in those shares converting on a one-for-one basis to Class A common stock, which will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of LT10 and LT50 common stock who retain their shares. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq listing standards and, as a result, will qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. You will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 
 The Voting Trust controls a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. As a result, we qualify as a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq. Under these rules, a listed company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirement that a majority of the Board of Directors consist of independent directors, the requirement that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors, and the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors. 
 We intend to rely on some or all of these exceptions. As a result, we do not have a majority of independent directors, we do not have a nominating and corporate governance committee, and the members of our compensation committee are not independent directors. Accordingly, you do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. 
 The multiple class structure of our common stock features certain provisions that are novel or uncommon among other corporations with multiple class structures. 
 A number of provisions relating to the multiple class structure of our common stock are novel or uncommon among other corporations with multiple class structures. For example, whenever a holder of LT10 or LT50 common stock desires to transfer or convert shares of his or her LT10 or LT50 common stock, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the Voting Trust Agreement contain certain provisions that require, subject to certain exceptions, the trustees of the Voting Trust to attempt to find a holder of shares of Class A common stock to exchange such shares for such shares of LT10 or LT50 common stock, and such shares of LT10 or LT50 common stock will only convert into shares of Class A common stock if no such Class A stockholder is identified. As a result, shares of our LT10 and LT50 common stock may convert into shares of Class A common stock at a slower rate. 
 We cannot predict the impact our capital structure, governance structure, and the concentrated control by the Voting Trust may have on our stock price or business. 
 We cannot predict whether our multiple share class capital structure, combined with the concentrated control by the Voting Trust and other aspects of our governance structure, will result in a lower trading price or greater fluctuations in the trading price of our Class A common stock, or will result in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. The holding of low-voting stock, such as our Class A common stock, may not be permitted by the investment policies of certain institutional investors or may be less attractive to the portfolio managers of certain institutional investors. For example, in July 2017, FTSE Russell, a provider of widely followed stock indexes, stated that it plans to require new constituents of 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 its indexes to have at least five percent of their voting rights in the hands of public stockholders. In addition, in July 2017, S P Dow Jones, another provider of widely followed stock indexes, stated that companies with multiple share classes will not be eligible for certain of their indexes. As a result, our Class A common stock will likely not be eligible for these stock indexes. We cannot assure you that other stock indexes will not take a similar approach to FTSE Russell or S P Dow Jones in the future. Exclusion from indexes could make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors and, as a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 Our share price may be volatile. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock is likely to be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to the risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and others beyond our control, including: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations; 
 our actual or anticipated operating performance and the operating performance of our competitors; 
 changes in the financial projections we provide to the public or our failure to meet these projections; 
 failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet the estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 any major change in our Board of Directors, management, or key personnel; 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole; 
 the economy as a whole in the United States and internationally, and market conditions in our industry; 
 rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant innovations, new products, services, features, integrations, or capabilities, acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 
 the legal and regulatory landscape and changes in the application of existing laws or adoption of new laws that impact our business; 
 legal and regulatory claims, litigation, or pre-litigation disputes and other proceedings; 
 the economic, political, and social impact of, and uncertainty relating to, the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 changes in our capital structure; 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events; and 
 sales or expected sales of our Class A common stock by us, our officers, directors, principal stockholders and employees. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Stock prices of many companies, including technology companies, have fluctuated in a manner often unrelated to the operating performance of those companies. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of stock volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Future sales of our Class A common stock in the public market could cause our share price to fall. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur in large quantities, could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. As of December 31, 2022, we had 68,238,245 shares of Class A common stock outstanding, 7,336,191 shares of LT10 common stock outstanding and 6,854,931 shares of LT50 common stock outstanding. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation imposes transfer restrictions on shares of our LT10 and LT50 common stock. 
 There were 6,130,735 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of options outstanding as of December 31, 2022. We registered all of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options, restricted stock units ("RSUs") issued following our initial public offering ("IPO") or other equity incentives we may grant in the future, for public resale under the Securities Act. The shares of Class A common stock will become eligible for sale in the public market to the extent such options, RSUs or other equity awards are exercised, subject to the lock-up agreements described above and compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 We may issue our shares of common stock or securities convertible into our common stock from time to time in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Increases in interest rates may cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Increases in interest rates, like what has been experienced recently, may cause a corresponding decline in demand for equity investments. Any such increase in interest rates or reduction in demand for our Class A common stock resulting from other relatively more attractive investment opportunities may cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our current indebtedness, including our loan and security agreement with CIBC, contains, and our future indebtedness may contain, restrictions on our ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Executive Committee, for as long as the Voting Trust controls a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock, and at the discretion of our Board of Directors thereafter. Accordingly, investors in our Class A common stock must rely on sales of their Class A common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. 
 Future sales and issuances of our Class A common stock or rights to purchase our Class A common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, or other equity securities or securities convertible into our Class A common stock, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause the stock price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 In the future, we may sell Class A common stock, convertible securities, or other equity securities, including preferred securities, in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 time to time. We also expect to issue Class A common stock to employees, consultants and directors pursuant to our equity incentive plans. If we sell Class A common stock, convertible securities, or other equity securities in subsequent transactions, or Class A common stock or LT10 or LT50 common stock is issued pursuant to equity incentive plans, investors may be materially diluted. New investors in subsequent transactions could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt and could also reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, contain and Delaware law contains provisions which could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our Board of Directors. Our corporate governance documents include provisions: 
 authorizing blank check preferred stock, which could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock; 
 eliminating the ability of our stockholders to take action by consent in lieu of a meeting following the date on which the Voting Trust holds less than a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock; 
 requiring advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders and for nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors; 
 providing to our Board of Directors the exclusive right to determine the size of the board, and providing that any vacancies or newly created seats on the board may only be filled by the Board of Directors, unless the board determines that such vacancies be filled by the stockholders; 
 maintaining our current multi-class structure; and 
 limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers. 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management. 
 As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the Delaware General Corporation Law ), which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding common stock from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding common stock. 
 Any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 
 Claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated bylaws and our indemnification agreements that we have entered or intend to enter into with our directors and officers provide that: 
 we will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at our request, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful; 
 we may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law; 
 we are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification; 
 the rights conferred in our amended and restated bylaws are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors, officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons; and 
 we may not retroactively amend our amended and restated bylaw provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors, officers, employees and agents. 
 While we have procured directors and officers liability insurance policies, such insurance policies may not be available to us in the future at a reasonable rate, may not cover all potential claims for indemnification, and may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for an exclusive forum in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware for certain disputes between us and our stockholders, and that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court of the State of Delaware) is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, other employees, agents or stockholders to us or our stockholders, any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws (as either may be amended or restated) or as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware; provided that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act to the extent that the Exchange Act confers exclusive federal jurisdiction over such claims, subject to applicable law. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against us or any of our directors, officers, or employees arising under the Securities Act. 
 We believe these provisions may benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws by chancellors and judges, as applicable, particularly experienced in resolving corporate disputes, efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other forums and protection against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. This 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision that will be contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We no longer qualify as an "emerging growth company," meaning we will be required to comply with certain provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As a result, we can no longer take advantage of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies. 
 We no longer qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the "JOBS Act"). As a result, we are no longer are entitled to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure and compliance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies. Subject to certain grace periods, we are now required to: 
 engage an independent registered public accounting firm to provide an attestation report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 
 submit certain executive compensation matters to stockholder advisory votes; and 
 comply with increased disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. 
 Consequently, we are no longer able to take advantage of cost savings associated with the JOBS Act. Furthermore, if the additional requirements applicable to non-emerging growth companies divert the attention of our management from other business concerns, such requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur complying with these requirements. If we are unable to satisfy our new obligations as a non-emerging growth company, we could also be subject to the delisting of our Class A common stock, fines, sanctions and other regulatory action, as well as potential civil litigation. 
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"), the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the SEC and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified board members. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the listing standards of Nasdaq and other applicable securities rules and regulations. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. Furthermore, several members of our management team do not have prior experience in running a public company. For example, the 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and results of operations. As a result of the complexity involved in complying with the rules and regulations applicable to public companies, our management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although we have already hired additional employees to assist us in complying with these requirements, we may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants, which will increase our operating expenses. In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest substantial resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from business operations to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. Being a public company that is subject to these new rules and regulations makes it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board of Directors, particularly members who can serve on our audit committee, and qualified executive officers. As a result of the disclosure obligations required of a public company, our business and financial condition will become more visible, which may result in an increased risk of threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, would divert the resources of our management and harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if our operating results do not meet the expectations of the investor community, one or more of the analysts who cover our company may change their recommendations regarding our company, and our stock price could decline. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 In the United States, our company has offices in Portland, Oregon, San Francisco, California, Ironwood, Michigan and New York City, New York. We own our office space in Portland, which consists of approximately 38,500 square feet. Our office space in San Francisco, consisting of approximately 10,500 square feet, is leased through May 31, 2023. Our office space in Ironwood, consisting of approximately 2,700 square feet, is leased through April 30, 2023. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 We also lease co-working spaces in New York City, New York and London, United Kingdom. We give all employees the ability to rent a co-working space if we do not provide one. 
 We intend to procure additional space or expand existing facilities in the future as we continue to add employees and expand geographically. We believe our facilities are adequate and suitable for our current needs and that, should it be needed, suitable additional or alternative space on commercially reasonable terms will be available to accommodate our operations. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are involved in various legal proceedings arising from the normal course of business activities. We are not presently a party to any litigation the outcome of which, we believe, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. We have received, and may in the future continue to receive, claims from third parties asserting, among other things, infringement of their intellectual property rights. Defending such proceedings is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees. We may receive unfavorable preliminary or interim rulings in the course of litigation, and there can be no assurances that favorable final outcomes will be obtained. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, any litigation can have an adverse impact on our company as a result of defense and settlement costs, the diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 MARKET INFORMATION FOR CLASS A COMMON STOCK 
 Our Class A Common Stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "EXFY" since November 10, 2021. Our LT10 and LT50 common stock are neither listed nor publicly traded. 
 HOLDERS OF OUR COMMON STOCK 
 As of March 3, 2023 there were 28 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock. This number does not include beneficial owners whose shares are held by nominees in street name. 
 As of March 3, 2023 the Expensify Voting Trust held all of the outstanding shares of our LT10 common stock and LT50 common stock. 
 DIVIDEND POLICY 
 We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business, and therefore we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on any class of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors (or duly authorized committee thereof, including our Executive Committee), subject to compliance with contractual restrictions and covenants in the agreements governing our current and future indebtedness, including our loan and security agreement with CIBC. Any such determination will also depend upon our business prospects, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements and availability, and other factors that our Executive Committee or our Board of Directors may deem relevant. The holders of our Class A, LT10 and LT50 common stock are entitled to receive dividends if, as and when declared from time to time by our Board of Directors out of legally available funds. 
 RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 
 None. 
 ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our purchases of shares of Class A common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 Total number of shares purchased Weighted-average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced programs Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares that may yet be purchased under the program(1) October 1 - 31, 2022 50,000,000 November 1 - 30, 2022 599,080 10.00 599,080 44,000,000 December 1 - 31, 2022 44,000,000 Total 599,080 599,080 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 (1) On May 12, 2022, we announced the approval of a share repurchase program with authorization to purchase up to 50.0 million of our Class A common stock at management s discretion. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date, does not obligate us to repurchase any specific number of shares and may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time at our discretion. 
 PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference into any filing of Expensify, Inc. under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our Class A common stock with the cumulative total return on the Nasdaq Composite Index NASDAQ ), S P 500 Index S P 500 ), and the S P 500 Information Technology Index S P 500 IT ). The graph assumes 100 was invested at the market close on November 10, 2021, which was the first day our Class A common stock began trading. Data for the Nasdaq Composite Index, S P 500 Index, and S P 500 Information Technology Index assume reinvestment of dividends. The graph uses the closing market price on November 10, 2021 of 41.06 per share as the initial value of our Class A common stock. The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our Class A common stock. 

Item 6. [Reserved.] 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs involving risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors and in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. A discussion of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 can be found in "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Expensify is a cloud-based expense management software platform that helps the smallest to the largest businesses simplify the way they manage money. Every day, people from all walks of life in organizations around the world use Expensify to scan and reimburse receipts from flights, hotels, coffee shops, office supplies and ride shares. Since our founding in 2008, we have added over 12 million members to our community and processed and automated over 1.4 billion expense transactions on our platform as of December 31, 2022, freeing people to spend less time managing expenses and more time doing the things they love. For the year ended December 31, 2022, an average of 779,000 paid members across 53,000 companies and over 200 countries and territories used Expensify to make money easy. 
 Initial Public Offering 
 In November 2021, we closed our initial public offering ("IPO") of 11,190,392 shares of our Class A common stock at 0.0001 par value per share ("Class A common stock"), in which we sold 2,608,696 shares of Class A common stock, and the selling stockholders sold 8,581,696 shares of Class A common stock, including 1,459,616 shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares, at an IPO price of 27.00 per share. We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock in the offering by the selling stockholders. We received aggregate net proceeds of approximately 57.5 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately 4.9 million and offering costs of approximately 8.0 million. 
 
 OUR BUSINESS MODEL 
 Our employee-centric product strategy, viral and bottom-up business model, word-of-mouth adoption and unique company culture come together to drive value for our members and a competitive advantage for us. We believe that if we remain hyper-focused on our end-user members, and build great products, our members will continue to drive adoption. 
 We primarily generate revenue from annual subscriptions to our cloud-based platform, driven by the number of paid members active on a monthly basis. Individuals or companies pay for subscriptions on behalf of themselves, their employees and contractors, who we collectively refer to as members. We define a customer as any member who pays for themselves and zero or more other members, grouped into one or more "expense policies." This might be an individual, an entire company, or a department of 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 a larger company. The definition of customer inherently excludes sole proprietors on Track or Submit plans. 
 We monetize transactions from the Expensify Card by receiving a percentage of the interchange for all spend on the card. As we expand our platform, we intend to increase the number of integrations and to more actively promote the Expensify Card with complementary use cases beyond expense management to both new and existing customers to drive increased adoption. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Our performance depends on many factors, including the following: 
 INVESTING IN PRODUCT-LED GROWTH 
 We are focused on continuing to grow the number of paid members on our platform. Relative to other software companies, we invest more in product development and less in sales. This investment in product allows us to develop easy-to-use but powerful features that encourage adoption of our platform. Our ability to grow our paid members depends on our viral, bottom-up adoption cycle that starts with an individual employee. After downloading our free app to submit expenses and realizing the benefits of Expensify, our enthusiastic members champion our platform internally, spread it via word-of-mouth or invites to other employees and often convince decision makers to adopt Expensify company-wide. In order to continue to grow, we believe we must continue prioritizing investments in our platform to delight our members and drive viral expansion. 
 CONTINUING TO CONVERT FREE MEMBERS 
 Our success depends on converting users who try the free aspects of the Expensify platform into paid members. While our viral model means that employees or contractors often introduce Expensify into SMBs, companies subscribe and pay for the majority of our paid members. 
 INVESTING TO MAINTAIN MARKET CONSENSUS 
 Our viral and word-of-mouth adoption model is effective in part because we have established ourselves as a recognized leader in expense management for SMBs. We deploy large scale brand advertising to promote our platform superiority and create market consensus that Expensify is the category leader for expense management software. Additionally, in 2023 we are hosting our third ExpensiCon, an invite-only, all-expenses paid industry conference, with the goal of increasing our market consensus among our Approved! Accounting partners and increasing adoption of our platform. We believe investing in market consensus enables us to focus on creating great viral features for our members rather than relying on low-margin, unscalable activities of traditional sales and marketing to drive customer acquisition. 
 RETAINING EXISTING CUSTOMERS 
 Expense management touches many functions across a company. To provide a seamless experience for our customers, we integrate with accounting, ERP and travel software used by SMBs and their employees every day. We also have frictionless integrations with many of the technology providers that generate the most receipts for our members, such as Uber and Lyft. Expensify delivers an expense management platform that we believe customers like, and that embeds us within organizations. Because of these two factors, we have historically enjoyed high customer retention rates that often outperform enterprise retention rates. We believe an additional factor that drives our retention rates is that SMBs generally re-evaluate their technology solutions less frequently, and as such, there is rarely a conscious choice to choose to continue using Expensify for another year. 
 Gross logo retention and net seat retention are important indicators of customer satisfaction and usage of our platform. We calculate our gross logo retention rate as of the end of a period by using (a) the number of distinct companies who have ever had five or more paid members paying for a subscription 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 during the period ending one year prior as the denominator and (b) the number of those same companies that are still paying for at least one subscription during the more recent period as the numerator. In both 2022 and 2021, our annual gross logo retention was 83 . We calculate our net seat retention rate as of the end of a period by using (a) the number of paid member seats from companies who have ever had five or more paid members paying for a subscription during the period ending one year prior as the denominator and (b) the number of paid member seats at those same companies during the more recent period as the numerator. In 2022 and 2021, our net seat retention was 108 and 93 , respectively. Our growth will depend on our ability to continue to retain existing customers. 
 INTRODUCING FEATURES TO EXPAND OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH EXISTING CUSTOMERS 
 We fully launched the Expensify Card in 2020 and, despite pullback in corporate expenses with the COVID-19 pandemic, customers began adopting the card. Going forward, we intend to more actively promote the Expensify Card to both new and existing customers to drive increased adoption. Outside of the Expensify Card, we have invested, and will continue to invest, in developing features complementary and adjacent to expense management. At most companies, not every employee generates expenses that would be submitted via an expense report on a monthly basis. As we add additional features that are used by all employers, we have the potential to monetize the segment of our customers employees that are not submitting expense reports. 
 MACROECONOMIC TRENDS 
 Our business and the operations of our customers, the majority of which are SMBs, was disrupted by the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, after a steady increase in paid members over multiple years, the average number of paid members on our platform declined in 2020. However, while the full lasting impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and SMBs in particular remains uncertain, we have seen our average paid members increase to levels that surpass those of March 2020 when the pandemic began as economies have reopened and business travel resumed. 
 See the section titled "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of the possible impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Additionally, potential challenging macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures, rising interest rates and foreign currency fluctuations, and the resulting impact on business continuity and travel, could negatively impact our business. 
 CASH BONUSES 
 In June 2021 for our named executive officers, and in July 2021 for all other employees, we determined that we would pay a cash bonus to each of our employees in a value that approximated the cost of each employee exercising 45 of their total stock options, limited by the total stock options outstanding and held by each existing employee as of June 15, 2021, including the tax withholding applicable to each employee. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded bonus expenses related to the employee stock option exercise cash bonus of 48.4 million. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue from subscription fees based on the usage of our cloud-based expense management software platform under arrangements paid monthly in arrears that are either month-to-month which can be terminated by either party without penalty at any time or annual arrangements based on a minimum number of monthly members. Annual subscription customers who wish to terminate their contracts before the end of the term are required to pay the remaining obligation in full plus any fees or penalties set forth in the agreement. In May 2020, we updated our terms of service whereby annual contracts became non-cancelable. We charge our customers subscription fees for access to our platform based on the number of monthly active members and level of service. The contractual price is based on either negotiated fees or rates published on our website. We generate most of our revenue from customers who have a credit card or debit card on file with us that is automatically charged each month. Virtually all of our customers have a standard terms of service contract, with the few exceptions on bespoke service contracts. 
 Our contracts with our customers include two performance obligations: access to the hosted software service, inclusive of all features available within the platform, and the related customer support. We account for the platform access and the support as a combined performance obligation because they have the same pattern of transfer over the same period and are therefore delivered concurrently. We satisfy our performance obligation over time each month as we provide platform access and support services to customers and as such recognize revenue over time. We recognize revenue net of applicable taxes imposed on the related transaction. 
 We began offering a cashback rewards program to all customers based on volume of Expensify Card transactions and software as a service ("SaaS") subscription tier in August 2021. Cashback rewards are earned on a monthly basis and are paid out the following month. We consider our cashback payments to customers as consideration payable to a customer, and the payments are recorded as contra revenue within Revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We also record a cashback rewards liability that represents the consideration payable to customers for earned cashback rewards. The cashback rewards fluctuate over time as customers meet eligibility requirements in conjunction with the applicable SaaS subscription tier of each customer and the timing of payments made to customers. 
 Cost of Revenue, Net 
 Cost of revenue, net primarily consists of expenses related to hosting our service, including the costs of data center capacity, credit card processing fees, third-party software license fees, outsourcing costs to support customer service and outsourcing costs to support and process our patented scanning technology, net of consideration from a vendor. Additional costs include amortization of finance right-of-use assets, amortization expense on capitalized software development costs and personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation and employee costs attributable to supporting our customers and maintenance of our platform. 
 Consideration from a vendor is related to the Expensify Card. We use a third-party vendor to issue Expensify Cards and process the related transactions. When purchases are made with the Expensify Card, a fee is charged by the card network to the merchant (also known as "interchange"). The vendor is contractually entitled to the interchange through its relationships with the card network and card issuing bank. The vendor keeps a portion of the interchange for their services, and our agreement with the vendor results in us receiving the remainder of the interchange less the amount retained by the vendor (our remainder portion, "Expensify interchange amount"). The vendor also charges us fees ("vendor fees") for the services it provides to us. Due to the nature of the vendor agreement, we do not record the Expensify interchange amount as revenue. Instead, the net of the Expensify interchange amount and vendor fees are paid to us, and we record it as "Consideration from a vendor, net," a contra 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 expense in Cost of revenue, net. The following summarizes these various amounts for the periods presented: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Expensify interchange amount 6,832 3,128 1,096 Vendor fees (616) (225) (90) Consideration from a vendor, net 6,216 2,903 1,006 
 As described in the subsection titled "Liquidity and Capital Resources", discretionary cash bonuses, which we also refer to as "IPO-related bonus expense" as described in the subsection titled "Non-GAAP Financial Measures," were paid to employees in 2021 and had a significant impact to Cost of revenue, net during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 OPERATING EXPENSES 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation, incurred related to the planning and preliminary project stage and post-implementation stage of new products or enhancing existing products or services. We capitalize certain software development costs that are attributable to developing or adding significant functionality to our internal-use software during the application development stage of the projects. All research and development expenses, excluding capitalized software development costs, are expensed as incurred. 
 We believe delivering new functionality is critical to attract new customers and expand our relationships with existing customers. We expect to continue to make investments in and expand our product and service offerings to enhance our customers experience and satisfaction and to attract new customers. We expect research and development expenses will increase as we expand our research and development team to develop new products and product enhancements. 
 As described in the subsection titled "Liquidity and Capital Resources", discretionary cash bonuses, which we also refer to as "IPO-related bonus expense" as described in the subsection titled "Non-GAAP Financial Measures," were paid to employees in 2021 and had a significant impact to Research and development expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation, advertising expenses, branding and public relations expenses and referral fees for strategic partners and other benefits that we provide to our referral and affiliate partners. We expect sales and marketing expenses will increase as we expand our sales efforts to pursue our market opportunity. 
 As described in the subsection titled "Liquidity and Capital Resources", discretionary cash bonuses, which we also refer to as "IPO-related bonus expense" as described in the subsection titled "Non-GAAP Financial Measures," were paid to employees in 2021 and had a significant impact to Sales and marketing expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation, for any employee time allocated to administrative functions, including finance and accounting, legal and human resources. In addition to personnel-related expenses, general and administrative expenses consist of rent, utilities, depreciation on property and equipment, amortization 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 of operating right-of-use assets and external professional services, including accounting, audit, tax, finance, legal and compliance, human resources and information technology. We expect that general and administrative expenses will continue to increase as we scale our business and as we incur additional costs associated with being a publicly traded company, including legal, audit, business insurance and consulting fees. 
 As described in the subsection titled "Liquidity and Capital Resources", discretionary cash bonuses, which we also refer to as "IPO-related bonus expense" as described in the subsection titled "Non-GAAP Financial Measures," were paid to employees in 2021 and had a significant impact to General and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Interest and Other Expenses, Net 
 Interest and other expenses, net, consist primarily of interest paid under our credit facilities with Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce ("CIBC"). It also includes realized gains and losses on foreign currency transactions and foreign currency remeasurement. 
 (Provision for) Benefit from Income Taxes 
 Income taxes primarily consist of income taxes in the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, Netherlands and Canada, as well as states in the United States in which we do business. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The results of operations presented below should be reviewed in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods presented: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except per share data) Revenue 169,495 142,835 88,072 Cost of revenue, net (1) 
 62,669 53,693 32,414 Gross margin 106,826 89,142 55,658 Operating expenses: Research and development (1) 
 13,692 10,988 6,728 General and administrative (1) 
 58,490 60,742 33,372 Sales and marketing (1) 
 49,876 27,664 9,888 Total operating expenses 122,058 99,394 49,988 (Loss) income from operations (15,232) (10,252) 5,670 Interest and other expenses, net (5,411) (3,480) (2,718) (Loss) income before income taxes (20,643) (13,732) 2,952 (Provision for) benefit from income taxes (6,366) 174 (4,662) Net loss attributable to Class A, LT10 and LT50 common stockholders (27,009) (13,558) (1,710) Net loss per share attributable to Class A, LT10 and LT50 common stockholders: Basic (0.33) (0.36) (0.06) Diluted (0.33) (0.36) (0.06) Weighted-average shares of common stock used to compute net (loss) income per share attributable to Class A, LT10 and LT50 common stockholders: Basic 80,786,725 38,039,222 27,424,480 Diluted 80,786,725 38,039,222 27,424,480 Net loss margin (16) (9) (2) 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Cost of revenue, net 18,403 4,115 2,272 Research and development 7,875 1,617 2,469 General and administrative 17,850 7,356 12,648 Sales and marketing 8,204 1,486 448 Total stock-based compensation expense 52,332 14,574 17,837 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 COMPARISON OF THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 Revenue 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount (in thousands, except percentages) Revenue 169,495 142,835 26,660 19 
 Revenue increased 26.7 million, or 19 , for the year ended December, 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to (i) an increase in the number of paid members and reimbursement activity, which was the result of the normalization of business travel and higher rates of returning to office compared to the same period in 2021 and (ii) an increase in average fees per paid member due to an increase in the number of pay-per-use members, who have a higher average fee per member than our annual members, compared to the same period in 2021. 
 Cost of Revenue, Net and Gross Margin 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount (in thousands, except percentages) Cost of revenue, net 62,669 53,693 8,976 17 Gross margin 106,826 89,142 17,684 20 Gross margin 63 62 
 Cost of revenue, net increased by 9.0 million, or 17 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. Cost of revenue, net increased primarily due to the recognition of 18.4 million of stock-based compensation costs during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 4.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily related to the RSUs granted in September and November of 2021 to employees directly engaged in supporting our customers and providing maintenance of our platform. In addition to increased stock-based compensation, Cost of revenue, net increased due to a higher volume of payment processing fees directly related to an increase in reimbursement activity, increased efforts in support and implementation services and increased outsourcing activities related to maintaining the platform. These increases were partially offset by 13.7 million in IPO-related bonus costs impacting the year ended December 31, 2021. Furthermore, Consideration from a vendor, net, was 6.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.9 million for the year ended December, 31 2021. This increase in Consideration from a vendor, net was driven primarily by the increased adoption of and the resulting spend captured from members using the Expensify Card. 
 Gross margin increased slightly to 63 in 2022 compared to 62 in the same period in 2021. Although revenue increased by 19 for the same period, Cost of revenue, net also increased due to the factors described in the preceding paragraph. 
 Research and Development 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount (in thousands, except percentages) Research and development 13,692 10,988 2,704 25 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development expenses increased by 2.7 million, or 25 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, due to the recognition of 7.9 million of stock-based compensation costs during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 1.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily related to the RSUs granted in September and November of 2021 to employees directly engaged in the planning and preliminary project stage and post-implementation stage of new products and features. Furthermore, Research and development expenses increased due to increased employee time spent in the planning and preliminary project stage and post-implementation stage of new products and features primarily due to an increase in employee focus on customer support and sales and marketing of recently developed products and services such as the Free Plan and our Expensify Card. These increases were partially offset by 8.5 million in IPO-related bonus costs impacting the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 General and Administrative 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount (in thousands, except percentages) General and administrative 58,490 60,742 (2,252) (4) 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 2.3 million, or 4 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to 21.2 million in IPO-related bonus costs impacting the year ended December 31, 2021. These decreases were partially offset by the recognition of 17.9 million of stock-based compensation costs during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 7.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily related to the RSUs granted in September and November of 2021 to employees directly engaged in general and administrative activities. The decrease was further offset by an increase of General and administrative expenses due to increases in employee time allocated to administrative functions, insurance costs and professional service costs incurred for accounting, auditing and legal services as a result of our continued requirements as a public company. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount (in thousands, except percentages) Sales and marketing 49,876 27,664 22,212 80 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased 22.2 million, or 80 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to an increase in advertising spend and marketing events to gain further brand awareness and increased employee focus on marketing initiatives related to our recently developed products and services, such as the Free Plan and our Expensify Card. Furthermore, sales and marketing expenses were higher due to the recognition of 8.2 million of stock-based compensation costs during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 1.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily related to the RSUs granted in September and November of 2021 to employees directly engaged in sales and marketing activities. These increases were partially offset by 5.0 million in IPO-related bonus costs impacting the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Interest and Other Expenses, Net 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount (in thousands, except percentages) Interest and other expenses, net (5,411) (3,480) (1,931) 55 
 Interest and other expenses, net increased by 1.9 million, or 55 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to increased interest expense under the 2021 Amended Term Loan (as defined below) and revolving line of credit facility as a result of increases in CIBC's reference rate and increased foreign currency losses resulting from the strengthening U.S. dollar. 
 (Provision for) Benefit from Income Taxes 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount (in thousands, except percentages) (Provision for) benefit from income taxes (6,366) 174 (6,540) (3,759) 
 We recorded a provision for income taxes of 6.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a 0.2 million benefit from income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021. We follow the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, whereby we recognize deferred income taxes for the tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded an incremental valuation allowance of 2.8 million and 2.5 million, respectively. The provision for income taxes reflects taxable income earned and taxed in U.S. federal and state, and non-U.S. jurisdictions. 
 Our effective income tax rate was (30.8) and 1.3 , for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective income tax rate differs from the statutory rate in 2022 primarily due to nondeductible stock-based compensation, the compensation limitations imposed by Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") Section 162(m), and the change in the valuation allowance. The effective income tax rate differs from the statutory rate in 2021 primarily due to the compensation limitations imposed by IRC Section 162(m), establishing the valuation allowance, and stock-based compensation. 
 
 Key Business Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") with certain business metrics and non-GAAP financial measures which we regularly review to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and make strategic decisions. Accordingly, we believe that these key business metrics and non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations in the same manner as our management team. These key business metrics and non-GAAP financial measures are presented for supplemental informational purposes only, should not be considered a substitute for our financial information presented in accordance with GAAP and may be different from similarly titled metrics or measures presented by other companies. 
 KEY BUSINESS METRICS 
 Paid Members 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that our ability to increase the number of paid members on our platform will drive our success as a business. Companies pay for subscriptions on behalf of employees and contractors who use the platform, whom we refer to as paid members. We define paid members as the average number of users (employees, contractors, volunteers, team members, etc.) who are billed on Collect or Control plans during any particular quarter. For SMBs or sole proprietors with only one employee, the business owner may also be the only paid member. 
 The number of paid members on our platform grew each quarter through March 31, 2020, when the COVID-19 pandemic severely impacted the operations of our customers and SMBs broadly, and greatly reduced business travel, which has traditionally been a significant driver of expenses on our platform. While the full lasting impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and SMBs in particular remains uncertain, we continue to see improvement. 
 The following table sets forth the average number of paid members for the quarters ended March 31, 2020 through December 31, 2022. 
 Quarter ended Paid members (in thousands) March 31, 2020 742 June 30, 2020 630 September 30, 2020 633 December 31, 2020 645 March 31, 2021 631 June 30, 2021 639 September 30, 2021 667 December 31, 2021 711 March 31, 2022 706 June 30, 2022 754 September 30, 2022 761 December 31, 2022 779 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 Limitations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for financial information presented under GAAP. There are a number of limitations related to the use of non-GAAP financial measures versus comparable financial measures determined under GAAP. For example, other companies in our industry may calculate these non-GAAP financial measures differently or may use other measures to evaluate their performance. All of these limitations could reduce the usefulness of these non-GAAP financial measures as analytical tools. Investors are encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and to not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 We define adjusted EBITDA as net loss from operations excluding provision for income taxes, interest and other expenses, net, depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation. We define adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA divided by total revenue for the same period. We are focused on profitable growth and we consider adjusted EBITDA to be an important measure because it 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 helps illustrate underlying trends in our business that could otherwise be masked by the effect of the income or expenses that are not indicative of the core operating performance of our business. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except percentages) Adjusted EBITDA 42,488 9,519 26,755 Adjusted EBITDA margin 25 7 30 
 Non-GAAP Net Income and Non-GAAP Net Income Margin 
 We define non-GAAP net income as net loss from operations in accordance with GAAP excluding stock-based compensation and bonus costs related to our IPO, which we consider to be the discretionary cash bonuses paid to our employees during 2021. Refer to the subsection titled "Liquidity and Capital Resources , for further detail over the discretionary cash bonuses paid to employees in 2021. We define non-GAAP net income margin as non-GAAP net income divided by total revenue for the same period. We are focused on profitable growth and we consider non-GAAP net income to be an important measure because it helps illustrate underlying trends in our business that could otherwise be masked by the effect of stock-based compensation and the one-time IPO-related discretionary cash bonus costs. Both expenses are not considered indicative of the core operating performance of our business. IPO-related bonus costs impacted the second, third and fourth fiscal quarters of 2021, but have not impacted subsequent periods beginning with the first quarter of 2022. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except percentages) Non-GAAP net income 25,323 49,432 16,127 Non-GAAP net income margin 15 35 18 
 Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The following tables reconcile the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to each of these non-GAAP financial measures. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except percentages) Net loss (27,009) (13,558) (1,710) Net loss margin (16) (9) (2) Add: Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 6,366 (174) 4,662 Interest and other expenses, net 5,411 3,480 2,718 Depreciation and amortization 5,388 5,197 3,248 Stock-based compensation 52,332 14,574 17,837 Adjusted EBITDA 42,488 9,519 26,755 Adjusted EBITDA margin 25 7 30 
 Non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income margin 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except percentages) Net loss (27,009) (13,558) (1,710) Net loss margin (16) (9) (2) Add: Stock-based compensation 52,332 14,574 17,837 IPO-related bonus expense 48,416 Non-GAAP net income 25,323 49,432 16,127 Non-GAAP net income margin 15 35 18 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since our inception, we have financed our operations primarily through our cash flow from operations, sales of our equity securities and borrowings under our credit facilities. In November 2021, upon completion of our IPO, we received aggregate net proceeds of approximately 57.5 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately 4.9 million and offering costs of approximately 8.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had 103.8 million in cash and cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2022, we had 67.3 million in outstanding indebtedness. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including revenue growth and costs incurred to support growth in our business and our need to respond to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen circumstances. We believe that our existing cash resources will be sufficient to finance our continued operations and growth strategy for the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. 
 CASH FLOWS 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 32,876 5,486 7,585 Net cash used in investing activities (2,199) (7,614) (4,295) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (8,282) 80,565 8,787 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 22,395 78,437 12,077 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 32.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 5.5 million for the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in revenue, a decrease in employee stock option exercise cash bonuses, and settlement liabilities, which represent increased expense reimbursement activity, offset by an increase in advertising spend and marketing events to gain further brand awareness, an increase in insurance and professional service costs incurred for accounting, auditing and legal services as a result of our continued requirements as a public company, higher volume of payment processing fees directly related to an increase in reimbursement activity, increased efforts in support and implementation services, increased outsourcing activities related to maintaining the platform, the timing of the payments for costs of our services and operating expenses and an increase in settlement assets, which represent increased expense reimbursement activity and increased Expensify Card receivables due to users adopting monthly settlement and the timing of settlement of accounts payable. 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 2.2 million, primarily consisting of software development costs and the purchase of property and equipment related to multiple booth constructions for marketing conferences. 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to IPO bonuses that were capitalized as internally developed software costs of 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and a decrease in purchases related to the build-out of offices in Portland and San Francisco. 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 8.3 million, primarily consisting of payments for employee taxes withheld from stock-based awards and the repurchase and retirement of common stock partially offset by proceeds from common stock purchased under our 2021 Stock Purchase and Matching Plan and proceeds from the issuance of common stock on exercises of stock options. 
 Net cash used in financing activities increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to repurchases of early exercises of common stock and payments for employee taxes withheld from stock-based awards during the year ended December 31, 2022, and the proceeds received from our IPO and loan and security agreement with CIBC during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 On May 10, 2022, the Executive Committee approved a share repurchase program with authorization to purchase up to 50.0 million of shares of Class A common stock ("2022 Share Repurchase Program"). The Company may repurchase shares from time to time through open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means, including the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. The actual timing, manner, price and total amount of future repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including business, economic and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, prevailing stock prices, restrictions under the terms of loan agreements and other considerations. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of Class A common stock, and the program may be suspended or terminated at any time by the Company at any time at its discretion without prior notice. 
 CREDIT FACILITIES 
 Amortizing Term Mortgage 
 In August 2019, we entered into an 8.3 million amortizing term mortgage agreement with CIBC for our commercial building in Portland, Oregon. The agreement requires interest and principal payments to be made each month over a 30-year period. Interest accrues at a fixed rate of 5.00 per year until August 2024, at which point the interest rate changes to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate less 0.25 for the remaining term of the mortgage. The borrowings are secured by the building. The outstanding balance of the amortizing term mortgage was 7.8 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Loan and Security Agreement 
 In September 2021, we amended and restated our loan and security agreement with CIBC ("2021 Amended Term Loan") to refinance the existing non-amortizing and amortizing term loans, establish a single term loan of up to 75.0 million, consisting of a 45.0 million initial term loan effective immediately with an option to enter into an additional 30.0 million delayed term loan, and increase the monthly revolving line of credit to 25.0 million. The term loan and revolving line of credit mature in September 2026 and September 2024, respectively. Approximately 23.5 million of the loan proceeds were used to immediately repay the remaining balances under the amortizing and non-amortizing term loans at the time of the amendment, as well as commitment fees and other debt issuance costs associated with the amendment. The remaining proceeds from the initial term loan were utilized to fund our normal business operations. 
 Under the 2021 Amended Term Loan, the initial term loan of 45.0 million is payable over a 60 month period with principal and accrued interest payments due each quarter thereafter, which commenced with the first payment due on September 30, 2021. Quarterly principal payments are fixed and escalate throughout the term. The amounts borrowed bear interest at the bank s reference rate plus 2.25 (9.75 as of December 31, 2022) and continue on a quarterly basis through the maturity of the term loan. The borrowings are secured by substantially all our assets. The outstanding balances of the 2021 Amended Term Loan and revolving line of credit were 44.4 million and 15.0 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 
 See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Certain Covenants 
 We are subject to customary covenants under the 2021 Amended Term Loan, which unless waived by CIBC, restrict our and our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things incur additional indebtedness, create or incur liens, permit a change of control, merge or consolidate with other companies, sell or transfer assets, pay dividends or make distributions, make acquisitions, investments or loans, or payments and prepayments of subordinated indebtedness, subject to certain exceptions. We must also maintain certain financial covenants: a total EBITDA net leverage ratio, as defined in the loan and security agreement, tested each quarter, of not less than 5.00 to 1.00 from the quarters ending September 30, 2022 through and including June 30, 2023, not less than 4.00 to 1.00 from the quarters ending September 30, 2023 through and including June 30, 2024, and not less than 3.00 to 1.00 from the quarters ending September 30, 2024 and each quarter thereafter, and a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.10 to 1.00, tested on the last day of each calendar quarter. 
 If we fail to perform our obligations under these and other covenants, CIBC s credit commitments could be terminated and any outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest, under the credit or loan agreements could be declared immediately due and payable. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were not in compliance with all of our debt covenants. Specifically, we were not in compliance with the covenant in our loan and security agreement with CIBC restricting the amount of repurchases of common stock, which includes RSU net share settlements; however, we obtained a waiver from CIBC for our non-compliance with this covenant. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we do not believe non-compliance with this covenant had a material impact on us or our operations. We expect to be in compliance with all debt covenants by the end of the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022: 
 Payments due by period (in thousands) Less than 1 year 1-3 years More than 3 years Total Principal payments on debt 595 59,467 7,191 67,253 Interest payments on debt 4,920 13,501 352 18,773 Finance lease commitments 476 476 Operating lease commitments 332 332 Total 6,323 72,968 7,543 86,834 
 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements of varying scope and terms whereby we agree to indemnify customers, issuing banks, card networks, vendors and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the breach of such agreements, services to be provided by us or from intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and certain officers and employees that will require us, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors, officers or employees. No demands have been made upon us to provide indemnification under such agreements and there are no claims that we are aware of that could have a material effect on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Operations, Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit), or Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 During the periods presented, we did not have, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet financing arrangements or any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, including entities sometimes referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, that were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. For our accounting policies, see Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere herein for a description of our significant accounting policies. 
 EMPLOYEE AND EMPLOYEE-RELATED EXPENSES 
 Allocating our employee and employee-related expenses, which consist of contractor costs, employee salary and wages, stock-based compensation and travel and other employee-related costs, to their appropriate financial statement line items on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, requires us to make estimates and judgments as a result of our generalist model and organizational structure. We base our estimates for allocating employee and employee related expenses on our internal productivity and team management tools. Management reviews the estimates each reporting period to evaluate the amounts allocated to Cost of revenue, net, Research and development, General and administrative, and Sales and marketing on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 REVENUE RECOGNITION 
 We generate revenue from subscription fees paid by our customers to access and use our hosted software services, as well as standard customer support. We adopted Accounting Standard Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) as of January 1, 2019, utilizing the full retrospective method of transition. 
 Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. 
 Our contracts are either month-to-month arrangements billed monthly in arrears based on a specified number of members or annual arrangements billed monthly in arrears based on a minimum number of monthly members. Month-to-month contracts can be terminated by either party at any time without penalty. Annual subscription customers who wish to terminate their contracts before the end of the term are required to pay the remaining obligation in full plus any fees or penalties set forth in the agreement. 
 We charge customers subscription fees for access to our platform based on the number of monthly members and level of service. The contractual price per member is based on either negotiated fees or rates published on our website. Our contracts with customers include two performance obligations: access to the hosted software service ("SaaS"), inclusive of all features available within the platform and related customer support. The SaaS and the support are accounted for as a combined performance obligation because they have the same pattern of transfer over the same period and, therefore, are delivered concurrently. We satisfy our performance obligation over time each month as it provides the SaaS and support services to customers and as such generally recognizes revenue monthly based on the number of monthly members and contractual rate per member. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Certain annual contracts provide the customer the option to increase the minimum number of members and extend the contract term on a prospective basis or to purchase members beyond the minimum contracted number of members at a higher rate for a particular month. These options are accounted for when the customer exercises the option as they do not represent a material right and are accounted for as a contract modification. 
 Revenue is recognized net of applicable taxes imposed on the related transaction. We charge customers on a monthly basis, in arrears, with typical payment terms being 30 days. A contract asset is the right to consideration for transferred goods or services and arises when the amount of revenue recognized exceeds amounts billed to a customer. As a result of a price increase in 2020 that was applicable to certain annual contracts and billed incrementally by us over a twelve month period, we recorded revenue for such contracts on a straight line basis over the twelve month period affected by the price increase. This resulted in contract assets that consist of unbilled receivables for revenue recognized in excess of billings. The contract asset decreases as the price increase is applied to the amounts billed to customers, over the twelve month period. We recorded an immaterial amount of contract assets for unbilled receivables within Other current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021. There were no contract assets as of December 31, 2022. Since our performance obligation is satisfied monthly, at any reporting period, we have no unsatisfied, or partially unsatisfied, performance obligations. 
 COMMON STOCK VALUATIONS 
 Prior to the IPO, given the absence of a public trading market for our common stock, and in accordance with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation, our Board of Directors exercised its reasonable judgment and considered numerous objective and subjective factors to determine the best estimate of fair value of our common stock underlying the stock options and RSUs, including: 
 independent third-party valuations of our common stock; 
 the expected price range of our common stock upon IPO determined by bankers; 
 the rights, preferences and privileges of our convertible preferred stock relative to those of our common stock; 
 our financial condition, results of operations and capital resources; 
 the likelihood and timing of achieving a liquidity event, such as an initial public offering or sale of the company, given prevailing market conditions; 
 the lack of marketability of our common stock; 
 our estimates of future financial performance; 
 valuations of comparable companies; 
 the hiring or loss of key personnel; 
 the status of our development, product introduction and sales efforts; 
 industry information, such as market growth and volume and macro-economic events; and 
 additional objective and subjective factors relating to our business. 
 To determine the fair value of our common stock, we first determined our enterprise value and then allocated that enterprise value to our common stock and common stock equivalents. Our enterprise value was estimated using two generally accepted approaches: the income approach and the market approach. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 The income approach estimates enterprise value based on the estimated present value of future cash flows the business is expected to generate over its remaining life. The estimated present value is calculated using a discount rate reflective of the risks associated with an investment in a similar company in a similar industry or having a similar history of revenue growth. The market approach measures the value of a business through an analysis of recent sales or offerings of comparable investments or assets, and in our case, focused on comparing us to a group of our peer companies. In applying this method, valuation multiples are derived from historical operating data of the peer company group. We then apply multiples to our operating data to arrive at a range of indicated values of the company. 
 For each valuation, we prepared a financial forecast to be used in the computation of the value of invested capital for both the income approach and market approach. The financial forecast considered our past results and expected future financial performance. The risk associated with achieving this forecast was assessed in selecting the appropriate discount rate. There is inherent uncertainty in these estimates as the assumptions used are highly subjective and subject to changes as a result of new operating data and economic and other conditions that impact our business. 
 As an additional indicator of fair value, we provided weighting to arm s-length transactions involving issuances of our securities near the respective valuation dates. 
 Following our initial public offering, it has not been necessary to estimate the fair value of our common stock, as our shares are traded in the public market. 
 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
 We account for stock-based compensation under the fair value recognition and measurement provisions of GAAP. Those provisions require all stock-based awards granted to employees, including stock options and RSUs, to be measured based on fair value at the date of grant, with the resulting expense generally recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the period during which the employee is required to perform service in exchange for the award. 
 We utilize the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the estimated fair value of stock options. 
 The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires management to make a number of assumptions, including the fair value and expected volatility of our underlying common stock, expected life of the award, risk-free interest rate and expected dividend yield. Prior to the IPO, the fair value of common stock was determined by the Board of Directors based on a number of factors, including independent third-party valuations of our common stock, which considered estimates of our future performance and valuations of comparable companies. We also considered prices at which others have purchased our stock, and the likelihood and timing of achieving a liquidity event. When awards were granted or revalued between the dates of valuation reports, we considered the change in common stock fair value and the amount of time that lapsed between the two reports to determine whether to use the latest common stock valuation or an interpolation between two valuation dates for purposes of valuing stock-based awards. Subsequent to the completion of the IPO, the fair value of our underlying common stock is determined by the closing price, on the date of grant, of our Class A common stock, which is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 All RSUs granted to employees before the effectiveness of the IPO Registration Statement were measured based on the fair value of the underlying common stock on the grant date, which was consistent with the factors described within the Black-Scholes option pricing model. All RSUs granted to employees after the effectiveness of the IPO Registration Statement are measured based on the fair value of the underlying common stock on the grant date, which is determined by the closing price, on the date of the grant, of our Class A common stock, which is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Refer to Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further detail over stock-based compensation and our stock incentive plans. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for recently adopted accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 Upon the completion of our IPO, we elected to be an emerging growth company ("EGC"), as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, which, among other things, allowed us to take advantage of reduced disclosure requirements and an extended transition period for the implementation of new or revised accounting pronouncements. 
 Effective December 31, 2022, based on the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, we were deemed to be a large accelerated filer and no longer qualified as an EGC. As a result, we must now comply with all financial disclosure and governance requirements applicable to large accelerated filers. The effect of the loss of EGC status and the impact on the adoption of new accounting pronouncements is discussed further in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RISK 
 We report our results in U.S. dollars, which is our reporting currency. For our foreign operations, the majority of our revenues and expenses are denominated in other currencies, such as the British pound and the Australian dollar. Foreign currency assets and liabilities are remeasured into the U.S. dollar at end-of-period exchange rates except for prepaid expenses, property and equipment and related depreciation and amortization and lease right-of-use assets and related amortization, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Revenues and expenses are remeasured at average exchange rates in effect during each period. Gains or losses from foreign currency transactions are included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 If the value of the U.S. dollar weakens relative to foreign currencies, this may have an unfavorable impact on our cash flows and operating results. We do not believe that a 10 change in the relative value of the U.S. dollar to other foreign currencies would have a material effect on our cash flows and operating results. 
 INTEREST RATE RISK 
 We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with borrowings under our amortizing term mortgage, our monthly revolving line of credit and our amortizing term loan. Interest rate changes generally impact the amount of our interest payments and, therefore, our future profitability and cash flows. Assuming the amounts outstanding under these borrowing facilities are fully drawn, a hypothetical 10 change in interest rates would not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 INFLATION RISK 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Nonetheless, if our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 87 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 89 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 93 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 94 
 Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 95 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 97 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 99 

88 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Expensify, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Expensify, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended in December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 89 

Employee and Employee-Related Expenses Description of the Matter As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates the allocation of employee and employee-related expenses to the cost of revenue, net, research and development, general and administrative, and sales and marketing financial statement line items on the consolidated statement of income as a result of their generalist model and organizational structure. This allocation requires estimation and judgments by management based on internal productivity and team management tools. Auditing the Company s allocation of employee and employee-related expenses was challenging because it involved the application of subjective management judgments to the productivity and team management data and related allocation output and involved a high degree of subjective auditor judgment due to the nature of audit evidence obtained. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s employee and employee-related expense allocation process. This included, among others, controls over the data used in the allocation process, management s review of the allocation output, and the allocation of costs to the related financial statement line items. Our audit procedures included, among others, obtaining an understanding of management s process and methodology, testing the completeness and accuracy of the internal productivity and team management data, and evaluating management judgments applied to the data for consistency with prior periods and the Company s methodology. For a selection of employees we validated the employee s team assignments and productivity metrics and independently evaluated management s judgments and allocation output by inspecting documentation of the basis for management judgments and the allocation output. We also interviewed a selection of employees to obtain an understanding of their team assignments and responsibilities as well as members of management responsible for reviewing the productivity and team management data and related allocation output for a selection of employees to evaluate the documentation provided to support the allocation output. In addition, we performed analytical procedures to assess trends in allocations over time for a selection of employees and in aggregate for all employees and evaluated any significant deviations from expectations. Further, we recalculated the allocation of costs to the financial statement line items using the underlying data. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. March 8, 2023 
 
 90 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Expensify, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Expensify, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Expensify, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated March 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

91 

/s/ 
 San Francisco, California March 8, 2023 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Settlement assets, net Prepaid expenses Related party loan receivable Other current assets Total current assets Capitalized software, net Property and equipment, net Lease right-of-use assets Deferred tax assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Borrowings under line of credit Current portion of long-term debt, net of original issue discount and debt issuance costs Lease liabilities, current Settlement liabilities Total current liabilities Lease liabilities, non-current Other liabilities Long-term debt, net of original issue discount and debt issuance costs Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value ; shares of preferred stock authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value ; shares of Class A common stock authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and shares of LT10 common stock authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and shares of LT10 common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and shares of LT50 common stock authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and shares of LT50 common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 93 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue, net Gross margin Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Sales and marketing Total operating expenses (Loss) income from operations ) ) Interest and other expenses, net ) ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) (Provision for) benefit from income taxes ) ) Net loss attributable to Class A, LT10 and LT50 common stockholders Net loss per share attributable to Class A, LT10 and LT50 common stockholders: Basic Diluted ) ) ) Weighted-average shares of common stock used to compute net loss per share attributable to Class A, LT10 and LT50 common stockholders: Basic Diluted 
 94 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Convertible preferred stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity (deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants Issuance of common stock upon initial public offering Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Vesting of early exercised stock options Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Vesting of early exercised stock options Issuance of restricted stock units Repurchases of early exercised stock options ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under Matching Plan Issuance of common stock in connection with restricted stock units vesting ) 
 95 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents 

 Shares withheld from common stock issued to pay employee payroll taxes ) ) ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 96 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Reduction of operating lease right-of-use assets Loss on impairment, receivables and sale or disposal of equipment Stock-based compensation Amortization of original issue discount and debt issuance costs Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Settlement assets, net ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Related party loan receivable Other current assets ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Settlement liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale or disposal of property and equipment Software development costs ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Principal payments of finance leases ) ) ) Principal payments of term loan ) ) ) Proceeds from term loan Principal payments of line of credit ) Proceeds from line of credit Vesting of restricted common stock Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriters' discounts, commissions and offering costs Repurchases of early exercises of common stock ) Proceeds from common stock purchased under Matching Plan Proceeds from issuance of common stock on exercise of stock options Payments for employee taxes withheld from stock-based awards ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) 
 97 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Noncash investing and financing items: Right-of-use assets acquired with lease liabilities Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash to the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in other current assets Restricted cash included in other assets Restricted cash included in settlement assets, net Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 98 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1 
 of its consideration received from a vendor for monetizing Expensify Card activities to Expensify.org in addition to lump sum discretionary contributions. Any contributions from Expensify.org to a charitable organization is recorded as an expense within General and administrative expenses on the consolidated financial statements upon payment. 
 Expensify established wholly-owned subsidiaries, Expensify Canada Inc. and Expensify Netherlands B.V., in 2020 that primarily serve to promote and market Expensify's services to customers and potential customers of the Company in Canada and the Netherlands, respectively. 
 Expensify established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Expensify Payments LLC, in 2020 that primarily serves as the licensed provider of money transmission services for Expensify with its expense management program. 
 Expensify established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Expensify Lounge LLC, in 2021 that primarily serves to manage, promote and market Expensify's lounge operations in the United States. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of the Company's Class A common stock at par value per share (the "Class A common stock"), in which the Company sold shares of Class A common stock, and the selling stockholders sold shares of Class A common stock at an IPO price of per share. This total sale of shares of Class A common stock in the IPO includes the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional shares of Class A common stock from certain selling stockholders at an IPO price of per share. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock in the offering by the selling stockholders. The Company received aggregate net proceeds of approximately million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately million and offering costs of approximately million. 
 Immediately prior to the effectiveness of the IPO Registration Statement, the Company filed an Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to create classes of authorized common stock: Class A, LT10, and LT50 common stock. All shares of common stock then outstanding were reclassified as Class A common stock except for shares under the Company's exchange offer, which provided employees and other service providers the opportunity to exchange, on a -for-one basis, their Class A common stock into LT10 or LT50 shares. Under this exchange offer, shares of Class A common stock were exchanged for shares of LT10 common stock and shares of LT50 common stock. Upon closing of the IPO, all convertible preferred stock then outstanding, was converted into shares of common stock on a -for-one basis and reclassified into Class A common stock. In addition, shares of common stock warrants were converted to an equivalent number of shares of Class A common stock warrants. 
 Immediately prior to the closing of the IPO, the Company filed its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizing a total of shares of Class A common stock which entitles holders to vote per share; shares of LT10 common stock, which entitles holders to votes per share; and shares of LT50 common stock, which entitles holders to votes per share. In addition, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorized a total of shares of undesignated preferred stock. 
 Stock Split 
 On October 27, 2021, the Company effected a -for-one stock split of its common stock. All share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split for all periods presented. 
 
 NOTE 2 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The Company recorded an immaterial allowance for expected credit losses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The Company recorded an immaterial allowance for expected credit losses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

for computer equipment, for furniture and fixtures and for buildings. Land has an indefinite useful life and is not depreciated. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Upon disposal, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Gains or losses from disposition of property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 have been immaterial. 
 Construction in progress is stated at cost, which includes the cost of construction and other direct costs attributable to the construction. No depreciation is recorded for construction in progress until the relevant assets are completed and put into use. Construction in progress as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 represents leasehold improvements under installation. 
 
 , which is the estimated useful life. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company capitalized million, million and million, respectively, in software development costs. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million were reclassified to stockholders equity and recorded net against the IPO proceeds. The Company had capitalized deferred offering costs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 performance obligations: access to the hosted software service ("SaaS"), inclusive of all features available within the platform, and related customer support. The SaaS and the support are accounted for as a combined performance obligation because they have the same pattern of transfer over the same period and, therefore, are delivered concurrently. The Company satisfies its performance obligation over time each month as it provides the SaaS and support services to customers and, as such, generally recognizes revenue monthly based on the number of monthly members and contractual rate per member. 
 Certain annual contracts provide the customer the option to increase the minimum number of members and extend the contract term on a prospective basis or to purchase members beyond the minimum contracted number of members at a higher rate for a particular month. These options are accounted for when the customer exercises the option as they do not represent a material right and are accounted for as a contract modification. 
 Revenue is recognized net of applicable taxes imposed on the related transaction. The Company charges the customer on a monthly basis, in arrears, with typical payment terms being 30 days. 
 A contract asset is the right to consideration for transferred goods or services and arises when the amount of revenue recognized exceeds amounts billed to a customer. As a result of a price increase in 2020 that was applicable to certain annual contracts and billed incrementally by the Company over a twelve month period, the Company recorded revenue for such contracts on a straight line basis over the twelve month period affected by the price increase. This resulted in contract assets that consisted of unbilled receivables for revenue recognized in excess of billings. The contract assets decreased as 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is recorded within Accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The cashback rewards cost was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. 
 The Company granted RSUs in November 2021 to its Non-Employee Directors, which is comprised solely of the Company's Audit Committee members, in connection with each member's initial appointment to the Board of directors and consummation of the IPO. All RSUs granted to Non-Employee Directors settle in shares of Class A common stock and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award, which is generally the initial RSU grant vesting term of . Subsequent to the initial RSUs granted, the Company will grant RSUs to Non-Employee Directors on an annual basis at each annual stockholders' meeting that will vest upon the earlier of the satisfaction of a service condition or a performance condition, which is considered a change in control event. These annual RSU grants will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award, which is . Furthermore, RSUs will be granted to Non-Employee Directors on a quarterly basis as a retainer for their services, which vest only upon the satisfaction of a service condition. These annual RSU grants will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award, which is . The Company measures all RSUs granted to Non-Employee Directors based on the fair value of the underlying common stock on the grant date, which is determined by the closing price, on the date of the grant, of its Class A common stock, which is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. With the exception of the RSUs granted to Non-Employee Directors in November 2021, there were no other RSUs granted to Non-Employee Directors during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Forfeitures are recorded as they occur for all RSUs. Refer to Note 9 for further detail over stock-based compensation and the stock incentive plans of the Company. 
 Employee Stock Option Exercise Cash Bonus 
 In June 2021 for the Company's named executive officers and in July 2021 for all other employees, the Company determined it would pay a cash bonus to each of its employees in a value that approximated the cost of each employee exercising of their total stock options issued, limited by the total stock options outstanding as of June 15, 2021, including the tax withholding applicable to each employee. The Company included both vested and unvested stock options outstanding and held by each existing employee as of June 15, 2021 in determining the cash bonus paid to each employee. 
 In addition to using the exercise cost of the stock options through June 15, 2021, the Company relied on an estimate to determine the tax withholding that could be applicable to each employee based on if they were to exercise the stock options. In order to determine this estimate, the Company relied on third-party tax consultants that reviewed a number of assumptions provided by management, including the applicable taxable income to the employee as a result of the cash bonus in 2021 and the spread of the fair value of the options based on the latest independent third-party common stock valuation as of 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

bonus expenses related to the employee stock option exercise cash bonus and bonus expenses related to the employee stock option exercise cash bonus for the Company's named executive officers. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded bonus expenses related to the employee stock option exercise cash bonus of million. All bonuses were fully paid to employees during the year ended December 31, 2021. Of the total bonus expenses related to the employee stock option exercise cash bonus during the year ended December 31, 2021, the bonus expense for the Company's named executive officers was million. 
 Research and development General and administrative Sales and marketing Total 
 Employee cash bonuses capitalized as internally developed software costs were million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Additional costs include amortization expense on capitalized software development costs and personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation, cash bonuses and employee costs attributable to supporting our customers and maintenance of our platform. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, million, and million for th 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. 
 
 reportable segment because its chief operating decision maker, a committee that consists of the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, and the chief operating officer, reviews the Company s financial information on a consolidated basis for purposes of making decisions regarding allocating resources and assessing performance. Substantially all long-lived assets are located in the United States. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

All other locations Total revenue 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 Based on the closing share price and market value of the Company's common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, the Company was deemed to be a large-accelerated filer effective December 31, 2022. As a result, on December 31, 2022, the Company no longer qualified as an emerging growth company EGC under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act ). The previous EGC status allowed the Company an extended transition period to adopt new or revised accounting pronouncements until such pronouncements were applicable to private companies. The effect of the loss of EGC status and impact on the adoption of new accounting pronouncements is discussed further below. 
 . 
 
 NOTE 3 
 Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Capitalized software, net 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 4 
 Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Commercial building Land Construction in progress Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense related to property and equipment is recorded in General and administrative on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Depreciation expense related to property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 5 
 . The operating and finance leases contain options to extend or terminate the lease. However, these were not included in the original lease terms of the operating leases as the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise these options. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not enter into any new finance lease agreements to finance the acquisition of new property and equipment. There were no new operating lease agreements entered into during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 Operating lease ROU asset (included within Lease right-of-use assets) Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years): Finance leases Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate: Finance leases Operating leases) ) ) Operating cash flows from finance leases ) ) ) Financing cash flows from finance leases ) ) ) ROU assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities 
 To calculate the ROU assets and liabilities, the Company uses the discount rate implicit in lease agreements when available. When the implicit discount rates are not readily determinable, the Company uses the incremental borrowing rate. The Company determines the incremental borrowing rate using interest rates from the Company's secured borrowings after taking into consideration the nature of the debt, such as borrowings collateralized by the exact building in the lease, and payment structure, including frequency and number of payments in the agreement. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Less: lease liabilities, current ) ) Lease liabilities, non-current 
 
 NOTE 6 
 Expensify.org restricted cash Income tax receivable Cash in transit for funds held for customers Expensify Payments LLC restricted cash Contract assets Matching plan escrow and other restricted cash Other Other current assets 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Professional fees Interest payable Restricted common stock liability for early stock option exercises Partner payouts and advertising fees Accrued expense reports Cashback rewards Matching plan payroll liability 
 Hosting and license fees Credit card processing fees Other Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 
 NOTE 7 
 million amortizing term mortgage agreement with Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce ("CIBC") for the Company's commercial building located in Portland, Oregon. The agreement requires principal and interest payments to be made each month over a period. Interest accrues at a fixed rate of per year until August 2024, at which point the interest rate changes to the Wall Street Journal Pri me Rate less for the remaining term of the mortgage. The borrowings are secured by the building. The outstanding balance of the amortizing term mortgage was million and million a s of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 2021 Amended Term Loan 
 In September 2021, the Company amended and restated its loan and security agreement with CIBC ("2021 Amended Term Loan") to refinance the existing non-amortizing and amortizing term loans, establish a single term loan of up to million, consisting of a million initial term loan effective immediately with an option at a later date to enter into an additional million delayed term loan, and increase the monthly revolving line of credit to million. Approximately million of the loan proceeds were used to immediately repay the remaining balances under the amortizing and non-amortizing term loans at the time of the amendment as well as the commitment fees and any other debt issuance costs associated with the amendment. The remaining proceeds from the initial term loan were utilized to fund the Company's normal business operations. 
 Under the 2021 Amended Term Loan, the initial term loan of million is payable over a -month period with principal and accrued interest payments due each quarter, commencing on September 30, 2021. The 2021 Amended Term Loan amortizes in equal quarterly installments of million through September 30, 2024, million beginning October 1, 2024 and million beginning October 1, 2025, with any remaining principal balance due and payable on maturity. The amounts borrowed bear interest at the bank s reference rate plus and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) beginning on September 30, 2021 and continuing on a quarterly basis through maturity of the term loan. The borrowings are secured by substantially all the Company s assets. As of 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million, respectively. 
 Upon completion of the IPO in November 2021, the Company became obligated to pay a million success fee as part of the Company's 2021 Amended Term Loan. This amount was paid to CIBC in November 2021. 
 Monthly Revolving Line of Credit 
 The line of credit agreement, as amended with the 2021 Amended Term Loan, provides borrowings up to million. Borrowings under the line of credit bear interest at CIBC s reference rate plus and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) and are secured by substantially all of the Company s assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million of borrowings under the line of credit and million of capacity available for additional borrowings. 
 In connection with the amortizing term mortgage and the 2021 Amended Term Loan, the Company recorded an immaterial amount of debt issuance costs and the 2021 Amended Term Loan was subject to an original issue discount. These amounts are amortized to interest expense over the term of the respective agreements using the effective interest method. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, unamortized original issue discount and debt issuance costs remaining were million and million, respectively. Interest expense included within Interest and other expense, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total principal payments Less: unamortized original issue discount and debt issuance costs ) Less: current portion, net of unamortized original issue discount and debt issuance costs ) Long-term debt, net of unamortized original issue discount and debt issuance costs 
 The Company is subject to customary covenants under the 2021 Amended Term Loan agreement, which unless waived by CIBC, restrict its and its subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, create or incur liens, permit a change of control or merge or consolidate with other companies, sell or transfer assets, pay dividends or make distributions, make acquisitions, investments or loans, or payments and prepayments of subordinated indebtedness, subject to certain exceptions. If the Company fails to perform its obligations under these and other covenants, CIBC s credit commitments could be terminated and any outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest, under the credit or loan agreements could be declared immediately due and payable. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 8 
 million of shares of Class A common stock ("2022 Share Repurchase Program"). The Company may repurchase shares from time to time through open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means, including the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. The actual timing, manner, price and total amount of future repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including business, economic and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, prevailing stock prices, restrictions under the terms of loan agreements and other considerations. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of Class A common stock, and the program may be suspended or terminated at any time by the Company at any time at its discretion without prior notice. 
 During 2022, the Company repurchased shares of Class A common stock at a total cost of million. 
 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Upon closing of the IPO, all convertible preferred stock then outstanding, was converted into shares of common stock on a -for-one basis and reclassified into Class A common stock. As such, there is no convertible preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Series B Series B-1 Series C Total 
 Warrants 
 The Company issued warrants during various dates in 2013 and December 2016 to purchase shares of common stock in relation to a previous credit agreement entered into with Silicon Valley Bank. 
 Although the credit agreement was terminated in 2018, the common stock warrants remained outstanding until exercised or expired. The warrants issued in 2013 and 2016 were exercisable 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

and per share, respectively, with expiration dates after issuance. The Company recorded the common stock warrants in Additional paid-in capital at their grant date fair value which approximates the exercise price. 
 Following the completion of the IPO, Silicon Valley Bank net exercised all common stock warrants then outstanding for shares of Class A common stock. As such, there are common stock warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 September 2023 October 2013 October 2023 December 2016 
 December 2026 Total 
 
 NOTE 9 
 shares of common stock. In January 2018, the Company increased the number of shares of common stock reserved under the 2009 Stock Plan by shares to shares. In April 2019, the Board of Directors approved the adoption of the 2019 Stock Plan ("2019 Stock Plan", and together with the 2009 Stock Plan, "Stock Plans"). The 2019 Stock Plan permitted the Company to grant up to additional shares, increasing the overall common stock reserved for grant under the Stock Plans to shares. In September 2021, under the 2019 Stock Plan, the Board of Directors approved the grant of restricted stock units under the 2019 Stock Plan, which consisted of an aggregate of shares of each of Class A and LT50 common stock effective immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Company's IPO Registration Statement. On November 9, 2021, the Board of Directors amended and restated the 2019 Stock Plan to, among other things, increase the common stock reserved for issuance under the 2019 Stock Plan to an aggregate of shares of Class A and LT50 common stock. 
 Following the completion of the IPO, the Company did not and does not intend to make any further grants under the Stock Plans. However, the Stock Plans will continue to govern the terms and conditions of the outstanding awards granted under the Stock Plans. Upon the expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, withholding of shares upon exercise or settlement of an award to satisfy the exercise price or tax withholding, or repurchase of any shares of Class A common stock underlying outstanding stock-based awards granted under the 2009 Stock Plan or of Class A or LT50 common stock underlying outstanding stock-based awards granted under the 2019 Stock Plan, an equal number of shares of Class A common stock will become available for grant under the 2021 Incentive Award Plan ("2021 Plan") and the Company's Stock Purchase and Matching Plan ("Matching Plan" and together with the 2021 Plan, "2021 Incentive Plans"). 
 2021 Incentive Plans 
 In November 2021, the Company's Board of Directors adopted, and its stockholders approved, the 2021 Incentive Plans, which both became effective immediately before the effectiveness of the IPO Registration Statement and use a combined share reserve. Under the 2021 Incentive Plans, 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2021 Incentive Plans will automatically increase each subsequent January 1 through January 1, 2031, by the lesser of (A) of the aggregate number of shares of all classes of common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding calendar year, or (B) such lesser number of shares as determined by the Company s Board of Directors or compensation committee; provided, however, that no more than shares of Class A common stock may be issued upon the exercise of incentive stock options. 
 Stock Purchase and Matching Plan 
 The Matching Plan operates using consecutive three month offering periods that commenced on March 15, 2022. Service Providers of the Company can participate in the Matching Plan by electing to contribute compensation through payroll deductions or from fee payments or may be granted discretionary awards under the Matching Plan. On the last day of the offering period the contributions made during the offering period are used to purchase shares of Class A common stock. 
 The price at which Class A common stock is purchased under the Matching Plan equals the average of the high and low trading price of a share of Class A common stock as of the last trading day of the offering period. At the end of each offering period, the Company may provide a discretionary match up to 1/10 of a share of Class A common stock for each share of Class A common stock purchased by or issued to a service provider under the Matching Plan that is retained through the end of the applicable offering period. No fractional shares will be issued by the Company. The Company will round to the nearest full share for shares purchased by a Service Provider as well as any matched shares issued to a Service Provider under the Matching Plan. The match rate applicable to each offering period shall be limited to of the shares of any class of capital stock outstanding as of the exercise date applicable to such offering period. The Company estimates the fair value of matched shares provided under the Matching Plan using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model on the date of grant. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense related to the matched shares pursuant to its Matching Plan on a straight-line basis over the applicable three month offering period. 
 Service Providers who participated in the Matching Plan for the offering period ended June 14, 2022 purchased a total of in Class A common shares, based on a purchase price of , resulting in gross cash proceeds to the Company of million. 
 Service Providers who participated in the Matching Plan for the offering period ended September 14, 2022 purchased a total of in Class A common shares, based on a purchase price of , resulting in gross cash proceeds to the Company of million. 
 Service Providers who participated in the Matching Plan for the offering period ended December 15, 2022 purchased a total of in Class A common shares, based on a purchase price of , resulting in gross cash proceeds to the Company of million. 
 The Company elected to match each share of Class A common stock purchased by or issued under the Matching Plan with 1/20 of a share of Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company granted shares of Class A common stock under the Matching Plan, respectively. 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

RSUs were granted as of December 31, 2020 for either plan. In September 2021, under the 2019 Stock Plan, the Company's Board of Directors approved and authorized restricted stock units to be granted, which consisted of an aggregate of shares each of Class A and LT50 common stock effective as of immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Company's IPO Registration Statement. Of this total, RSUs, comprised of shares of each of Class A and LT50 common stock were considered granted for accounting purposes in September 2021 to the Company's named executive officers and certain members of management as the Company and these certain Service Providers had a mutual understanding of the key terms and conditions of the award on the board approval date, which occurred on September 24, 2021. RSUs granted to Service Providers in September 2021 vest upon the satisfaction of both a performance and service condition. The performance condition was satisfied immediately prior to the effectiveness of the IPO Registration Statement. The service condition for these awards is satisfied over with a cliff vest for 1/8 of the grant on September 15, 2022 and quarterly vesting of 1/32 of the grant every December 15, March 15, June 15 and September 15 thereafter until fully vested. 
 In November 2021, the Company granted RSUs, comprised of shares of each of Class A common stock and LT50 common stock, to certain Service Providers that were not included in the September RSU grant. These RSUs only have a service condition, which is equivalent with the service condition of the awards granted in September 2021, and were deemed granted for accounting purposes on November 10, 2021, the date these certain Service Providers had a mutual understanding of the key terms and conditions of the award. 
 On March 28, 2022, the Company granted a Service Provider RSUs, comprised of shares each of Class A common stock and LT50 common stock, at a grant date fair value of per share. These RSUs only have a service condition, which is satisfied over approximately with a cliff vest for 1/8 of the grant on September 15, 2022 and quarterly vesting of 1/32 of the grant every December 15, March 15, June 15 and September 15 thereafter until fully vested. 
 Pursuant to the Company's Non-Employee Director Compensation Program, which was adopted under the 2021 Incentive Plans, the Company granted Class A common stock RSUs during the year ended December 31, 2022. A total of Class A common stock RSUs vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to previously granted RSU awards as the quarterly service conditions were satisfied. 
 The Company granted Class A common stock RSUs to members of the Company's audit committee during November 2021 in connection with each member's initial appointment to the Board of Directors and consummation of the IPO. For accounting purposes, the grant date was considered to be November 12, 2021 as this was the date the Company filed its IPO price pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4). The IPO price was a key determination of the number of RSUs awarded to members of the Audit Committee and therefore on this date the Company and each Audit Committee member had a mutual understanding of the key terms and conditions of the awards granted. The RSUs granted vest upon the earlier of the satisfaction of a service condition or a performance condition, which is considered a change in control event. The service condition for these awards is satisfied over with quarterly vesting of the grant until fully vested. 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

RSUs granted RSUs vested ) ) RSUs cancelled/forfeited/expired ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 33.88 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unamortized stock-based compensation cost related to unvested RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average life of years. As of December 31, 2021, there was million of unamortized stock-based compensation cost related to unvested RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average life of years. 
 Stock Options 
 The Stock Plans and the 2021 Plan provide for the grant of incentive and nonstatutory stock options to employees, non-employee directors and consultants of the Company. Under the Stock Plans and the 2021 Plan, the exercise price of incentive stock options must be equal to at least of the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date for a ten-percent holder or of the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date for any other participant. The exercise price of nonstatutory options granted must be equal to at least of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 
 The Company has only granted options under the Stock Plans. Options typically vest over and are exercisable at any time after the grant date, provided that Service Providers exercising unvested options receive restricted common stock that is subject to repurchase at the original exercise price upon termination of service. The repurchase right lapses in accordance with the vesting schedule of the exercised option . Early exercises of options prior to vesting are not deemed to be substantive exercises for accounting purposes and accordingly, amounts received for early exercises of unvested options are recorded as a liability. These repurchase terms are considered to be a forfeiture provision and do not result in variable accounting. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company repurchased an immaterial amount of exercised restricted common stock. There were repurchases of exercised restricted common stock during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares subject to repurchase, respectively, related to unvested stock options that had been early exercised. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a liability related to shares subject to repurchase of million and million, respectively, which is included within Accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets . These amounts are reclassified to common stock and additional paid in capital as the underlying shares vest. 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Exercisable at December 31, 2020 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options cancelled/forfeited/expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2021 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options cancelled/forfeited/expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The to tal pretax intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million , and million , respectively . The total pretax intrinsic value of options outstanding at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million , and million , respectively. The intrinsic value is the difference between the estimated fair market value of the Company s common stock at the date of exercise and the exercise price for in-the-money options. No options were granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 . The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 , there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to unvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years . As of December 31, 2021, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to unvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of December 31, 2020, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to unvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Cash received from option exercises and purchases of shares under the Stock Plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, re spectively. 
 Prior to the IPO, t 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Exercise price per share Expected dividend yield (1) 
 Risk-free interest rate (2) 
 Expected volatility (3) 
 Expected life (in years) (4) 
 
 (1) The Company has no history or expectation of paying cash dividends on its common stock. 
 (2) The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a term consistent with the expected life of the awards in effect at the time of grant. 
 (3) The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock at the date of grant based on the expected weighted-average volatility for a group of publicly traded companies in a similar industry or with similar service offerings, with a term of one year or greater. There have been no grants of stock options after the completion of the IPO. 
 (4) The expected life of stock options granted under the option plans is determined using the simplified method, which deems the expected life to be the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the stock-based awards. The expected life represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 The following table summarizes the stock-based compensation expense recognized for options granted under the 2009 Stock Plan, options and RSUs granted under the 2019 Stock Plan, RSUs granted under the 2021 Plan and matching shares issued under the Matching Plan (in thousands): 
 Secondary sales of common stock Matching shares Restricted stock units Total stock-based compensation 
 Stock-based compensation expense is allocated based on the cost center to which the award holder spent time during the reported periods. Stock-based compensation is included in the following components of expenses on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands): 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cost of revenue, net Research and development General and administrative Sales and marketing Total stock-based compensation expense 
 Stock-based compensation expense capitalized as internally developed software costs was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This amount was not material for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 For RSUs granted in September 2021, the Company recorded a cumulative one-time stock-based compensation expense on the date the performance condition was satisfied for the requisite service period satisfied by the employees prior to that date. Upon the date of the performance condition being 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million related to these RSUs. The Company will recognize all remaining stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period using an accelerated graded method. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company's Chief Executive Officer, David Barrett, among other employees, sold a portion of their common stock to new investors. Due to the Company s involvement in these transaction, the sales of common stock were determined to be compensatory, and the Company recorded million to stock-based compensation expense for the sale price in excess of fair value. 
 for annual grants and for initial RSUs granted to members of the Audit Committee. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, total stock-based compensation recorded by the Company related to members of the Audit Committee was million and million, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 10) ) Foreign Total (loss) income before taxes ) )) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) Deferred: Federal ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total (provision for) benefit from income taxes ) ) 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

State tax (1) 
 ) Research and development credit Rate differentials for controlled foreign corporations and charitable organizations ) Permanent items and others Stock-based compensation ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) 162(m) limitation ) ) Effective income tax rate ) 
 . 
 Tax credit carryforwards Accruals and reserves Stock-based compensation Interest expense limitation Lease liabilities Charitable contributions Property and equipment Capitalized research and development Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Capitalized software development costs ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets, net 
 The TCJA requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize research and experimental ("R D") expenditures under Internal Revenue Code Section 174 for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021. This rule became effective for the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 and resulted in the capitalization of R D costs of million which was offset by a valuation allowance. The 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had state research and development tax credit carryforwards of million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company also had U.S. federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively. The state tax credits do not expire and will carry forward indefinitely until utilized. 
 The Company follows the provisions of ASC 740-10, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes . ASC 740-10 prescribes a comprehensive model for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure in financial statements of uncertain tax positions that have been taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded an uncertain tax position liability, exclusive of interest and penalties, of million and million respectively, within Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had million, million and million of unrecognized tax benefits, respectively. Approximately million of the unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. 
 Additions based on tax positions related to current year Additions based on tax positions of prior year ) Balance as of December 31 
 The Company recognizes penalties and interest expense related to income taxes as a component of tax expense. There are immaterial amounts of interest and penalties recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 and in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. There are no positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within 12 months of the reporting date. 
 The Company's federal and state returns for the tax years ended from December 2018 to December 2021 remain open to examination. 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 11) Denominator Weighted-average shares of common stock used to compute net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to Class A, LT10 and LT50 common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 The rights, including the liquidation and dividend rights, of the holders of Class A, LT10 and LT50 common stock are identical, except with respect to voting, conversion and transfer rights. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to vote per share, each share of LT10 common stock is entitled to votes per share and each share of LT50 common stock is entitled to votes per share. Each share of LT10 and LT50 common stock is convertible into share of Class A common stock voluntarily at the option of the holder after the satisfaction of certain requirements, which includes a -month notice period for LT10 common stock and a -month notice period for LT50 common stock to convert to Class A common stock, or automatically upon certain events. The Class A common stock has no conversion rights. As the liquidation and dividend rights are identical for Class A, LT10 and LT50 common stock, the undistributed earnings are allocated on a proportional basis based on the number of weighted-average shares within each class of common stock during the period and the resulting net loss per share attributable to common stockholders will be the same for the Class A, LT10 and LT50 common stock on an individual or combined basis. 
 Weighted-average stock options Matching shares Convertible preferred stock Total 
 
 NOTE 12 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 13 
 of each participant s eligible compensation. The Company s actual contribution may be reduced by certain available forfeitures, if any, during the plan year. discretionary profit-sharing contributions were made for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 . The Company s 401(k) matching contributions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 of each participant's eligible compensation. The Company s actual contribution may be reduced by certain available forfeitures, if any, during the plan year. discretionary profit-sharing contributions were made for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 . The discretionary matching contributions were million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and . 
 
 NOTE 14 
 million, million, and million, respectively, to its wholly-owned subsidiary, Expensify.org. There was an amount of commitments from Expensify, Inc. that remained open for contribution as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred sales and marketing expenses of million, related to partner payouts and advertising fees paid to CPA.com. CPA.com is considered a related party to the Company as Timothy L. Christen, the Chairman of the Company's audit committee 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 Expensify, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

128 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures, and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Based on such evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. Please see below for a discussion of the Company s remediation of a previously-reported material weakness. 
 MANAGEMENT'S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 Our management, under the supervision of our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 REMEDIATION EFFORTS TO ADDRESS THE PREVIOUSLY DISCLOSED MATERIAL WEAKNESS 
 In connection with management s assessment of controls over financial reporting during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we identified a material weakness in our internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness that we identified related to insufficient technical skills to address complex issues and accounting matters combined with insufficient accounting staff and internal control knowledge to design and implement processes and controls, as well as perform said reviews, including reviews of the completeness and accuracy of reports used to record journal entries, necessary to ensure material misstatements do not occur. To address this material weakness, we developed and refined our disclosure controls and other procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We also worked to improve our internal control over financial reporting, including improving the controls around our key accounting processes and our quarterly close process, and we hired additional accounting and finance personnel to help us implement these processes and controls. 
 The remediation efforts were intended both to address the identified material weakness and to enhance our overall financial control environment. As a result of the remediation activities and controls in place as of December 31, 2022, the material weakness has been remediated. 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Except for the remediation efforts described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 LIMITATIONS OF EFFECTIVENESS OF CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 The information set forth below is being voluntarily provided under this Item 9B. 
 On February 13, 2023, Ryan Schaffer submitted his resignation as one of the three trustees of the Voting Trust, effective as of May 14, 2023 or, if earlier, the date on which certain applicable state regulatory approvals have been received, due to his no longer satisfying the beneficial ownership requirements of Section 1(b)(iii) of the Voting Trust Agreement. Pursuant to Section 1(b)(iii) of the Voting Trust Agreement, the remaining trustees voted to appoint Garrett Knight, and Mr. Knight consented, to succeed Mr. Schaffer as trustee upon the effectiveness of Mr. Schaffer s resignation. Mr. Knight has also agreed to execute a joinder to become a party to the Voting Trust Agreement, as trustee, in connection with the effectiveness of his appointment. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 150 

Table of Contents 

 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in, and is incorporated by reference to, our 2023 Proxy Statement (the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 151 

Table of Contents 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in, and is incorporated by reference to, the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in, and is incorporated by reference to, the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in, and is incorporated by reference to, the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in, and is incorporated by reference to, the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 152 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are refiled as part of this report: 
 1. Financial Statements 
 See Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the information is not required under the related instructions or is not applicable or because the information required is already included in the financial statements or the notes to those financial statements. 
 3. Exhibits 
 The documents set forth below are filed herewith or incorporated herein by reference to the location indicated. 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Name Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 
 8-K 001-41043 3.2 November 15, 2021 4.1 Form of Class A Common Stock Certificate. 
 S-1/A 333-260297 4.1 November 01, 2021 4.2 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2015, by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders. 
 S-1/A 333-260297 4.2 October 18, 2021 4.3 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated September 19, 2013, by and between the Registrant and Silicon Valley Bank. 
 S-1/A 333-260297 4.3 October 18, 2021 4.4 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated December 20, 2016, by and between the Registrant and Silicon Valley Bank. 
 S-1/A 333-260297 4.4 October 18, 2021 4.5 
 Description of Registrant's Securities. 
 9.1 Expensify Voting Trust Agreement 
 10-K 001-41043 9.1 March 31, 2022 10.1 Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2021, by and between the Registrant, the Borrowers party thereto, and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.1 October 18, 2021 
 153 

Table of Contents 

 10.2 Loan Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2019, by and between the Borrower party thereto, the Registrant, as Guarantor, and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.2 October 18, 2021 10.3 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and David Barrett. 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.3 October 18, 2021 10.4 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Ryan Schaffer. 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.4 October 18, 2021 10.5 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Anuradha Muralidharan. 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.5 October 18, 2021 10.6 
 2009 Stock Plan 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.6 November 01, 2021 10.7 
 2009 Stock Plan Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant (EMI) 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.7 November 01, 2021 10.8 
 2009 Stock Plan Form of Option Agreement 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.8 November 01, 2021 10.9 
 2019 Stock Plan 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.9 November 01, 2021 10.10 
 2019 Stock Plan Form of Early Exercise Notice and Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.10 November 01, 2021 10.11 
 2019 Stock Plan Form of Exercise Agreement (EMI) 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.11 November 01, 2021 10.12 
 2019 Stock Plan Form of Exercise Agreement 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.12 November 01, 2021 10.13 
 2019 Stock Plan Form of Option Agreement (early exercise) (Reg S) 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.13 November 01, 2021 10.14 
 2019 Stock Plan Form of Option Agreement (early exercise) 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.14 November 01, 2021 10.15 
 2019 Stock Plan Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant (EMI) 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.15 November 01, 2021 10.16 
 2019 Stock Plan - Form of Contingent Exercise Agreement 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.16 November 01, 2021 10.17 
 2019 Plan - Form of RSU Agreement 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.17 November 01, 2021 10.18 
 2021 Incentive Award Plan 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.18 November 01, 2021 10.19 2021 Stock Purchase and Matching Plan 
 10-K 001-41043 10.19 March 31, 2022 10.20 
 2021 Plan - Form of RSU Agreement 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.20 November 01, 2021 10.21 
 2021 Plan - Form of Option Agreement 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.21 November 01, 2021 10.22 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Program 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.22 November 01, 2021 10.23 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers 
 S-1/A 333-260297 10.23 November 01, 2021 
 154 

Table of Contents 

 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 S-1/A 333-260297 21.1 November 01, 2021 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP as to the Registrant. 
 24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page). 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkable Document. 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 Filed herewith. Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Furnished herewith. The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 155 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 EXPENSIFY, INC. 
 By: 
 /s/ David Barrett 
 David Barrett 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: March 8, 2023 

Power of Attorney 
 KNOWN BY ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints David Barrett and Ryan Schaffer, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, proxies, and agents, each with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-factor, proxies, and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, proxies, and agents, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Table of Contents 

 Signature 
 Title 
 Date 
 /s/ David Barrett Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 8, 2023 David Barrett 
 /s/ Ryan Schaffer Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 8, 2023 Ryan Schaffer 
 /s/ Anuradha Muralidharan Director March 8, 2023 Anuradha Muralidharan 
 /s/ Daniel Vidal Director March 8, 2023 Daniel Vidal 
 /s/ Jason Mills Director March 8, 2023 Jason Mills 
 /s/ Tim Christen Director March 8, 2023 Tim Christen 
 /s/ Ellen Pao Director March 8, 2023 Ellen Pao 
 /s/ Ying (Vivian) Liu Director March 8, 2023 Ying (Vivian) Liu 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 exhibit31-10xk2022.htm
 EX-3.1

Document 
 Exhibit 3.1 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF 
 EXPENSIFY, INC. 
 Expensify, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), hereby certifies as follows 
 1. The name of the corporation is Expensify, Inc. The date of the filing of its original certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was April 29, 2009. 
 2. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (this Certificate of Incorporation ), which restates, integrates and further amends the certificate of incorporation of this corporation as heretofore amended and restated, has been duly adopted by the corporation in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the DGCL and has been adopted by the requisite vote of the stockholders of the corporation, acting by written consent in lieu of a meeting in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL. 
 3. The certificate of incorporation of this corporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 NAME 
 The name of the corporation is Expensify, Inc. (hereinafter called the Corporation ). 
 ARTICLE II 
 REGISTERED OFFICE AND AGENT 
 The address of the Corporation s registered office in the State of Delaware is 3500 South DuPont Highway, Dover, Delaware, County of Kent, 19901. The name of its registered agent at such address is Incorporating Services, Ltd. 
 ARTICLE III 
 PURPOSE 
 The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL. 
 1 

ARTICLE IV 
 CAPITAL STOCK 
 Section 1. Authorized Shares . 
 The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,060,000,000 shares, consisting of one billion (1,000,000,000) shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ), 25 million (25,000,000) shares of LT10 Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share LT10 Common Stock ), 25 million (25,000,000) shares of LT50 Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share LT50 Common Stock , and together with the LT10 Common Stock, the LT Common Stock , and together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock ), and ten million (10,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Preferred Stock ). Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock, the number of authorized shares of Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock and LT50 Common Stock or Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below (i) the number of shares thereof then outstanding and (ii) with respect to the Class A Common Stock, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock reserved pursuant to Section 3(G)(ix) of this Article IV) by the affirmative vote of the holders of capital stock representing a majority of the voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL. 
 Section 2. Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, each of such series to have such terms as stated or expressed herein and in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such series adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board as hereinafter provided. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock and except as otherwise provided by law, any shares of Preferred Stock that may be redeemed, purchased or acquired by the Corporation may be reissued by the Corporation. 
 Authority is hereby expressly granted to the Board from time to time to issue the Preferred Stock in one or more series and in connection with the creation of any such series, by adopting a resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of the shares thereof and by filing a certificate of designations relating thereto in accordance with the DGCL, to determine and fix the number of shares of such series and such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including without limitation thereof, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, as shall be stated and expressed in such resolutions, all to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the resolutions providing for issuance of any series of Preferred Stock may provide that such series shall be superior, equal or junior to any other series of Preferred Stock to the extent permitted by law. 
 2 

Section 3. Common Stock 
 (A) Equal Status . Except as otherwise required by law or as expressly set forth in this Section 3 of Article IV, shares of Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock and LT50 Common Stock shall have the same rights, privileges and powers, rank equally, share ratably and be identical in all respects as to all matters. The voting, dividend, liquidation and other rights, powers and preferences of the holders of Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock and LT50 Common Stock are subject to, and qualified by, the rights, powers and preferences of holders of the Preferred Stock of any series as may be designated by the Board upon any issuance of the Preferred Stock of any series. 
 (B) Voting . Except as otherwise required by applicable law, at all meetings of stockholders and on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation generally, each holder of Class A Common Stock, as such, shall have the right to one (1) vote per share of Class A Common Stock held of record by such holder, each holder of LT10 Common Stock, as such, shall have the right to ten (10) votes per share of LT10 Common Stock held of record by such holder, and each holder of LT50 Common Stock, as such, shall have the right to fifty (50) votes per share of LT50 Common Stock held of record by such holder. Except as otherwise required by applicable law or provided in this Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock and LT50 Common Stock, as such, shall (i) at all times vote together as a single class on all matters (including the election of directors) submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation generally, (ii) be entitled to notice of any stockholders meeting in accordance with the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation (as the same may be amended and or restated from time to time, the Bylaws ), and (iii) be entitled to vote upon such matters and in such manner as may be provided by applicable law provided, however , that, except as otherwise required by applicable law, holders of Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock and LT50 Common Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Certificate of Incorporation that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation or applicable law. There shall be no cumulative voting. 
 (C) Dividend Rights . Subject to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock or any class or series of stock having a preference over or the right to participate with the Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock or LT50 Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends in cash, property or shares of capital stock of the Corporation, dividends may be declared and paid on the shares of Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock or LT50 Common Stock, out of any assets of the Corporation legally available therefore at such times and in such amounts as the Board in its discretion shall determine provided, however, that in the event a dividend is paid in the form of shares of Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock or LT50 Common Stock (or in rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares), then holders of Class A Common Stock shall be entitled to receive shares of Class A Common Stock (or rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares, as the case may be), holders of LT10 Common Stock shall be entitled to receive shares of LT10 Common Stock (or rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares, as the case may be), and holders 
 3 

of LT50 Common Stock shall be entitled to receive shares of LT50 Common Stock (or rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares, as the case may be), with holders of shares of Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock and LT50 Common Stock receiving, on a per share basis, an identical number of shares of Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock or LT50 Common Stock as the case may be (or rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares, as the case may be), as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may declare and the Corporation may pay a disparate dividend per share of Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock or LT50 Common Stock (whether the disparity shall be in the amount of such dividend payable per share, the form in which such dividend is payable (whether it shall be payable in cash, shares of capital stock of the Corporation, other securities of the Corporation, or any combination of the foregoing), the timing of the payment, or otherwise). 
 (D) Subdivisions, Combinations or Reclassifications . Shares of Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock and LT50 Common Stock may not be subdivided, combined or reclassified unless the shares of the other classes are concurrently therewith proportionately subdivided, combined or reclassified in a manner that maintains the same proportionate equity ownership between the holders of the outstanding Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock and LT50 Common Stock on the record date for such subdivision, combination or reclassification provided, however , that shares of one such class may be subdivided, combined or reclassified in a different or disproportionate manner if such subdivision, combination or reclassification is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock and LT50 Common Stock, each voting separately as a class. 
 (E) Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up . Subject to the preferential or other rights of any holders of Preferred Stock then outstanding, upon the dissolution, distribution of assets, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock and LT50 Common Stock will be entitled to receive ratably all assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders unless disparate or different treatment of the shares of each such class with respect to distributions upon any such liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or winding up is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, LT10 Common Stock and LT50 Common Stock, each voting separately as a class. 
 (F) Restrictions on Transfers of Shares of LT Common Stock . 
 (i) To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, no holder of LT Common Stock shall Transfer any shares of LT Common Stock to any person or entity unless the requirements set forth in Section 3(H) of this Article IV have been satisfied. Transfer of a share of LT Common Stock means any sale, contract to sell, assignment, transfer, conveyance, hypothecation, pledge, sale of any option or contract to purchase, purchase of any option or contract to sell, grant of any option, right or warrant to purchase, hedging, swap or other agreement or transaction that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership, (including, without limitation, any short sale or the purchase or sale of, or entry into, any put or call option, or combination thereof, forward, swap or any other derivative transaction or instrument, however described or defined), loan, or other transfer or disposition of such share 
 4 

or any legal or beneficial interest in such share, whether or not for value, whether direct or indirect, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such share of LT Common Stock, in cash or otherwise, and whether voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law, and shall include, without limitation, (a) a transfer of a share of LT Common Stock to a broker or other nominee (regardless of whether or not there is a corresponding change in beneficial ownership) or (b) the transfer of, or entering into a binding agreement with respect to, the exclusive power (whether directly or indirectly) to vote or direct the voting of such share of LT Common Stock, including by proxy, voting agreement or otherwise provided, however, that a Transfer shall not include (1) the grant of a proxy to officers or directors of the Corporation at the request of the Board in connection with actions to be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders (2) any Transfer to or by the trust (the Expensify Voting Trust established under that certain Voting Trust Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2021, by and between the Company and the holders named therein (as it may be amended and or restated from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Voting Trust Agreement (3) a Transfer to a decedent s estate upon the death of a holder of LT Common Stock (4) an Exchange as defined in and pursuant to Section 3(H)(iii) of this Article IV or (5) the fact that the spouse of any holder of LT Common Stock possesses or obtains an interest in such holder s shares of LT Common Stock arising solely by reason of the application of the property transfer laws of any jurisdiction, so long as no other event or circumstance shall exist or have occurred that constitutes a Transfer of such shares of LT Common Stock. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board shall be able to waive, upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Board, any or all of the requirements of Section 3(H) of this Article IV with respect to the Transfer of any shares of LT Common Stock. 
 (iii) Any Transfer of shares of LT Common Stock not made in accordance with this Section 3(F) and Section 3(H), or pursuant to Section 3(G), of this Article IV shall be void ab initio , and the Corporation shall not treat the transferee in such transaction as a holder of such shares for any purpose. 
 (G) Conversion of LT Common Stock . 
 (i) Optional Conversion by Holder of LT Common Stock . Each share of LT Common Stock shall be convertible into one (1) fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock at the option of the holder thereof solely upon the satisfaction of and subject to the requirements set forth in Section 3(H) of this Article IV. 
 (ii) Automatic Conversion Upon Certain Transfers . Except in the case of a Non-Converting Transfer, each share of LT Common Stock shall automatically, without further action by the Corporation or the holder thereof, convert into one (1) fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock upon the occurrence of a Transfer of such share of LT Common Stock, provided that such Transfer is made in compliance with the requirements outlined in Section 3(F) and Section 3(H) of this Article IV. For the avoidance of doubt, any Transfer of shares of LT Common Stock not made in accordance with such provisions shall be void and the Corporation shall not treat the transferee in such transaction as a holder of such shares for any purposes. A Non-Converting Transfer means a Transfer of shares of LT Common Stock (i) to be held in trust by the Trustees of the Expensify Voting Trust (ii) in an Exchange as defined in 
 5 

and pursuant to Section 3(H)(iii) of this Article IV (iii) to the estate of a decedent holder of LT Common Stock, upon such holder s death or (iv) approved in advance by the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Board. 
 (iii) Automatic Conversion Upon Reduction in Outstanding Shares . Each outstanding share of LT Common Stock shall automatically, without further action by the Corporation or the holder thereof, convert into one (1) fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock upon the first date on which the then-outstanding shares of LT Common Stock represent less than two percent (2 of all then-outstanding shares of Common Stock. 
 (iv) Policies and Procedures . The Corporation may, from time to time, establish such policies and procedures, not in violation of applicable law or the other provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation, relating to the conversion of the LT Common Stock into Class A Common Stock and the general administration of this multi-class stock structure, including the issuance of stock certificates with respect thereto, as it may deem necessary or advisable, and may from time to time request that holders of shares of LT Common Stock furnish such certifications, affidavits or other proof to the Corporation as it deems necessary to verify the ownership of LT Common Stock and to confirm that a conversion to Class A Common Stock has not previously occurred. A determination by the Board that a Transfer has resulted or will result in a conversion of the LT Common Stock to Class A Common Stock shall be conclusive and binding on all persons to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 (v) Status of Converted Stock . In the event any shares of LT Common Stock are converted into shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to this Section 3, the shares of LT Common Stock so converted shall be retired and shall not be reissued by the Corporation. 
 (vi) Effect of Conversion on Payment of Dividends . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3(G), if the date on which any share of LT Common Stock is converted into Class A Common Stock pursuant to the provisions of this Section 3(G) occurs after the record date for the determination of holders of LT Common Stock entitled to receive any dividend to be paid on the shares of LT Common Stock, the holder of such shares of LT Common Stock as of such record date will be entitled to receive such dividend on such payment date provided , that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, to the extent that any such dividend is payable in shares of LT Common Stock (or rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares, as the case may be), such dividend shall be deemed to have been declared, and shall be payable in, shares of Class A Common Stock (or rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares, as the case may be), and no shares of LT Common Stock shall be issued in payment thereof. 
 (ix) Shares Reserved for Issuance . The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of LT Common Stock, such number of shares of Class A Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of LT Common Stock into shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 6 

(H) LT Common Stock Transfer and Conversion Requirements . 
 (i) Notice Requirement . Before any shares of LT Common Stock shall be converted into shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to Section 3(G)(i) of this Article IV or Transferred pursuant to Section 3(F) of this Article IV, the holder of such shares, or if such shares are held in the Expensify Voting Trust, the beneficial holder of such shares, shall provide written notice of such conversion or Transfer intent, delivered simultaneously to the Trustees (as defined in the Voting Trust Agreement) of the Expensify Voting Trust in the manner set forth in the Voting Trust Agreement and to the Corporation at its principal corporate office, and shall state therein the number of shares of LT10 Common Stock and or LT50 Common Stock to be so converted or Transferred. From and after the time that a holder of LT Common Stock is no longer an employee of or other service provider to the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, the Corporation shall have the right to submit a written notice of conversion on such holder s behalf, without the consent of such holder, delivered to the holder at the address of such holder set forth in the Company s books and records. 
 (ii) Notice Period . The Notice Period for each share of LT10 Common Stock shall be ten (10) months, and for each share of LT50 Common Stock shall be fifty (50) months, following the receipt of notice as set forth in Section 3(H)(i) of this Article IV. 
 (iii) Exchange . During the applicable Notice Period, the Trustees shall attempt to identify a holder of shares of Class A Common Stock who is an employee of or other service provider to the Corporation or a subsidiary and is interested in exchanging shares of Class A Common Stock (a Class A Transferor for the shares of LT Common Stock subject to the notice, on a one-for-one basis (an Exchange ). If a Class A Transferor is identified, the Trustees shall provide written notice to the holder of shares of LT Common Stock seeking to convert or Transfer shares of LT Common Stock pursuant to this Section 3(H) (the LT Holder ), the Class A Transferor and the Corporation, at its principal corporate office, stating the names of such LT Holder and Class A Transferor, the date on which the applicable notice period expires (the Notice Expiration Date ), and any applicable instructions to facilitate the Exchange. Prior to the Notice Expiration Date, (x) the Class A Transferor shall be required to deliver to the Corporation a written instrument or instruments of transfer with respect to the shares of Class A Common Stock that are the subject of the Exchange, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by such Class A Transferor, as well as, if applicable, a certificate or certificates representing such shares, provided, however, that if such shares of Class A Common Stock are held in the Expensify Voting Trust, such items shall be provided by the Trustees, (y) the LT Holder shall be required to deliver to the Trustees any written instrument or instruments requested by the Trustees, and (z) if the Class A Transferor is not a party to the Voting Trust Agreement, the Class A Transferor shall deliver to the Trustees an executed joinder agreement such that following the Exchange the Class A Transferor shall be a party to the Voting Trust Agreement and the shares of LT Common Stock subject to the Exchange shall remain in the Voting Trust. The Exchange shall be deemed effective immediately prior to the close of business on the first business day following the Notice Expiration Date provided, however, that the Corporation may extend such effective date by up to five (5) days if necessary to effectuate the Exchange (such date, the Effective Date ). The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable after the Effective Date, issue and deliver to such LT Holder a certificate or certificates representing the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to which such holder is entitled upon the Exchange (if such shares of 
 7 

Class A Common Stock are certificated) or shall register such shares of Class A Common Stock in book-entry form (if such shares of Class A Common Stock are uncertificated), and the Trustees shall revise the Trust Register (as defined in the Voting Trust Agreement) accordingly, in each case effective as of the Effective Date. 
 (iv) Conversion of LT Common Stock if No Exchange . If the Trustees are unable to identify a Class A Transferor to participate in an Exchange prior to the Notice Expiration Date, they shall provide written notice to the Corporation no later than one business day prior to the Notice Expiration Date, and the Corporation shall, as soon as practicable following the Notice Expiration Date, effectuate the conversion of the shares of LT Common Stock subject to the notice into shares of Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis in accordance with this Section 3(H)(iv). In the event of such a conversion, as soon as practicable following the Notice Expiration Date, the holder of record of LT Common Stock shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor (if any), duly endorsed, at the principal corporate office of the Corporation and shall provide written notice (the Conversion Notice to the Corporation at its principal corporate office stating therein the name or names (i) in which the certificate or certificates representing the shares of Class A Common Stock into which the shares of LT Common Stock being converted are to be issued (if such shares of Class A Common Stock are certificated), or (ii) in which such shares of Class A Common Stock are to be registered in book-entry form (if such shares of Class A Common Stock are uncertificated). If the shares of Class A Common Stock into which shares of LT Common Stock are to be converted are to be issued in a name or names other than the name of the beneficial holder of the shares of LT Common Stock being converted, such notice shall be accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the holder. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver to such holder, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates representing the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled upon conversion (if such shares of Class A Common Stock are certificated) or shall register such shares of Class A Common Stock in book-entry form (if such shares of Class A Common Stock are uncertificated). Any such conversion shall be deemed effective immediately prior to the close of business on the date of such surrender of the shares of LT Common Stock to be converted(the Conversion Effective Time ), which may occur following or contemporaneously with the provision of the Conversion Notice. The shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be deemed outstanding as of the Conversion Effective Time, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be deemed to be the record holder or holders of such shares of Class A Common Stock as of the Conversion Effective Time. 
 ARTICLE V 
 AMENDMENT OF THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change, adopt or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation provided, however, that notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but in addition to 
 8 

any vote of the holders of shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Certificate of Incorporation 
 (A) so long as any shares of LT10 Common Stock remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the prior affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of LT10 Common Stock, voting as a separate class, in addition to any other vote required by applicable law or this Certificate of Incorporation, directly or indirectly, whether by amendment, or through merger, recapitalization, consolidation or otherwise, amend, alter, change, repeal or adopt any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation (1) that alters or changes, any of the voting, conversion, dividend or liquidation provisions of the shares of LT10 Common Stock or other rights, powers, preferences or privileges of the shares of LT10 Common Stock (2) to provide for each share of LT50 Common Stock to have more than fifty (50) votes per share or for each share of Class A Common Stock to have more than one (1) vote per share or any rights to a separate class vote of the holders of the LT50 Common Stock or the shares of Class A Common Stock other than as provided by this Certificate of Incorporation or required by the DGCL or (3) to otherwise adversely impact the rights, powers, preferences or privileges of the shares of LT10 Common Stock in a manner that is disparate from the manner in which it affects the rights, powers, preferences or privileges of the shares of LT50 Common Stock or the shares of Class A Common Stock 
 (B) so long as any shares of LT50 Common Stock remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the prior affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of LT50 Common Stock, voting as a separate class, in addition to any other vote required by applicable law or this Certificate of Incorporation, directly or indirectly, whether by amendment, or through merger, recapitalization, consolidation or otherwise, amend, alter, change, repeal or adopt any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation (1) that alters or changes, any of the voting, conversion, dividend or liquidation provisions of the shares of LT50 Common Stock or other rights, powers, preferences or privileges of the shares of LT50 Common Stock (2) to provide for each share of LT10 Common Stock to have more than ten (10) votes per share or for each share of Class A Common Stock to have more than one (1) vote per share or any rights to a separate class vote of the holders of the LT10 Common Stock or the shares of Class A Common Stock other than as provided by this Certificate of Incorporation or required by the DGCL or (3) to otherwise adversely impact the rights, powers, preferences or privileges of the shares of LT50 Common Stock in a manner that is disparate from the manner in which it affects the rights, powers, preferences or privileges of the shares of LT10 Common Stock or the shares of Class A Common Stock and 
 (C) so long as any shares of Class A Common Stock remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the prior affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, voting as a separate class, in addition to any other vote required by applicable law or this Certificate of Incorporation, directly or indirectly, whether by amendment, or through merger, recapitalization, consolidation or otherwise, amend, alter, change, repeal or adopt any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation to provide for each share of LT10 Common Stock to have more than ten (10) votes per share or for each share of LT50 Common Stock to have more than fifty (50) votes per share or for any rights to a separate class vote of the holders of shares of LT10 Common Stock or LT50 Common Stock, or of LT10 Common Stock 
 9 

and LT50 Common Stock voting together as a single class, other than as provided by this Certificate of Incorporation or required by the DGCL. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS 
 In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the DGCL, the Board shall have the power to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. The stockholders shall also have the power to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws provided, however, that in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Certificate of Incorporation, such action by stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 ARTICLE VII 
 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 Section 1. Number of Directors . 
 (A) The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board, except as otherwise provided by law. 
 (B) Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, the number of the directors of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board, but shall initially be eight (8) members. Unless and except to the extent that the Bylaws shall so require, the election of directors of the Corporation need not be by written ballot. 
 Section 2. Terms of Office . 
 Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, each director shall serve for a term ending on the date of the next annual meeting of stockholders following the annual meeting of stockholders at which such director was elected provided, further, that the term of each director shall continue until the election and qualification of his or her successor and be subject to his or her earlier death, disqualification, resignation or removal. 
 Section 3. Vacancies 
 Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock, any newly created directorship that results from an increase in the number of directors or any vacancies on the Board that result from the death, resignation, disqualification or removal from office or from any other cause shall be filled solely by the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Board then in office, even if less than a quorum of the Board, or by a sole remaining director, and shall not be filled by the stockholders. Any director so chosen shall hold office until his or her successor shall be duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, disqualification, resignation or removal. 
 10 

Section 4. Removal 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, any director may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least a majority in voting power of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 Section 5. Committees 
 For as long as the Expensify Voting Trust holds securities representing at least 50 of the voting power of outstanding capital stock of the Corporation, there shall be an Executive Committee of the Board, consisting of five (5) directors of the Corporation, which shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it provided that such committee shall not have power or authority in reference to the following matters (i) matters that must be approved by an Audit Committee of the Board, (ii) matters that must be approved by a committee qualified to grant equity to persons subject to Section 16 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for purposes of exempting transactions pursuant to Section 16b-3 thereunder, (iii) matters required under the DGCL to be approved by the full Board, or (iv) as otherwise required by SEC rules and the Stock Exchange Rules. The Executive Committee may not delegate any or all of its powers and authority to a subcommittee. 
 Section 6. Stockholder Nominations and Introduction of Business . 
 Advance notice of stockholder nominations for election of directors and other business to be brought by stockholders before a meeting of stockholders shall be given in the manner provided by the Bylaws. 
 Section 7. Preferred Stock Directors . 
 During any period when the holders of any series of Preferred Stock have the right to elect additional directors as provided for or fixed pursuant to the provisions of Article IV hereof or any certificate of designation of any series of Preferred Stock, then upon commencement and for the duration of the period during which such right continues (i) the then otherwise total number of authorized directors of the Corporation shall automatically be increased by such specified number of directors, and the holders of such Preferred Stock shall be entitled to elect the additional directors so provided for or fixed pursuant to said provisions, and (ii) each such additional director shall serve until such director s successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until such director s right to hold such office terminates pursuant to said provisions, whichever occurs earlier, subject to his earlier death, disqualification, resignation or removal. Except as otherwise provided for or fixed pursuant to the provisions of Article IV hereof or any certificate of designation of any series of Preferred Stock, whenever the holders of any series of Preferred Stock having such right to elect additional directors are divested of such right pursuant to the provisions of such stock, all such additional directors elected by the holders of such stock, or elected or appointed to fill any vacancies resulting from the death, resignation, disqualification or removal of such additional directors shall automatically cease to be qualified as directors, the 
 11 

terms of office of all such directors shall forthwith terminate and the total authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall be reduced accordingly. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 LIMITATION OF DIRECTOR LIABILITY 
 To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as the same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director provided, however , that nothing contained in this Article VIII shall eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) pursuant to the provisions of Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended. No amendment, repeal or modification of this Article VIII shall apply to or have any adverse effect on any right or protection of, or any limitation of the liability of, a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification. 
 ARTICLE IX 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 The Corporation shall have the power to provide rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses to its current and former officers, directors, employees and agents and to any person who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. 
 ARTICLE X 
 CONSENT OF STOCKHOLDERS IN LIEU OF MEETING 
 Subject to the terms of any series of Preferred Stock, (i) prior to the date on which the Expensify Voting Trust ceases to hold securities representing at least a majority of the voting power of outstanding capital stock of the Corporation, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation may be effected by consent in lieu of a meeting and (ii) following such date, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders and may not be effected by consent in lieu of a meeting. 
 12 

ARTICLE XI 
 SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 Subject to the terms of any series of Preferred Stock, special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by or at the direction of (i) the Board, (ii) the Chairman of the Board, (iii) the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation or (iv) prior to the date on which the Expensify Voting Trust ceases to hold securities representing at least a majority of the voting power of outstanding capital stock of the Corporation, the holders of a majority of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of meeting. 
 ARTICLE XII 
 FORUM SELECTION 
 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (a) the Court of Chancery (the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation or to the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action, suit or proceeding arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the bylaws of the Corporation or this Restated Certificate (as either may be amended or restated from time to time) or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Chancery Court or (iv) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware and (b) subject to the preceding provisions of this Article X, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause or causes of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of clause (a) of the immediately preceding sentence is filed in a court other than the courts in the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the provisions of clause (a) of the immediately preceding sentence and (y) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any security of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this Article X. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Article X shall not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 13 

If any provision or provisions of this Article X shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any circumstance for any reason whatsoever, (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article X (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Article X containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been executed this 15th day of November, 2021. 
 EXPENSIFY, INC. By s David Barrett Name David Barrett Title Chief Executive Officer 
 15 

CERTIFICATE OF RETIREMENT 
 OF 
 670 SHARES OF LT10 COMMON STOCK 
 OF 
 EXPENSIFY, INC. 
 
 Pursuant to Section 243(b) 
 of the General Corporation Law 
 of the State of Delaware 
 
 Expensify, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL (hereinafter the Corporation ), hereby certifies as follows 
 
 1. 670 outstanding shares of LT10 Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share LT10 Common Stock ), of the Corporation have been converted into 670 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ), of the Corporation. 
 2. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 15, 2021 provides that any shares of LT10 Common Stock which are converted into shares of Class A Common Stock shall be retired and may not be reissued by the Corporation. 
 3. The Board of Directors of the Corporation has adopted resolutions retiring the 670 shares of LT10 Common Stock that converted into 670 shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 4. Accordingly, pursuant to the provisions of Section 243(b) of the DGCL, upon the filing of this Certificate of Retirement the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be amended so as to reduce the total authorized number of shares of the capital stock of the Corporation by 670 shares, such that the total number of authorized shares of the Corporation shall be 1,059,999,330, such shares consisting of 1,000,000,000 shares designated Class A Common Stock, 24,999,330 shares designated LT10 Common Stock, 25,000,000 shares designated LT50 common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Corporation, and 10,000,000 shares designated preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Corporation. 
 
 Signature page follows. 
 1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Retirement to be signed by its duly authorized officer, this 26th day of April, 2022. 
 
 Expensify, Inc. By s Cole Eason Cole Eason Secretary 
 2 

CERTIFICATE OF RETIREMENT 
 OF 
 830 SHARES OF LT50 COMMON STOCK 
 OF 
 EXPENSIFY, INC. 
 
 Pursuant to Section 243(b) 
 of the General Corporation Law 
 of the State of Delaware 
 
 Expensify, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL (hereinafter the Corporation ), hereby certifies as follows 
 
 1. 830 outstanding shares of LT50 Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share LT50 Common Stock ), of the Corporation have been converted into 830 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ), of the Corporation. 
 2. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 15, 2021 provides that any shares of LT50 Common Stock which are converted into shares of Class A Common Stock shall be retired and may not be reissued by the Corporation. 
 3. The Board of Directors of the Corporation has adopted resolutions retiring the 830 shares of LT50 Common Stock that converted into 830 shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 4. Accordingly, pursuant to the provisions of Section 243(b) of the DGCL, upon the filing of this Certificate of Retirement the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be amended so as to reduce the total authorized number of shares of the capital stock of the Corporation by 830 shares, such that the total number of authorized shares of the Corporation shall be 1,059,998,500, such shares consisting of 1,000,000,000 shares designated Class A Common Stock, 24,999,330 shares designated LT10 Common Stock, 24,999,170 shares designated LT50 common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Corporation, and 10,000,000 shares designated preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Corporation. 
 
 Signature page follows. 
 1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Retirement to be signed by its duly authorized officer, this 27th day of May, 2022. 
 
 Expensify, Inc. By s Cole Eason Cole Eason Secretary 
 2 

CERTIFICATE OF RETIREMENT 
 OF 
 1,769 SHARES OF LT10 COMMON STOCK 
 OF 
 EXPENSIFY, INC. 
 
 Pursuant to Section 243(b) 
 of the General Corporation Law 
 of the State of Delaware 
 
 Expensify, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL (hereinafter the Corporation ), hereby certifies as follows 
 
 1. 1,769 outstanding shares of LT10 Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share LT10 Common Stock ), of the Corporation have been converted into 1,769 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ), of the Corporation. 
 2. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 15, 2021 provides that any shares of LT10 Common Stock which are converted into shares of Class A Common Stock shall be retired and may not be reissued by the Corporation. 
 3. The Board of Directors of the Corporation has adopted resolutions retiring the 1,769 shares of LT10 Common Stock that converted into 1,769 shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 4. Accordingly, pursuant to the provisions of Section 243(b) of the DGCL, upon the filing of this Certificate of Retirement the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be amended so as to reduce the total authorized number of shares of the capital stock of the Corporation by 1,769 shares, such that the total number of authorized shares of the Corporation shall be 1,059,996,731, such shares consisting of 1,000,000,000 shares designated Class A Common Stock, 24,997,561 shares designated LT10 Common Stock, 24,999,170 shares designated LT50 common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Corporation, and 10,000,000 shares designated preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Corporation. 
 
 Signature page follows. 
 1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Retirement to be signed by its duly authorized officer, this 4th day of August, 2022. 
 
 Expensify, Inc. By s Cole Eason Cole Eason Secretary 
 2 

CERTIFICATE OF RETIREMENT 
 OF 
 150 SHARES OF LT50 COMMON STOCK 
 OF 
 EXPENSIFY, INC. 
 
 Pursuant to Section 243(b) 
 of the General Corporation Law 
 of the State of Delaware 
 
 Expensify, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL (hereinafter the Corporation ), hereby certifies as follows 
 
 1. 150 outstanding shares of LT50 Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share LT50 Common Stock ), of the Corporation have been converted into 150 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ), of the Corporation. 
 2. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 15, 2021 provides that any shares of LT50 Common Stock which are converted into shares of Class A Common Stock shall be retired and shall not be reissued by the Corporation. 
 3. The Board of Directors of the Corporation has adopted resolutions retiring the 150 shares of LT50 Common Stock that converted into 150 shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 4. Accordingly, pursuant to the provisions of Section 243(b) of the DGCL, upon the filing of this Certificate of Retirement the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be amended so as to reduce the total authorized number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation by 150 shares, such that the total number of authorized shares of the Corporation shall be 1,059,996,581, such shares consisting of 1,000,000,000 shares designated Class A Common Stock, 24,997,561 shares designated LT10 Common Stock, 24,999,020 shares designated LT50 Common Stock, par value of 0.0001 per share, of the Corporation, and 10,000,000 shares designated preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Corporation. 
 
 Signature page follows. 
 1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Retirement to be signed by its duly authorized officer, this 22nd day of November, 2022. 
 
 Expensify, Inc. By s Cole Eason Cole Eason Secretary 
 2 

CERTIFICATE OF RETIREMENT 
 OF 
 735 SHARES OF LT10 COMMON STOCK 
 OF 
 EXPENSIFY, INC. 
 
 Pursuant to Section 243(b) 
 of the General Corporation Law 
 of the State of Delaware 
 
 Expensify, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL (hereinafter the Corporation ), hereby certifies as follows 
 
 1. 735 outstanding shares of LT10 Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share LT10 Common Stock ), of the Corporation have been converted into 735 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ), of the Corporation. 
 2. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 15, 2021 provides that any shares of LT10 Common Stock which are converted into shares of Class A Common Stock shall be retired and shall not be reissued by the Corporation. 
 3. The Board of Directors of the Corporation has adopted resolutions retiring the 735 shares of LT10 Common Stock that converted into 735 shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 4. Accordingly, pursuant to the provisions of Section 243(b) of the DGCL, upon the filing of this Certificate of Retirement the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be amended so as to reduce the total authorized number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation by 735 shares, such that the total number of authorized shares of the Corporation shall be 1,059,995,846, such shares consisting of 1,000,000,000 shares designated Class A Common Stock, 24,996,826 shares designated LT10 Common Stock, 24,999,020 shares designated LT50 Common Stock, par value of 0.0001 per share, of the Corporation, and 10,000,000 shares designated preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Corporation. 
 
 Signature page follows. 
 1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Retirement to be signed by its duly authorized officer, this 8th day of February, 2023. 
 
 Expensify, Inc. By s Cole Eason Cole Eason Secretary 
 2 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 exhibit45-10xk2022.htm
 EX-4.5

Document 
 Exhibit 4.5 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 The following summary describes the capital stock of Expensify, Inc. (the company, we, us, and our ). Because the following is only a summary, it does not contain all of the information that may be important to you and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporate Law (the DGCL and by the full text of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

General 
 The total number of shares of all classes of stock we are authorized to issue is 1,059,995,846, consisting of 
 1,000,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share 
 24,996,826 shares of LT10 common stock, par value 0.0001 per share 
 24,999,020 shares of LT50 common stock, par value 0.0001 per share and 
 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 
 
 Common Stock 
 We have three classes of authorized common stock Class A common stock, LT10 common stock and LT50 common stock. The rights of the holders of Class A common stock, LT10 common stock and LT50 common stock are identical, except with respect to voting, conversion and transfer rights. 
 
 Voting 
 Each holder of our Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share, each holder of our LT10 common stock is entitled to 10 votes per share and each holder of our LT50 common stock is entitled to 50 votes per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The holders of our common stock will generally vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, unless otherwise required by Delaware law or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Delaware law could require holders of our Class A, LT10 or LT50 common stock to vote separately as a single class in the following circumstances 
 
 if we were to seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to increase or decrease the par value of a class of our capital stock, then that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment and 
 
 if we were to seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation in a manner that alters or changes the powers, preferences or special rights of a class of 

our capital stock so as to affect them adversely, the holders of that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment provided that if the amendment adversely affects one or more series of the class but does not adversely affect all of the series of the class, then the only holders of the series that are adversely affected, voting together as a class, would be required to separately approve the amendment. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting for the election of directors. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 The holders of our Class A, LT10 and LT50 common stock are entitled to receive dividends if, as and when declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds. Subject to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of our preferred stock or any class or series having a preference over or the right to participate with the Class A, LT10 or LT50 common stock with respect to the payment of dividends in cash, our property or our shares of capital stock, dividends may be declared and paid on the shares of Class A, LT10 or LT50 common stock out of any assets of ours legally available therefore at such time and in such amounts as our board of directors shall determine provided that if a dividend or distribution is paid in the form of Class A common stock, LT10 common stock or LT50 common stock, respectively (or in rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares), then holders of Class A common stock shall be entitled to receive shares of Class A common stock (or rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares), holders of LT10 common stock shall be entitled to receive shares of LT10 common stock (or rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares), and holders of LT50 common stock shall be entitled to receive shares of LT50 common stock (or rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares), with holders of shares of Class A, LT10 and LT50 common stock receiving, on a per share basis, an identical number of shares of Class A, LT10 or LT50 common stock (or rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares, as the case may be), as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our board of directors may declare and we may pay a disparate dividend per share of Class A, LT10 or LT50 common stock (whether the disparity shall be in the amount of such dividend payable per share, the form in which such dividend is payable (whether it shall be payable in cash, shares of our capital stock, other of our securities or any combination of the foregoing), the timing of the payment or otherwise). 
 
 Conversion and Transfer 
 Shares of our Class A common stock are not convertible. Each share of Class A common stock is freely transferable, subject to compliance with any applicable lock-up, vesting requirements under our equity plans, laws, rules and regulations, and our insider trading policy. 
 
 Each share of our LT10 and LT50 common stock is convertible into one share of our Class A common stock at the option of the holder solely upon the satisfaction of and subject to certain requirements described in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Shares of LT10 

and LT50 common stock may be sold or transferred only upon satisfaction of and subject to certain requirements described in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Each share of LT10 or LT50 common stock will automatically convert into one share of Class A common stock upon the occurrence of a transfer in accordance with such requirements unless such transfer is a Non-Converting Transfer. A Non-Converting Transfer means a transfer (i) to the Voting Trust (as defined below), (ii) in an LT Exchange (as defined below) or (iii) approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of our board of directors. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also permits a majority of the members of our board of directors to waive other requirements applicable to transfer or conversion of LT10 and LT50 common stock, including the notice period described below. Additionally, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that upon the death of a holder of LT10 and or LT50 common stock, the transfer of the decedent's shares of LT10 and or LT50 common stock to the decedent's estate will not be deemed a transfer, and so will not be subject to the transfer requirements described in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and such shares will remain shares of LT10 and or LT50 common stock. Any transfer of shares of LT10 or LT50 common stock not made in accordance with the requirements set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, unless such requirements are waived by the board of directors, will be void, and we will not treat the transferee in such a transaction as a holder of such shares for any purpose. 
 
 If a holder proposes to convert or transfer any shares of LT10 or LT50 common stock, the holder (or the beneficial holder if such shares are held in the Voting Trust) must first provide written notice to us and a copy of such notice to the Trustees (as defined below) (the Notice ). The notice period following delivery and receipt of the Notice for each share of LT10 and LT50 common stock shall be 10 months and 50 months, respectively. During the applicable notice period, the Trustees will attempt to identify a holder of shares of Class A common stock who is currently an employee of or other service provider to our company or one of our subsidiaries (a Class A Transferor interested in exchanging shares of Class A common stock held by the Class A Transferor for the shares of LT10, or LT50 common stock subject to the Notice, on a one-for-one basis (each, an LT Exchange ). If a Class A Transferor is identified, the Trustees will provide written notice to the holder of shares of LT10 and or LT50 common stock who is seeking to convert or transfer the shares of LT common stock specified in the Notice, the Class A Transferor and us, specifying the participants in the LT Exchange, the date on which the applicable notice period expires (the notice Expiration Date ), and any applicable instructions to facilitate the LT Exchange. If the Class A Transferor is not a party to the Voting Trust Agreement, the Class A Transferor must become a party to the Voting Trust Agreement and the shares of LT10 and or LT50 common stock subject to the LT Exchange will remain in the Voting Trust, and will not convert into shares of Class A common stock. The LT Exchange will be deemed effective immediately prior to the close of business on the first business day following the Notice Expiration Date, subject to extension by us of up to five days if necessary to effectuate the Exchange. If the Trustees are unable to identify a Class A Transferor to participate in an LT Exchange prior to the Notice Expiration Date, then the shares of LT10 or LT50 common stock subject to the Notice will be converted into shares of Class A common stock on a 

one-for-one basis immediately following the Notice Expiration Date, as set forth in the amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In the event of a sale or transfer, such shares of Class A common stock received in an LT Exchange or conversion will be the subject of such sale or transfer. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, from and after the time that a holder of shares of LT10 or LT50 common stock is no longer an employee of or service provider to Expensify, we will have the right to submit a written notice of conversion on such former employee or service provider's behalf, such that the shares of LT10 or LT50 common stock held by such former employee or service provider will be the subject of an LT Exchange or will convert into shares of Class A common stock following the applicable notice period. 
 When all of the then-outstanding shares of LT10 and LT50 common stock represent, in the aggregate, less than 2 of all then-outstanding shares of common stock, each outstanding share of LT10 and LT50 common stock will automatically convert into one share of Class A common stock. 
 
 Once converted into Class A common stock, the LT10 or LT50 common stock will not be reissued. Except for the issuance of shares of LT10 or LT50 common stock issuable in respect of any restricted stock unit outstanding at the time of our initial public offering, a dividend payable in shares of LT10 or LT50 common stock as permitted by the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or a reclassification, subdivision, or combination of such shares, we are not permitted at any time to issue any additional shares of LT10 or LT50 common stock. 
 
 Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding Up 
 Upon our dissolution or liquidation, after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to the holders of preferred stock having liquidation preferences, if any, the holders of shares of our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata our remaining assets available for distribution for distribution to stockholders. 
 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 Holders of shares of our common stock do not have preemptive, subscription or redemption rights, and our common stock is not subject to redemption or sinking fund provisions. 
 
 Fully Paid and Non-Assessable 
 All of the outstanding shares of our Class A, LT10 and LT50 common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 No shares of our preferred stock are currently outstanding. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our 

stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, powers, preferences, privileges and qualification, limitations and restrictions thereof. These rights, preferences and privileges could include, without limitation, dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting, or the designation of, such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of our common stock. The issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon our liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of our company or other corporate action. 
 
 The Voting Trust 
 Upon issuance, all outstanding shares of our LT10 and LT50 common stock were immediately deposited into a voting trust (the Voting Trust formed pursuant to a voting trust agreement (the Voting Trust Agreement ). The Voting Trust Agreement is intended to maintain a centralized decision-making process centered around our employees, encourage our employees to hold our common stock for the long-term and provide an orderly process for the conversion and transfer of our LT10 and LT50 common stock pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. From time to time, employees and other service providers may deposit additional voting securities of the company in the Voting Trust, including Class A common stock, and will enter into a joinder agreement to become a party to the Voting Trust Agreement if such employee is not then a party. In the event of an LT Exchange, or other Non-Converting Transfer, the shares of LT10 or LT50 common stock involved in such transfer will remain in the Voting Trust, and a transferee who is not already a party to the Voting Trust Agreement will become a party pursuant to a joinder agreement, unless the requirement to become a party is expressly waived in writing by a majority of the trustees of the Voting Trust (the Trustees ). A holder may not withdraw shares of LT10 or LT50 common stock from the Voting Trust. A holder who beneficially owns shares of Class A common stock held in the Voting Trust may withdraw some or all of such shares of Class A common stock upon 30 days' prior written notice to the Trustees, provided, however, that (i) any shares of Class A common stock received in connection with an LT Exchange that are held in the Voting Trust at the time of the LT Exchange may be immediately withdrawn from the Voting Trust, and (ii) Class A common stock stock resulting from the conversion of LT10 or LT50 common stock in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation shall be deemed withdrawn from the Voting Trust automatically at the time of conversion. 
 
 As of March 8, 2023, the Trustees of the Voting Trust are David Barrett, our CEO, Ryan Schaffer, our CFO, and Jason Mills, our Chief Product Officer. If at any time a Trustee (i) is unable or unwilling to serve as a Trustee by reason of death, incapacity or otherwise, (ii) ceases to be an Expensify employee or other service provider to Expensify, or (iii) is no longer one of the three holders of voting securities with the highest voting power held by the Voting Trust, unless the holder or holders with higher voting power have rejected the opportunity to serve as Trustee or are otherwise unable or unwilling to serve as Trustee, then such Trustee shall resign or be removed. Successor Trustees will be appointed by majority vote of the remaining Trustees, or if there are no remaining Trustees, by our board of directors. The policy of the Trustees with 

respect to appointment of each successor Trustee shall be to offer the opportunity to serve as such Trustee to the holder of voting securities held by the Voting Trust who is then an employee of or service provider to Expensify and beneficially owns voting securities with the highest voting power (other than the then-existing Trustees). The policy of the Trustees shall be to first offer the opportunity to serve as successor Trustee to the Expensify employee or service provider holder holding voting securities with the next-highest voting power held by the Voting Trust. If such holder does not accept this offer within ten days, then the Trustees will offer the opportunity to serve as successor Trustee to the Expensify employee or service provider holder holding voting securities with the next-highest voting power, and so on, until a holder accepts the offer to serve as Trustee. When calculating voting power in connection with Trustee service, if Notice has been given with respect to any shares held by the current or potential Trustee, then the number of votes attributed to each LT10 or LT50 share held by such individual shall be proportionately reduced by the amount of time that has passed under the applicable notice period (i.e., a one-vote reduction for each one month that has passed since Notice was given). 
 
 Under the Voting Trust Agreement, the Trustees make all decisions with respect to the voting (but not the disposition) of the shares of common stock contributed to the Voting Trust in their sole and absolute discretion (including in his or her own interest as a holder of Expensify voting securities), and shall incur no responsibility under the Voting Trust Agreement as a stockholder, trustee or otherwise, except for his or her own individual malfeasance. The acting Trustees will have the power to vote all securities held by the Voting Trust in their sole and absolute discretion as determined by a majority of the Trustees. Although the Voting Trust Agreement does not require the Trustees to use specific criteria when determining how to vote the securities held by the Voting Trust, the qualifications required for an individual to serve as a Trustee are intended to provide alignment with the interests of the other beneficial holders. The three Trustees will at all times be employees or other service providers of the company, and will be among the largest holders of our restricted LT10 and LT50 common stock. We believe that these qualifications will result in the Trustees making decisions based on the long-term interests of the company, its employees and service providers. Although it contains certain arbitration provisions, nothing in the Voting Trust Agreement will preclude stockholders' rights to pursue claims under the United States federal securities laws. The Voting Trust is irrevocable and terminates upon the earlier of the written agreement between us and the Trustees and the date on which all shares of LT10 and LT50 common stock automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock in accordance with the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 
 Registration Rights 
 We are party to an investors rights agreement (the Investors Rights Agreement that provides certain holders of our capital stock, including certain holders of at least 5 of our capital stock with certain registration rights. The registration of shares of our common stock by the exercise of registration rights described below would enable the holders to sell these shares without restrictions under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act when the applicable registration statement is declared effective. We will pay the registration expenses, 

other than underwriting discounts and commissions, of the shares registered by the demand, piggyback and Form S-3 registrations described below. 
 
 Generally in an underwritten offering, the managing underwriter, if any, has the right, subject to specified conditions, to limit the number of shares such holders may include. The demand, piggyback and Form S-3 registration rights described below will expire upon the earliest to occur of (a) November 15, 2026 or (b) with respect to any particular stockholder, such time as (i) such holder can sell all of its shares under Rule 144 of the Securities Act, or (ii) such stockholder holds less than 1 of our then-outstanding common stock and such stockholder can sell all of its shares under Rule 144 under the Securities Act during any three-month period. 
 
 Demand Registration Rights 
 
 Under the terms of the Investors Rights Agreement, the holders of registrable shares are entitled to demand registration rights may request that we register all or a portion of their registrable shares for sale under the Securities Act. Such holders are entitled to registration rights, on not more than two occasions, provided that such request for registration must cover shares with an anticipated aggregate offering price, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, of at least 10 million. 
 
 Piggyback Registration Rights 
 
 In the event that we propose to register any of our securities under the Securities Act, either for our own account or for the account of other security holders, the holders of registrable securities will be entitled to certain piggyback registration rights allowing such holders to include their shares in such registration, subject to certain marketing and other limitations. As a result, whenever we propose to file a registration statement under the Securities Act, subject to certain exceptions, the holders of these shares are entitled to notice of the registration and have the right to include their shares in the registration, subject to limitations that the underwriters may impose on the number of shares included in the offering. 
 
 Form S-3 Registration Rights 
 
 The holders of registrable shares are also entitled to certain Form S-3 registration rights. If we are eligible to file a registration statement on Form S-3, these holders have the right, upon written request from holders of at least 20 of such shares as are then outstanding, to have such shares registered by us if the anticipated aggregate offering price of such shares, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, is at least 3 million, subject to exceptions set forth in the Investors Rights Agreement. 
 
 Forum Selection 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that (i) unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware 

(or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court of the State of Delaware) will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (A) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company, (B) any action asserting a claim for or based on a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, other employees, agents or stockholders to the company or our stockholders, including without limitation a claim alleging the aiding and abetting of such a breach of fiduciary duty, (C) any action asserting a claim against the company or any of our current or former directors, officers, employees, agents or stockholders arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time) or as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (D) any action asserting a claim related to or involving the company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine (ii) the federal district courts of the United States will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act and (iii) any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the company will be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. Nothing in our current certificate of incorporation or bylaws or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws precludes stockholders that assert claims under the Exchange Act, from bringing such claims in federal court to the extent that the Exchange Act confers exclusive federal jurisdiction over such claims, subject to applicable law. 
 
 Although our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contain the choice of forum provision described above, it is possible that a court could find that such a provision is inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provision is unenforceable. For example, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a forum selection provision as written in connection with claims arising under the Securities Act. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may delay, defer or discourage another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions may have the effect of discouraging coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors, which we believe may result in an improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of our stockholders. However, they also give our board of directors the power to discourage acquisitions that some stockholders may favor. 

Section 203 of the DGCL 
 We are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes mergers, asset sales, or other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. In general, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock. These provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in our control. 
 
 Multi-Series Stock 
 As described above in the subsection titled Common Stock Voting, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for a multi-class stock structure, which provides our executive officers, employees and the Trustees with significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. 
 
 Undesignated Preferred Stock 
 The ability to authorize undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to effect a change in control of our company. These and other provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of our company. 
 
 Stockholder Action Special Meeting of Stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that from and after the date the Voting Trust holds less than a majority of the voting power of our capital stock, no action may be taken by our stockholders by consent. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that a special meeting of stockholders may only be called by our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors, our chief executive officer or, for so long as the Voting Trust holds at least a majority of the voting power of our capital stock, the holders of a majority of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our capital stock, thus limiting the ability of a stockholder to call a special meeting. 
 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 Our amended and restated bylaws establishes advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than 

nominations made by or at the direction of the board of directors or a committee of the board of directors. 
 
 Election and Removal of Directors Filling Vacancies 
 Because our stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights, our stockholders holding a majority of the voting power of the then outstanding capital stock are able to elect all of our directors. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for the removal of any of our directors at any time, with or without cause, by a stockholder vote by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the then outstanding capital stock. Furthermore, our board of directors has the exclusive right to set the size of the board of directors, and any vacancy on our board of directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of the board, may only be filled by a resolution of the board of directors unless the board of directors determines that such vacancies will be filled by the stockholders. This system of electing and removing directors and filling vacancies may discourage a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us because it generally makes it more difficult for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors. 
 
 Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws 
 The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares entitled to vote is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation, unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation requires a greater percentage. Our bylaws may be amended or repealed by our board of directors or by the affirmative vote of the holders a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. The transfer agent and registrar s address is 150 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021. 
 
 Listing 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol EXFY. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231-10xk2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 1. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-260933) pertaining to the Expensify, Inc. 2009 Stock Plan, the Expensify, Inc. 2019 Stock Plan, the Expensify, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan, and the Expensify, Inc. 2021 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase and Matching Plan, and 
 2. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-260934) pertaining to the Expensify, Inc. 2009 Stock Plan and the Expensify, Inc. 2019 Stock Plan 
 of our report dated March 8, 2023 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Expensify, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Expensify, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 San Francisco, California 
 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311-10xk2022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 I, David Barrett, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Expensify, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s David Barrett 
 David Barrett 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312-10xk2022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 I, Ryan Schaffer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Expensify, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Ryan Schaffer 
 Ryan Schaffer 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321-10xk2022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Expensify, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 
 (i) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s David Barrett 
 David Barrett 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit322-10xk2022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Expensify, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 
 (i) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Ryan Schaffer 
 Ryan Schaffer 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 exfy-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 exfy-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 exfy-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 exfy-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 exfy-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

