<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1740742_0001829126-23-002515.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8993025</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>345743</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1477158</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3013774</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1700221</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2208454</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002515.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331172119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002515
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Unicoin Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001740742
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				474360035
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56276
		FILM NUMBER:		23789247

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		228 PARK AVE SOUTH 16065
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2122160001

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		228 PARK AVE SOUTH 16065
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TransparentBusiness, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180515

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002515.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 unicoininc_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________ to ________ . 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

NONE 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by a check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

There is established trading market
for the registrant s common stock and therefore the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates
cannot be determined. 

As of March 31, 2023, there were 
shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Item 
 
 Description 
 
 Page 

CAUTIONARY
 NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 ii 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 
 6 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 2. 
 
 pROPERTIES 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 3. 
 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGs 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 4. 
 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 
 27 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 6. 
 
 RESERVED 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 30 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 50 
 
 Item
 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 9. 
 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 53 
 
 Item
 9a. 
 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 
 54 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 
 55 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 55 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 56 
 
 Item
 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 
 59 
 
 Item
 12. 
 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 60 
 
 Item
 13. 
 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 61 
 
 Item
 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 62 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS 
 
 63 
 
 Item
 16. 
 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 64 
 
 SIGNATURES 

65 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some
of the statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Unicoin Inc. (formerly known as TransparentBusiness, Inc. and
hereinafter Unicoin Inc. , we or the Company discuss future expectations, contain projections
of our plan of operation or financial condition or state other forward-looking information. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, forward-looking statements
are generally identified by words such as anticipate , plan , believe , expect ,
 estimate , and the like. Forward-looking statements involve future risks and uncertainties, there are factors that could
cause actual results or plans to differ materially from those expressed or implied. These statements are subject to known and unknown
risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements.
The forward-looking information is based on various factors and is derived using numerous assumptions. A reader, whether investing in
the Company s securities or not, should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the
date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Important factors that may cause actual results to differ from projections include, for example: 

the
success or failure of Management s efforts to implement the Company s plan of operation; 

the
ability of the Company to fund its operating expenses; 

the
ability of the Company to compete with other companies that have a similar plan of operation; 

the
effect of changing economic conditions impacting our plan of operation; and 

the
ability of the Company to meet the other risks as may be described in future filings with the SEC. 

Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained herein, which speak only as of the date hereof.
We believe the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be accurate as of the date hereof. Changes may occur
after that date. We will not update that information except as required by law in the normal course of our public disclosure practices. 

Additionally,
the following discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and related notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ii 

Item 1. 
 BUSINESS 

History
and Organization 

Unicoin
Inc. (formerly known as TransparentBusiness, Inc. and hereinafter the Company , Unicoin Inc. , we ,
 us , or our was incorporated in the state of Delaware on June 22, 2015. In 2008, our Software-as-a Service SaaS platform was developed by KMGi, the precursor to Unicoin Inc., as an internal tool for monitoring and managing computer-based
work for the purpose of improving efficiency of both remote and on-site employees and eliminating overbilling by contractors. The SaaS
platform has been in use since 2009, initially under the name TransparentBilling, serving KMGi s internal operations. Unicoin Inc.
was never subject to bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceedings. 

Unicoin
Inc. is an operating and holding company. As an operating company, Unicoin Inc. manages its SaaS software business, which provides for
simple and seamless monitoring and management of remote or work-from-home employees. As a holding company, Unicoin Inc. wholly owns two
Talent-as-a-Service TaaS operating companies and platforms SheWorks! and Yandiki. Yandiki was previously owned
by KMGi and Silvina Moschini, each of whom transferred their ownership interests in Yandiki to Unicoin Inc. on January 1, 2018.
SheWorks! was founded by Silvina Moschini, who transferred her ownership interest to Unicoin Inc. on January 1, 2018. KMGi transferred
intellectual property related to the Unicoin Inc. SaaS platform to Unicoin Inc. in 2018. In November 2020, Unicoin Inc. acquired
a 51 majority ownership interest in ITSQuest, Inc, a regional staffing agency founded on September 21, 1994. In April 2021,
Transparent Business acquired a 66.67 ownership interest in Unicorns, Inc. (hereinafter Unicorns or Unicorn Hunters a media company showcasing private companies seeking to obtain publicity for their private offerings. Unicoin Inc. and its subsidiaries
principally operate in North America, South America and Central America. On October 6, 2022, the Company filed an amendment to its
Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware changing its name from TransparentBusiness, Inc. to
Unicoin Inc. The name change was effective as of October 6, 2022. 

The
organization chart below shows the operating subsidiaries and the interests held in them by the Company: 

1 

Business
Overview 

Unicoin
Inc. is a SaaS company engaged in providing workforce management software in order to better monitor and manage a remote workforce. Unicoin
Inc. solutions simplify the management of remote workers and improve the coordination and oversight of geographically dispersed workers.
The Company s software increases operating efficiencies and lowers costs, while allowing millions to work from their location of
choice. The Company s SaaS software is designed to help corporations increase remote worker productivity, protect from overbilling,
eliminate fraud, allow coordination and monitoring of a corporation s workforce, and provide real-time information on the cost
and status of all tasks and projects. 

Unicoin
Inc. s SaaS software is currently offered via version 3.5. The Company s SaaS software helps businesses effectively manage
their workforce through easy-to-use interfaces. The software has multiple features including project management applications, real-time
GANTT charts, HR resource tools, monitoring of employee activity, communications interface, and invoicing. The software is comprehensive
because it combines many single item applications such as project management, vendor management, employee resource applications, timers,
and productivity enhancing monitoring into one SaaS product. The software enhances worker privacy as the ability to monitor computer-based
work is controlled by the user, with an ability to review all work prior to submission. Unlike spyware , the software is
controlled by the user and therefore is not monitoring private or confidential computer-based activity. All information and data are
owned by the client in much the same way as a client s financial records or proprietary information. 

Unicoin
Inc. s wholly owned subsidiaries SheWorks! and Yandiki, both TaaS platforms, are, we believe, valuable assets that can operate
independently or in conjunction with the Company s SaaS software. SheWorks! is a talent exchange focused on connecting women seeking
freelance or employment opportunities with companies looking for freelancers or employees to fill their needs. Yandiki is also a talent
exchange and platform that connects freelance talent with companies looking for leaner, more transparent ways of carrying out remote
contractual work. Our TaaS business also encompasses ITSQuest, Inc., ITSQuest a regional staffing agency with twelve
locations throughout New Mexico and Texas. ITSQuest has significant contacts with employers throughout the US Southwest and will utilize
its sales force and contacts to promote and sell Unicoin Inc. s SaaS and other TaaS products. 

Unicorns
is a Nevada corporation, in which the Company owns a majority stake. Unicorns produces a reality television/streaming show called Unicorn
Hunters that showcases private companies seeking to obtain publicity for their private offerings by appearing on the show and attempting
to raise capital by advertising their exempt offerings to a wide audience. Currently, revenue consideration generally consists of the
fair value of stock options or warrants committed from companies that have appeared on the Unicorn Hunters show. Non-cash consideration
is recognized at the estimated fair value at or near the date of contract execution. Additionally, in the future, the Company expects
to earn revenue from (i) sales of memberships to potential investors who will gain preferred access to the private offerings
showcased on the Unicorn Hunters show and (ii) the commercialization of the Unicorn Hunters shows, through syndication, advertising revenue
and merchandising. All rights to Unicorn Hunters content, including all recordings and logos, are owned by Unicorns Inc. 

The
Company has accepted digital assets including Bitcoin (BTC), Ether (ETH), Litecoin (LTC), Dai (DAI), USD Coin (USDC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH)
and Tether (USDT) as consideration from certain investors in exchange for equity or debt issued by the Company. The Company has ownership
of and control over its digital assets and uses the third-party custodial services of Coinbase Global, Inc Coinbase which
is a publicly-traded company that operates a cryptocurrency exchange platform and provides custodial wallets to hold the digital assets.
Coinbase provides us protection through dual authentication security. Access is controlled by dual authentication to separate authentication
from account access so that two authorized individuals are required to access our accounts. Management monitors transaction and account
balances through the Coinbase client portal, as applicable. We also intend to use Coinbase as a third-party custodial service to facilitate
the holding and exchange of Unicoins, which are described below, upon development and launch. 

2 

Unicoin Inc. is also developing a security token
called Unicoin Unicoins or Tokens ), whose value is intended to be supported by the equity positions purchased
from Unicorn Hunters show participants, as well as equity positions acquired from non-show participants for other services. Such equity
positions may be held in a to-be-created investment fund (the Fund ), to facilitate proper management of the equity portfolio.
The intention of the Company is that when equity positions held the Fund are liquidated through a liquidity event, some or all of the
resulting proceeds are to be distributed to holders of Unicoins. The Company is currently engaged in private placement of rights to acquire
Unicoins, upon completion of their technological and legal development, and the funds being raised in such rights offering are to be
used to fund the development and launch of Unicoins, create worldwide brand awareness of Unicoins, as well as paying for general corporate
matters and operating expenses. The Unicoins project is currently being undertaken by Unicoin Inc., but may in the future be transferred
to a to-be-formed subsidiary of Unicoin Inc.. Unicoins are expected to also have a utility function in what is referred to as the Unicorn
Hunters Ecosystem, in that holders may use Unicoins to purchase media inventory at our discounted rate. The Company plans to purchase
media inventory, and resell it to Unicoin holders in exchange for Unicoins and/or cash, thereby giving such holders preferred access
and pricing for media inventory, and allowing to retain a portion of the spread in pricing for its effort. Exact pricing
and spreads will be determined on a case-by-case basis, and have not been predetermined. The private placement is being conducted pursuant
to an exemption from U.S. securities registration requirements provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act and Rule 506(c) thereunder. 

We may accept certain cryptocurrencies, such as
Bitcoin (BTC), Ether (ETH), Litecoin (LTC), Dai (DAI), USD Coin (USDC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH) and Tether (USDT) among others, as payment
for the purchase of Unicoins. The Company intends to hold these cryptocurrencies without converting into fiat currencies, in custodial
wallets through Coinbase. Upon future liquidity needs, through Coinbase, the Company could pay a vendor for goods or services or convert
the digital assets to a fiat currency, using the proceeds for general business operational purposes. 

Business
Organization 

Operating segments are
defined as components of an enterprise, in which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating
decision maker, or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company evaluates
operating results based on measures of performance, including revenues and profit (loss). The Company currently operates in the
three reporting segments: SaaS, TaaS and, beginning in 2021, Unicorn Hunters. For additional information, see Note 17 
Segment Information of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

Value
Proposition 

Unicoin
Inc. is a technology company that believes the power of technology can improve the management and oversight of remote workers, increase
their productivity, and make more efficient the movement towards a work-from-home environment through our SaaS product. We also use proprietary
technology to drive our TaaS businesses. Also, through its majority ownership and development of Unicorns, Unicoin Inc. is a media ownership
entity that expects to derive significant revenue from the Unicorn Hunters show and related opportunities, as described above. 

Our
Mission 

Unicoin Inc. seeks to become synonymous with the
business categories of transparency and remote workforce management. The Company digitizes the work process, making working in the cloud
transparent, efficient and accountable. The platform is designed to increase remote workers productivity, protect client budgets
from overbilling, allow coordination and monitoring of their remote workforce and provide real-time information on the cost and status
of all tasks and projects. The Company is the operating system of remote workforces and introduces, what we believe, is a radical new
way of managing distributed teams with transparency and accountability. Our TaaS business is designed to ease the cost and burden of hiring
a remote workforce with worldwide talent through our outsourcing, training and education platform. Through our Unicorns subsidiary, we
seek to make Unicorn Hunters the most widely watched business program and bring democratization and transparency to the pre-IPO fundraising
process, while building the Unicoin Inc. brand and increasing shareholder value. Through the Unicoin project, we hope to launch a globally
competitive security token that is supported by underlying assets and is capable of providing a return to its holders. 

3 

The
Company s competitive strengths include: 

Effective management of
 contingent workforces (SaaS) 

Real-time visibility of
 computed-based work from any location (SaaS) 

Increased efficiency of
 outsourcing (SaaS and TaaS) 

Protection from overbilling
 and inaccurate reporting (SaaS and TaaS) 

Reduced corporate expenses
 by facilitating efficient telecommuting and outsourcing (SaaS and TaaS) 

Productivity increases by
 15-40 by making every minute of work accountable (SaaS) 

Unique business reality
 show production with celebrity participation and endorsement and multiple paths to revenue (Unicorns) 

Unique security token project
 to be launched, supported by a fund of assets and capable of paying distributions, and supported by a global marketing and visibility
 initiative 

Our
Vision and Strategy 

Our
vision is to create significant efficiencies in the economy, facilitate work from home and outsourcing, protect from overbilling, increase
entrepreneurial mobility and democratize wealth creation. 

Unicoin
Inc. primarily addresses the issues of efficiency for computer-based work and overbilling. Unicoin Inc. is applicable in all work environments
and types of business. Effectively, Unicoin Inc. is targeting all types of work environments and organizational settings where the vast
majority of the work is conducted on computers. The increasing trend for outsourcing and remote contracting fosters a growing need for
Unicoin Inc.. We will rely on direct sales to large corporations and on high visibility in main business and general news publications
in the USA, UK, Latin America and other key markets. 

ITSQuest
is a revenue-generating talent provider that integrates into our TaaS businesses by adding traditional staffing services and their associated
revenue to our product line and is also potential regional distribution partner for our SaaS and other TaaS offerings. We hope to utilize
the ITSQuest brand and sales force to expand sales and acceptance of our SaaS and TaaS services. 

We intend to make Unicorn Hunters the most widely
watched business show in the worldwide entertainment and business media markets, while generating value for Unicoin Inc. shareholders
through equity acquisitions and syndication, sales of preferred-access memberships, advertisement and merchandising revenues. We also
intend to make Unicoin a valuable security token, with worldwide recognition, and backed by a portfolio of assets and supported by distribution
payments. 

Officers and Directors 

Our Chairwoman, Silvina Moschini, is responsible
for leading the Company s board, which further includes Alex Konanykhin and Chris Carter. Ms. Moschini and Mr. Konanykhin are the
co-founders of the Company. The Company s leadership is composed of Ms. Moschini, who serves as President, Mr. Konanykhin, who is
the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Andrew Winn who serves as Chief Financial Officer and Deniece Ky, the Principal Accounting Officer. Other
officers include Richard Devlin, Senior Vice President and General Counsel and Alex Dominguez, Chief Investor Relations Officer. 

4 

Legal
Proceedings 

We
may from time to time be involved in various claims and legal proceedings of a nature we believe are normal and incidental to our business.
These matters may include product liability, intellectual property, employment, personal injury cause by our employees, and other general
claims. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse
effect on our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion
of management resources and other factors. 

Smaller
Reporting Company 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. There are certain exemptions
available to us as a smaller reporting company, including: (1) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act; (2) scaled executive compensation disclosures; and (3) the requirement to provide only
two years of audited financial statements, instead of three years. As long as we maintain our status as a smaller reporting company ,
these exemptions will continue to be available to us. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

As
a public company with less than 1,070,000,000 in revenue during our last fiscal year, we qualify as an emerging growth company 
under the Jumpstart our Business Start-ups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). An emerging growth company may take advantage of
certain reduced reporting requirements and is relieved of certain other significant requirements that are otherwise generally applicable
to public companies and can avail itself of various exemptions such as an exemption from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 and Section 14(a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

As
an emerging growth company, we: 

are not required to obtain
 an attestation and report from our auditors on our management s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting
 pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

are not required to provide
 a detailed narrative disclosure discussing our compensation principles, objectives and elements and analyzing how those elements
 fit with our principles and objectives (commonly referred to as compensation discussion and analysis 

are not required to obtain
 a non-binding advisory vote from our stockholders on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements (commonly referred to
 as the say-on-pay, say-on-frequency and say-on-golden-parachute votes); 

are exempt from certain
 executive compensation disclosure provisions requiring a pay-for-performance graph and CEO pay ratio disclosure; 

may present only two years
 of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management s Discussion Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations MD A and 

are eligible to claim longer
 phase-in periods for the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards under 107 of the JOBS Act. Emerging growth
 companies may elect to defer compliance with new or revised accounting standards until private companies are required to comply.
 Emerging growth companies must make a one-time irrevocable election to apply all new or revised accounting standards at the same
 date required of non-emerging growth companies or defer adoption until private company compliance dates. 

5 

We
intend to take advantage of all of these reduced reporting requirements and exemptions, including the longer phase-in periods for the
adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards under 107 of the JOBS Act. Our election to use the phase-in periods may
make it difficult to compare our financial statements to those of non-emerging growth companies and other emerging growth companies that
have opted out of the phase-in periods under 107 of the JOBS Act. 

Certain
of these reduced reporting requirements and exemptions were already available to us due to the fact that we also qualify as a smaller
reporting company under SEC rules. For instance, smaller reporting companies are not required to obtain an auditor attestation
and report regarding management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting; are not required to provide a compensation
discussion and analysis; are not required to provide a pay-for-performance graph or Chief Executive Officer pay ratio disclosure; and
may present only two years of audited financial statements and related MD A disclosure. 

Under
the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of the above-described reduced reporting requirements and exemptions for up to five years after our
initial sale of common equity pursuant to a registration statement declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), or such earlier time that we no longer meet the definition of an emerging growth company. In this regard,
the JOBS Act provides that we would cease to be an emerging growth company if we have more than 1,070,000,000 in annual
revenues, have more than 700 million in market value of our Common stock held by non-affiliates, or issue more than 1 billion in principal
amount of non-convertible debt over a three-year period. We would cease to be an emerging growth company on the last day of the fiscal
year following the date of the fifth anniversary of our first sale of common equity securities under an effective registration statement
or a fiscal year in which we have 1 billion in gross revenues. Further, under current SEC rules we will continue to qualify as a smaller
reporting company for so long as we have a public float (i.e., the market value of common equity held by non-affiliates) of less
than 250 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

Item
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, prospective investors should carefully consider the following risks before investing in our securities. If any of the
following risks occur, or any other risks not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial, then our business, operating
results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. As a result, the value of our common stock could decline, and
you may lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. The risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and
our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In assessing the risks below, you should also refer to the
other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the financial statements and the related notes, before
deciding to purchase any of our securities. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
may fail to increase the number of subscribers to our SaaS platform. 

The
number of subscribers on our SaaS platform is critical to our success. Our business and financial performance depends on our ability
to add new customers while retaining existing subscribers. There are no assurances of continued subscriber growth, and the number of
subscribers could be adversely affected by the following: 

Lack
of success in innovating or introducing new, best-in-class content and services; 

Failure to adapt to changes
 in market trends or demands, or advancements in technology; 

Technical or other problems
 preventing the delivery of services in a timely and reliable manner or negatively affecting the user experience; 

6 

Unfavorable or unpopular
 changes to our platforms mandated by legislation/regulations, or elected by the Company to proactively address issues; 

Failure to maintain brand
 image or company reputation; 

User concerns related to
 privacy, data security and safety of funds; or 

Unexpected social, economic
 or market trends that negatively impact our business. 

Our
efforts to avoid or address any of these events may require us to incur substantial expenditure to modify or adapt our services or platforms.
If we fail to retain or continue growing our user base, this will have a negative impact on our business. 

We
may not achieve profitability in the near term or at all. 

If
we increase our SaaS and TaaS subscriber and user base, we cannot provide any assurance that our subscribers will maintain their subscription
or use our services for any period of time. We expect that our operating expenses will increase as we invest in marketing efforts, hire
contractors and employees, and continue to invest in the marketing and development of our product and services. These efforts may be
costlier than we expected, and our revenue may not increase sufficiently to offset these expenses. We may continue to take action and
make investments that do not generate optimal short- or medium-term financial results and may even result in increased operating losses
in the short or medium term with no assurance that we will eventually achieve the intended long-term benefits or profitability. Further,
producing television series is both risky and costly, and we cannot provide any assurance that we will successfully syndicate the Unicorn
Hunters show or obtain any positive equity value from the issuers featured on the show. These factors, among others set out in this Risk
Factors section, may negatively affect our ability to achieve profitability in the near or medium term, if at all. 

We
may fail to compete effectively in the market in which we operate. 

We
face competition from similar software-as-a-service and talent-as-a-service providers and the failure to compete effectively could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and our results of operations. There are many providers of services that offer
similar functionality, and competition will likely evolve. Our main SaaS competitors primarily include companies that offer project management
software, time-tracking software or cloud-based team collaboration software. Our TaaS competitors also offer talent-finding products,
some of which are industry-specific. Finally, the television, entertainment and streaming video markets are highly competitive, and there
are multiple well-established players in this market who may compete against us or have a higher likelihood of gaining viewership for
new productions that our Unicorns subsidiary is able to achieve for the Unicorn Hunters show. Our competitors may have greater access
to financial and marketing resources than we do and/or, may be able to capitalize on brand recognition in ways that we may not be able
to, or offer lower subscription fees with which we may not be able to compete. 

We
have a limited operating history. 

We
have a short operating history upon which to evaluate the viability and sustainability of our platform and services. We achieved only
modest revenues and are just starting to build our sales team. As our businesses expand, our historical results may not be indicative
of our future performance, and you should consider our future prospects in light of the risks and uncertainties of early-stage companies
operating in the fast-evolving industries of technology, remote work and streaming media. Some of these risks and uncertainties relate
to our ability to: 

Anticipate and adapt to
 changing user preferences; 

7 

Increase awareness of our
 brands; 

Anticipate and adapt to
 changing preferences in the TaaS marketplace; 

Gain viewership and therefore
 revenues from Unicorns media assets; 

Continue to develop additional
 or successful episodes of the Unicorn Hunters show; 

Adapt to competitive market
 conditions; 

Attract and retain qualified
 personnel and contractor services. 

If
we are unsuccessful in addressing any of these risks and uncertainties, our business, financial condition and results of operations may
be materially and adversely affected. 

We
need additional capital but may not be able to obtain it on favorable terms or at all. 

We
need additional cash capital resources to fund future growth and development of our businesses necessary to achieve our vision and strategy,
including developing the Unicorn Hunters show and expanding strategic partnership arrangements. We plan to continue to issue additional
equity or debt securities or obtain new or expanded credit facilities. There can be no assurance that financing will be available in
a timely manner or in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Any failure to raise needed funds on terms favorable to us, or
at all, could severely restrict our liquidity as well as have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Moreover, any issuance of equity or equity-linked securities could result in significant dilution to our existing shareholders. 

Although
our financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, we must raise additional capital to fund our operations in order
to continue as a going concern. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion that accompany our audited
consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, indicating that our current liquidity
position raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to improve our liquidity position,
we may not be able to continue as a going concern. Our ability to raise the capital needed to improve our financial condition may be hindered
by the debt obligations we are incurring pursuant to our debt offering, which obligations may deter investors from purchasing our equity
or debt securities. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts and classification of
assets, liabilities, and reported expenses that may be necessary if the Company were unable to continue as a going concern. 

Our
expansion places a significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources. 

We
are rapidly and significantly expanding our global operations, including increasing our service offerings and scaling our infrastructure
to support our SaaS, TaaS and Unicorns businesses. This expansion exacerbates the strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems,
technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions, and our expansion increases these
factors. Failure to manage growth effectively could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. 

8 

Our
legislative efforts to encourage SaaS sales may not prove to be successful, which will cause us to fail to recover the resources expended
in our legislative efforts and could negatively impact our projections and/or results of operations. 

In
2018, Unicoin Inc. began hiring multiple state lobbyists to introduce legislature what would make transparent verification of billable
hours mandatory for state contractors. Legislation has been submitted for consideration by legislators in 32 states. The legislation
is not vendor-specific and works toward a common goal of eliminating over-billing and reducing fraud via transparency software similar
to Unicoin Inc. s SaaS offering. The government outreach and relations program and associated legislation is a distribution strategy
that may result in an accelerated roll-out of Unicoin Inc. s SaaS offering. However, due in part to the Covid-19 pandemic, many
non-essential legislative priorities were put on hold by state legislators, slowing or stalling the progress of our proposed legislation.
We cannot be assured that our proposed legislation will become enacted into law in any jurisdiction, nor can we be assured that such
legislation would translate into sales of our SaaS products, and thus we are at risk of having allocated substantial resources to a marketing
and distribution strategy that may not prove to be successful. 

Our
acquisition of ITSQuest contains a divestiture provision, which could cause a divestiture of ITSQuest and therefore a loss of the associated
revenue to the Company. 

The contingent divestiture clause in the ITSQuest
agreement provided that, in the event that Unicoin Inc. did not conduct a registered public offering of its Common Stock in which the
Unicoin Inc. shares issued to ITSQuest pursuant to the agreement are registered with the SEC and listed for trading on a national securities
exchange in the United States, with an initial listing price of at least 10 per share (the trigger event ), on or before
December 31, 2022, Unicoin Inc. shall transfer to ITSQuest all of Unicoin Inc. s rights, title and interest in ITSQuest, including
ITSQuest equity as well as any Unicoin Inc. shares that remain subject to a holdback provision related to tax liabilities, thus completely
divesting itself of all ownership in ITSQuest. 

On December 28, 2022, the Company and the sellers
of ITSQuest amended the SEA (the Amended SEA to delay the date of the trigger event to December 31, 2024 (i.e., by an additional
24 months). In addition, the Amended SEA incorporated a second alternative trigger event, also required to be achieved on or before December
31, 2024, whereby ITSQuest would not be required to divest its interest in ITSQuest back to the sellers if Unicoin Inc. s proposed
security tokens Unicoins are tokenized and listed on an available Alternative Trading System or cryptocurrency exchange
(whichever is applicable), with a quoted price at or above 1.00 per token. 

As of the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company
cannot yet assess the likelihood or probability of achieving either of the two trigger events necessary to avoid divestiture if ITSQuest.
However, if the Company is not able to achieve an initial offering of its Common Stock or an initial registration of its Unicoins, sufficient
to meet the criteria outlined in the Amended SEA on or before December 31, 2024, the Company s business, financial condition, results
of operations and liquidity will be materially impacted as ITSQuest represented Company assets of 10,225 thousand and 9,338 thousand,
revenues of 15,667 thousand and 13,050 thousand, and generated gross margins of 3,218 thousand and 2,527 thousand as of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Unicorn
Hunters is as-yet-unproven as a media asset or as a method of marketing our products, which may not be successful, and may be a drain
on our management and financial resources. 

Streaming
and television media and production are highly competitive industries in which our management team has limited experience. There can
be no assurance that Unicorn Hunters, the business reality series being produced by Unicorns, will achieve sufficient paid memberships,
viewership, or syndication and merchandising revenues to be profitable. In such case, Unicorns may be unable to repay the amounts drawn
on its line of credit provided by Unicoin Inc. to produce the first season of the Unicorn Hunters show, and we could incur a loss on
the operation of Unicorns. If we produce a second season of Unicorn Hunters prior to generating profit from season one, it will cause
an additional drain on our financial resources and the availability of management and other personnel who participate in the production
of the show. Finally, if Unicorn Hunters is not successful, we will not be able to fulfil our goal of using Unicoin Inc. s sponsorship
of the show as a means to increase Unicoin Inc. s brand awareness and awareness of our other products and services. 

9 

Our
strategy of acquiring equity stakes in private companies featured on Unicorn Hunters may not enhance shareholder value for an extended
period of time, if at all. 

We
plan to require, as a fee for appearing on the Unicorn Hunters show, an option to acquire approximately 5 to 10 equity stakes in some
or all the companies featured in future episodes. Any such equity acquired will be illiquid and may be difficult to value. When acquired,
there will be no public market for such options or the shares underlying such options, and there can be no guaranty that a market for
such securities will ever develop. If a secondary market or exit opportunity does develop, we cannot be assured that the price at which
such securities can be sold will meaningfully contribute to shareholder value for Unicoin Inc. shareholders, or that such value will
be in line with our estimates. 

Obligations
associated with being a public company will require significant resources and management attention. 

As
a public company, we are subject to certain reporting requirements, including those of the Exchange Act, which require that we timely
file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The obligations of being a public company
in the United States require significant expenditures and will place significant demands on our management and other personnel, including
costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance practices, including those under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
as amended Sarbanes-Oxley and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. These rules require the
establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting
among many other complex rules that are often difficult to implement, monitor and maintain compliance with. Moreover, despite recent
reforms made possible by the Jumpstart Our Business Start-ups Act of 2012 JOBS Act ), the reporting requirements, rules
and regulations will make some activities more time-consuming and costly, particularly after we are no longer deemed an emerging
growth company or smaller reporting company. In addition, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more
difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced coverage
or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of
time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements and to keep pace with new regulations, otherwise we may fall out of compliance
and risk becoming subject to litigation, among other potential problems. Compliance with these rules and regulations could also make
it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board of Directors. As a public company, we face increased legal,
accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses that we did not previously incur as a private company. In addition, we will be
required to, among other things, institute more comprehensive financial reporting and disclosure compliance procedures and establish
new internal policies, including those relating to disclosure controls and procedures. These rules and regulations, and any future changes
thereto, will increase our legal and financial compliance costs compared to our prior operations and will require significant time and
attention from our management team. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to develop and maintain an effective
system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner,
which may adversely affect investor confidence in Unicoin Inc.. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of a company s financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
These deficiencies could result in additional material misstatements to its financial statements that could not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. As of the year ended December 31, 2022, we have identified un-remediated material weaknesses in connection with
our (i) entity-level controls (ii) information technology general controls and segregation of duties and (iii) equity accounting primarily
related to issuance of stock to investors. This resulted from a lack of necessary business processes, internal controls, record retention
policy, and adequate number of qualified personnel within our accounting function. 

The
material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until management designs and implements effective controls that operate for a sufficient
period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are effective. 

We
cannot assure you that the measures will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. Accordingly, there could continue
to be a possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

10 

Certain
communications and marketing materials have incorrectly stated the regulatory status of unicoins, which could cause market confusion
and expose the Company to enforcement actions by regulatory authorities such as the Securities and Exchange Commission if such statements
are deemed to be materially misleading, which would adversely affect the Company s ability to carry out its plans with respect
to the launch of tokenized Unicoins. 

Statements contained in promotional videos and on our Unicorn Hunters
show have erroneously stated the Unicoins are registered with the SEC, which statements are factually incorrect, as Unicoins
have not yet been developed or registered, and Unicoin Rights have been sold only pursuant to exemptions from the SEC s registration
requirements, as described in the Company s offering memoranda and in Risks Related to Our Unicoin Project below.
Such statements were the result of the misunderstanding of the registration process and the regulatory status of Unicoins and Unicoin
Rights by the speakers of these statements. Despite the correct disclosure in the Company s offering materials and other SEC filings,
such incorrect statements could have material adverse effects on our Company and its plans for the tokenization and launch of Unicoins.
For example, although unintentional, such statements could be deemed to have been materially misleading statements regarding the characteristics
of Unicoins and Unicoin Rights, thereby exposing the Company to possible enforcement action or civil actions by investors. Such actions
could substantially delay our ability to register Unicoins for sale to the public in the future, or substantially delay our ability to
list Unicoins on a digital asset exchange. Further, an adverse outcome in any such action could impose substantial financial penalties
and consequences on the Company, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or delay or prevent the successful
public launch of Unicoins. 

We
accept payments for investments in our securities in the form of cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin and Ether, which could cause the
value of those investments to fluctuate. 

The
prices of blockchain assets such as Bitcoin and Ether have historically been subject to dramatic fluctuations and are highly volatile.
Therefore, the value initially received upon an investment using cryptocurrencies could fluctuate, causing the value of such investments
to be more or less than originally received as we hold onto such blockchain assets. The value of blockchain assets and fluctuations in
the price of blockchain assets could materially and adversely affect our business and investments made in the Company. 

We
currently generate significant revenue from a limited number of key customers and the loss of any of our key customers may harm our business,
results of operations and financial results. 

A small number of customers account for a large
share of our revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2022, one Unicorns customer and one TAAS customers accounted for 17 and
10 , respectively, of total revenues. During the year ended December 31, 2021, two Unicorns customers combined accounted for 22 
of total revenues and two TAAS customers combined accounted for 21 of total revenue. 

TaaS
contracts with these customers (similar to contracts with other TaaS customers) are for a duration of less than a year. Each contract
is a straightforward time and materials arrangement to provide professional services with monthly billings. The Company s TaaS
operations could be adversely affected if management is not able to obtain significant new customers and retain existing customers. 

Because of the nature
of the Unicorns business, we expect that a relatively small number of customers will continue to account for a substantial portion of
our Unicorns revenues for the foreseeable future. Unicorns contracts for the customers referenced above were both billed and recorded
as revenue at the time the episode was distributed on the Unicorn Hunters website in accordance with Company s accounting policy.
There are no remaining episodes under contract to be distributed in relation to the Unicorns customers referenced above. Consideration
from Unicorns customer is fixed at contract inception and has historically been received in one of two forms: 1) either a pre-determined
number stock options, warrants or shares or 2) options, warrants or shares representing a specific percentage of the customer s
common stock outstanding as of a particular point in time. Unicorns customers are generally smaller start-up companies which are not publicly
traded. As noted elsewhere in the Risk Factor there is no public market for such stock options and warrants or the shares underlying such
options and warrants, and there can be no guaranty that a market for such securities will ever develop. Non-cash consideration from Unicorns
customers is further discussed in the Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates section under Revenue Recognition. The Unicorns business
is not dependent on renewal of existing contracts, instead it relies on management s ability to successfully identify and contract
with high-potential private businesses interested in the opportunity to pitch for payment of stock options or warrants (private
equity). 

11 

Risk
Related to Our Management and Control Persons 

We
depend on key personnel, the loss of any of whom could be detrimental to our business. 

Our
success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of certain key personnel, including co-founders Alex Konanykhin
and Silvina Moschini, each of whom would be difficult to replace. If any of our key personnel were to cease employment with us, our operating
results could suffer. We also believe that our future success depends, in large part, upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled
managerial, operational and marketing personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we cannot provide assurance that we will
be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel. 

The
concentration of our capital stock ownership with insiders will likely limit your ability to influence corporate matters. 

Our
executive officers, directors, and several stockholders and their affiliated entities together beneficially own a majority of our outstanding
common stock. In particular, Silvina Moschini, our President and Chairwoman, and Alex Konanykhin, a director and our Chief Executive
Officer, who are married to each other, together beneficially own 74 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders,
if they act together or in a block, could have significant influence over most matters that require approval by our stockholders, including
the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, even if other stockholders oppose them. This concentration
of ownership might also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company that other stockholders may view
as beneficial. 

Certain
provisions of our Bylaws provide our Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer with control over the Board and grant them discretion over
total director compensation. 

Our
Bylaws provide that our directors have no voting rights during their initial one-year term. As a result of this provision and recent
director resignations, our Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer are currently the only directors with voting rights and thereby control
the Board. In addition, our Bylaws permit our Chairwoman or Chief Executive Officer, at their discretion, to pay bonuses to directors
in recognition of their contributions to the growth of the Company. This provision may result in our Chairwoman or Chief Executive Officer
granting a bonus to each other or to other directors, which gives them discretion over total compensation for each director. 

Risks
Related to Our Unicoin Project 

Unicoins
do not yet exist, and their terms have not yet been finalized. 

The
Company is raising capital to be used in the development, launch and marketing of the Unicoin, a security token that we intend to launch
as part of the Unicorn Hunters ecosystem, as well as other capital needs. Unicoins are intended to have aspects of a security token,
as well as aspects of a utility token within the Unicorn Hunters ecosystem. The exact terms of Unicoins, including the utility for which
they will be used, remain in development and are subject to modification by our management as we more fully explore the market opportunities,
our need for capital, regulatory and legislative changes, and technological needs and limitations. The Company also reserves the right
to issue Unicoins under a different name than now contemplated, in its discretion. We can make no assurances that any modifications or
adjustments to our plan of operations for Unicoins will be more beneficial than our original intentions, and therefore the future value
and/or utility of Unicoins may decline. 

Once Unicoin is listed
on a trading platform, we will be using Unicoins at the market rate to purchase media, equity and other assets and services as well as
swaps with major cryptocurrencies, as part of the utility function within the Unicorn Hunters Ecosystem. Unicoin has developed extensive
media relationships in its push to promote both its Global Private Offering for two years, as well as its intensive push to market
and promote the Unicorn Hunters show. These media relationships give us access to steep discounts, insight into available media inventory,
preferred placement, and extensive analytics. We plan to leverage these relationships for the benefit of Unicoin holders by: 

12 

allowing Unicoin holders to purchase media inventory at our discounted rate using Unicoins. Unicoin will purchase media inventory and resell it to Unicoin holders in exchange for Unicoins and/or cash, thereby giving such holders preferred access and pricing for media inventory and allowing to retain a portion of the spread in pricing for its effort. Exact pricing and spreads will be determined on a case-by-case basis and have not been predetermined. We cannot guaranty that media inventory will be available, will be purchasable with Unicoins, or will be resalable by us for any profit; and 

allowing Unicoin holders to purchase media and advertising space on the Unicorn Hunters show or otherwise within this Unicorn Hunters Ecosystem using their Unicoins. This would be a direct purchase from Unicoin or Unicorn Hunters, with pricing at our discretion, but ideally at attractive rates compared to market rates. We cannot guaranty that such media inventory will be available at attractive rates or resalable by us for any profit. 

We have not identified all the persons that
we will need to hire to provide services and functions critical to the development of Unicoins and no assurance can be given that we will
be able to hire the necessary persons on acceptable terms, if at all. 

Our Unicoin business is in its developmental stage
and we have not identified all the persons that we will need to hire to provide services and functions critical to the development of
this line of business. If we are unable to hire persons with the necessary expertise on terms acceptable to us, then we will not be able
to develop Unicoins as contemplated. Further, even if we are able to hire such service providers, they might be unable to meet our specifications
and requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to develop and launch our business plan. 

We
may not be able to successfully execute our business strategy if we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940. 

In
general, under the Investment Company Act, a U.S. company that does not qualify to use one of the private investment company 
(or other specialized) exemptions from investment company status, that has made (or proposes to make) a public offering of its securities
and that is, or hold itself out as being, engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities must register,
and is subject to regulation, as an investment company under that Act. In addition, in general, investment company status may apply (again,
unless a specialized exemption is available) because a company owns investment securities (essentially, non-controlling
interests in other companies securities or controlling interests in companies that have the characteristics of an investment company)
constituting more than 40 of the value of the investing company s unconsolidated assets (disregarding U.S. government securities
and cash items ). The future activities of our Unicorn Hunters show, which is intended to develop a diversified portfolio
of startup and emerging growth companies to support the value of Unicoins, is likely to cause us or one or more of our subsidiaries to
be considered an investment company. 

We
may accept certain cryptocurrencies, such as Bitcoin (BTC), Ether (ETH), Litecoin (LTC) and USD Coin (USDC) among others, as payment
for the purchase of Unicoins. The Company intends to hold these cryptocurrencies without converting into fiat currencies, in custodial
wallets through Coinbase. Upon future liquidity needs, through Coinbase, the Company could pay a vendor for goods or services or convert
the digital assets to a fiat currency, using the proceeds for general business operational purposes. Further, we expect that our subsidiary,
Unicorns Inc. will own investment securities (essentially, non-controlling interests in other companies securities
or controlling interests in companies that have the characteristics of an investment company) constituting more than 40 of the value
of its unconsolidated assets (disregarding U.S. government securities and cash items and may therefore need to register
and operate as an investment company. 

13 

If
the Company were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, applicable restrictions could
make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business. The Investment
Company Act contains substantive legal requirements that regulate the manner in which an investment company is permitted
to conduct its business activities. If we or one of our subsidiaries are deemed to be, and are required to register as, an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including limitations on our ability to borrow, limitations
on our capital structure, limitations on our ability to issue additional common stock, restrictions on acquisitions of interests in associated
companies, prohibitions on transactions with affiliates, restrictions on specific investments. In addition, we may have imposed upon
us burdensome requirements, including compliance with governance, reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other statutory
requirements and related rules and regulations. If and when we are deemed to be an investment company, we would need to arrange our structure
and future operations accordingly in order to comply with the foregoing restrictions and requirements. Compliance with the requirements
of the Investment Company Act applicable to registered investment companies will add significant costs to our operations and
could have a negative impact on our consolidated revenues and cost of operations. If we were ever deemed to be in noncompliance with
the Investment Company Act, we could also be subject to various penalties, including administrative or judicial proceedings that
might result in censure, fine, civil penalties, cease-and-desist orders or other adverse consequences, as well as private rights of action,
any of which could materially adversely affect our business. 

We
will need to implement strict finance and accounting systems, procedures and controls to operate our business. 

We
will be required to comply with a variety of reporting, accounting and other rules and regulations. Compliance with these requirements
will be expensive. We will need to implement strict finance and accounting systems, procedures and controls to satisfy our reporting
requirements and these requirements may increase our costs and require additional management time and resources. If our internal controls
have undetected weaknesses or our internal control over financial reporting is determined to be ineffective, such failure could cause
investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, negatively affect the market price of Unicoins (and our common stock)
and adversely impact our business and financial condition. 

We
have no operating history in blockchain and security tokens, and therefore valuation of the Certificates and Unicoins is difficult. 

Our
operations to date have consisted of developing, marketing and selling our SaaS and TaaS services and the Unicorn Hunters show. Accordingly,
we have no operating history in the blockchain and security token industries upon which an evaluation of our prospects and future performance
with respect to Unicoins can be made. 

We
believe that the value of Unicoins will be influenced by the supply of Unicoins, the market s perception of the Unicoin s
value and the liquidity for Unicoins on a secondary market, as well as the success of Unicorn Hunters and the development of a diversified
portfolio of interests in promising companies, which will support the value proposition of Unicoins. The original purchase price of certificates
evidencing the right to receive Unicoins Certificates and the underlying Unicoins may not be indicative of the market
price of Unicoins after they have been made available for trading on a market. There is also no assurance that the market price of Unicoins
will not decline below their original purchase price. 

The
application of distributed ledger technology and reliance on third-party blockchains is novel and untested and may contain inherent flaws
or limitations. 

Blockchain
is an emerging technology that offers new capabilities which are not fully proven in use. There are limited examples of the application
of distributed ledger technology. In most cases, software used by blockchain asset issuing entities will be in an early development stage
and still unproven. As with other novel software products, the computer code underpinning the Unicoins and Ethereum blockchain may contain
errors, or function in unexpected ways. Insufficient testing of smart contract code, as well as the use of external code libraries, may
cause the software to break or function incorrectly. Any error or unexpected functionality may cause a decline in value of the Unicoin
and result in substantial losses to purchasers of Unicoins. 

14 

If
we discover errors or unexpected functionalities in the Unicoin smart contract after it has been deployed, we may make a determination
that the Unicoin smart contract is defective and that its use should be discontinued. Although we intend to replace the Unicoins and
the Unicoin smart contract with a new token using a new smart contract, we may be required to take certain measures, such as freezing
digital wallet addresses so that such wallets cannot transfer Unicoins, which may disrupt trading in Unicoins. Such a determination and
our subsequent deployment of a new smart contract and replacement token could have a material effect on the value of any investment in
the Unicoins or our business. 

In addition, if we utilize an Ethereum-based blockchain,
transactions on that blockchain may require a gas fee, which is a fee payable in ETH, for verifying a transaction.
Depending on the mechanics and pricing of the digital asset exchange that we choose, gas fees may be payable by us, or may be passed on
to users when transacting on the blockchain. Further, the cost to tokenize and list Unicoins on a trading platform consists of multiple
due diligence, technical and setup fees, which are presently unknown, but expected to be between 250 thousand and 500 thousand. Such
fees will vary, depending upon the exchange platform chosen and the number of Unicoin Rights holders to be onboarded onto a platform.
The variable amount of gas fees and other expenses presents an undetermined expense for investors and/or the company, which may have an
adverse effect on the eventual market value for our Unicoins and could negatively impact their liquidity. 

The
creation and operation of digital platforms for the public trading of blockchain assets will be subject to potential technical, legal
and regulatory constraints. There is no warranty that the process for receiving, use and ownership of blockchain assets will be uninterrupted
or error-free and there is an inherent risk that the software, network, blockchain assets and related technologies and theories could
contain undiscovered technical flaws or weaknesses, the cryptographic security measures that authenticate transactions and the distributed
ledger could be compromised, and breakdowns and trading halts could cause the partial or complete inability to use or loss of blockchain
assets. 

Risks
associated with the distributed ledger technology could affect our business directly or the market for blockchain assets generally. In
either case, the occurrence of these events could have a materially adverse effect on an investment in the Company. 

The
Unicoins project may ultimately fail, for technical, operational, commercial, regulatory or any other reasons. 

It is possible that despite the reasonable endeavors
of such persons and their advisors, such development may fail, e.g., if insufficient funds are received during the Unicoin fundraising
effort or if Unicoins are not ultimately created, including due to technical, operational, commercial, regulatory or any other reasons.
These events will negatively impact our current business strategy and are therefore likely to negatively impact the value of Unicoin Inc.
and its common stock. 

The
prospect of any holder of Unicoins to receive any cash or Unicoin distributions from us is highly uncertain. 

We
plan, through our Unicorns Inc. subsidiary and the Unicorn Hunters show, to develop a diversified portfolio of equity interests in private
companies that we believe have the potential to reach a valuation of 1 billion or more. Our intent is to liquidate such positions for
a gain, when such companies achieve a liquidity event, such as through a public offering, listing, merger or otherwise. Upon a liquidity
event and divestiture of any such holdings, we plan to distribute net proceeds to holders of Unicoins and/or shareholders of Unicoin
Inc., in amounts and allocation percentages that remain unknown and undecided at this time. There can be no assurance that any of such
portfolio companies will achieve a liquidity event, or that we will be successful in developing a diversified portfolio, or that any
such liquidity event will allow us to achieve a net gain. Therefore, our ability to pay distributions to holders of Unicoins in any form
(i.e., cash, additional Unicoins or a combination of both) is highly uncertain at this time, and we may not be able to make such distributions
at all. Further, we can give no assurance that the company can accurately predict the future value of any portfolio company. In such
case, the value of Unicoins could be materially negatively impacted, and harm to our reputation could occur. 

There
is currently no trading market for Unicoins and we cannot ensure that a liquid market will occur or be sustainable. 

At
the time of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Unicoins have not yet been developed or released into the market, and
there is therefore no public market for Unicoins or for the Certificates. There can be no assurance that there will be an active market
for Unicoins in the future, whether on a registered securities exchange or alternative trading system ATS that has accepted
Unicoins for trading or quotation, or elsewhere. There is no plan to have our Unicoins trade on a national securities exchange and there
is significant uncertainty as to whether Unicoins will or may be traded on any trading platform, whether within or outside the United
States. 

15 

We
may, in the future, take certain steps, including utilizing investor awareness campaigns, press releases, road shows and conferences
to increase awareness of our business. We may need to compensate consultants with cash and/or Unicoins. There can be no assurance that
there will be any awareness generated or the results of any efforts will result in any impact on Unicoin trading volume. 

Blockchain
is a nascent and rapidly changing technology and there remains relatively small use of blockchain networks and blockchain assets in the
retail and commercial marketplace. The slowing or stopping of the development or acceptance of blockchain networks may adversely affect
an investment in our Company. 

The
development of blockchain networks is a new and rapidly evolving industry that is subject to a high degree of uncertainty. Factors affecting
the further development of the blockchain industry include: 

continued worldwide growth
 in the adoption and use of blockchain networks and assets; 

the maintenance and development
 of the open-source software protocol of blockchain networks; 

changes in consumer demographics
 and public tastes and preferences; 

the popularity or acceptance
 of the Bitcoin or Ethereum networks; 

the availability and popularity
 of other forms or methods of buying and selling goods and services, including new means of using fiat currencies; 

government and quasi-government
 regulation of blockchain networks and assets, including any restrictions on access, operation and use of blockchain networks and
 assets; and 

the general economic environment
 and conditions relating to blockchain networks and assets. 

Our
business model is dependent on continued investment in and development of the blockchain industry and related technologies. If investments
in the blockchain industry become less attractive to investors or innovators and developers, or if blockchain networks and assets do
not gain public acceptance or are not adopted and used by a substantial number of individuals, companies and other entities, then it
would have a material adverse impact on our prospects and our operations. 

The
application of distributed ledger technology remains relatively novel and untested and may contain inherent flaws or limitations. 

Blockchain,
while becoming more prevalent in today s economy, is still an emerging technology that offers new capabilities which are not
fully proven in use. There are limited examples of the application of distributed ledger technology. In most cases, software used by
blockchain asset issuing entities will be in an early development stage and still unproven. As with other novel software products,
the computer code underpinning Unicoins and Ethereum blockchain may contain errors, or function in unexpected ways. Insufficient
testing of smart contract code, as well as the use of external code libraries, may cause the software to break or function
incorrectly. Any error or unexpected functionality may cause a decline in the value of Unicoins after their issuance and result in
substantial losses to purchasers of Certificates and the underlying Unicoins. 

If
we discover errors or unexpected functionalities in the Unicoin smart contract after it has been deployed, we may make a determination
that the Unicoin smart contract is defective and that its use should be discontinued. We may be required to take certain measures, such
as freezing digital wallet addresses so that such wallets cannot transfer Unicoins, which may disrupt trading in Unicoins. Such a determination
and our subsequent deployment of a new smart contract and replacement token could have a material effect on the value of any investment
in the Unicoin or our business. 

16 

The
creation and operation of digital platforms for the public trading of blockchain assets will be subject to potential technical, legal
and regulatory constraints. There is no guaranty that the process for receiving, use and ownership of blockchain assets will be uninterrupted
or error-free and there is an inherent risk that the software, network, blockchain assets and related technologies and theories could
contain undiscovered technical flaws or weaknesses, the cryptographic security measures that authenticate transactions and the distributed
ledger could be compromised, and breakdowns and trading halts could cause the partial or complete inability to use or loss of blockchain
assets. 

Risks
associated with the distributed ledger technology could affect our business directly or the market for blockchain assets generally. In
either case, the occurrence of these events could have a materially adverse effect on the Company. 

The
open-source structure of blockchain software means that blockchain networks may be susceptible to malicious cyber-attacks or may contain
exploitable flaws, which may result in security breaches and the loss or theft of blockchain assets. 

Most
blockchain networks operate based on some form of open-source software. An open-source project is not represented, maintained or monitored
by an official organization or authority. Because of the nature of open-source software projects, it may be easier for third parties
not affiliated with the issuer to introduce weaknesses or bugs into the core infrastructure elements of the blockchain network. This
could result in the corruption of the open-source code which may result in the loss or theft of blockchain assets. 

Blockchain
networks may be the target of malicious attacks seeking to identify and exploit weaknesses in the software. Such events may result in
a loss of trust in the security and operation of blockchain networks and a decline in user activity which could have a negative impact
on the Company. 

Each
blockchain network, including the Ethereum network, is dependent upon its users and contributors, and actions taken, or not taken, by
the users or contributors of a blockchain network could damage its reputation and the reputation of blockchain networks generally. 

Developers
and other contributors to blockchain network protocols generally maintain or develop those blockchain networks, including the verification
of transactions on such networks. Because the networks are decentralized, these contributors are generally not directly compensated for
their actions. Therefore, most blockchain networks provide that such contributors receive awards and transfer fees for recording transactions
and otherwise maintaining the blockchain network. Such fees are generally paid in the blockchain asset of that network. 

The
security and integrity of blockchain assets, including the value ascribed to blockchain assets, relies on the integrity of the underlying
blockchain networks. We currently plan to issue Unicoins as an ERC20 blockchain asset that is programmed using a smart contract that
is compatible with the Ethereum blockchain. As the Unicoin has not yet been tokenized, it remains uncertain which blockchain standard
will ultimately be utilized, while the ERC-20 standard was originally contemplated. While the Company believes that Ethereum may be a
suitable blockchain for Unicoin, further technological and regulatory developments prior to the tokenization of Unicoin may result in
the Company selecting a different blockchain. Therefore, based upon the available technologies and the Company s needs at the time
of tokenization, a standard will be selected at a later date. The development cost of Unicoin is currently estimated by the Company to
be approximately 500,000, based upon bids submitted by blockchain developers. Transfer costs will include exchange fees of the individual
exchanges on which Unicoin may be traded. To ensure compliance with federal securities laws, it is the Company s intention to register
the Unicoins as securities via an appropriate registration statement, prior to their inclusion on any U.S. exchange. By U.S. Exchanges, 
we mean an available exchange where security tokens may be legally traded in a secondary market, such as a registered Alternative Trading
System ATS ). Examples of ATSs that may be available to us include INX Securities, LLC, tZERO ATS, LLC, and Securitize
Markets ATS. The company does not yet have an agreement for listing with any ATS, and therefore such a listing is uncertain and cannot
be guaranteed. 

To date, the Company has begun exploring possible
service providers and exchanges who can assist with the tokenization of Unicoins and eventual launch, but have not yet begun actual technological
development or coding of the tokens. The Company reasonably expects that technical development can happen in a relatively short time,
assuming regulatory readiness for launch, and hopes to complete this process during the calendar year 2023. Neither the Unicoin Rights
nor the tokenized Unicoins will grant any intellectual property rights to holders. 

17 

If
Unicoins are developed such that mining of additional Unicoins is available, and if the awards and fees paid for maintenance of a network
are not sufficiently high to incentivize miners, miners may respond in a way that reduces confidence in the blockchain network. To the
extent that any miners cease to record transactions in solved blocks, transactions that do not include the payment of a transfer fee
will not be recorded on the blockchain until a block is solved by a miner who does not require the payment of transfer fees. Any widespread
delays in the recording of transactions could result in a loss of confidence in the blockchain network and its assets. To the extent
that this occurs with regard to blockchain networks that underlie the blockchain assets traded on our platforms, including the Ethereum
network, it could have a materially adverse effect on an investment in the Company. To the extent that this occurs with regard to the
Ethereum network, it could have a materially adverse effect on an investment in Unicoins. 

The
prices of blockchain assets are extremely volatile. Fluctuations in the price of Bitcoin, Ether and/or other blockchain assets could
materially and adversely affect the Company and the value of Unicoins. 

The
prices of blockchain assets such as Bitcoin and Ether have historically been subject to dramatic fluctuations and are highly volatile.
As relatively new products and technologies, blockchain assets have only recently become accepted as a means of payment for goods and
services, and such acceptance and use remains limited. Conversely, a significant portion of demand for blockchain assets is generated
by speculators and investors seeking to profit from the short- or long-term holding of blockchain assets. 

In
addition, some blockchain industry participants have reported that a significant percentage of blockchain asset trading activity is artificial
or non-economic in nature and may represent attempts to manipulate the price of certain blockchain assets. Trading platforms or blockchain
assets may seek to inflate demand for a specific blockchain assets, or blockchain assets generally, which could increase the volatility
of that asset or blockchain asset trading prices generally. 

The
market price of these blockchain assets, as well as other blockchain assets that may be developed in the future, may continue to be highly
volatile. A lack of expansion, or a contraction of adoption and use of blockchain assets, may result in increased volatility or a reduction
in the price of blockchain assets. 

Several
additional factors may influence the market price of blockchain assets, including, but not limited to: 

Global blockchain asset
 supply; 

Global blockchain asset
 demand, which can be influenced by the growth of retail merchants and commercial businesses acceptance of blockchain
 assets like cryptocurrencies as payment for goods and services, the security of online blockchain asset trading platforms and digital
 wallets that hold blockchain assets, the perception that the use and holding of blockchain assets is safe and secure, and the regulatory
 restrictions on their use; 

Changes in the software,
 software requirements or hardware requirements underlying the blockchain networks; 

Changes in the rights,
 obligations, incentives, or rewards for the various participants in blockchain networks; 

The cost of trading and
 transacting in blockchain assets, and whether such costs may become fixed or standardized; 

Investors expectations
 with respect to the rate of inflation; 

Interest rates; 

18 

Currency exchange rates,
 including the rates at which blockchain assets may be exchanged for fiat currencies; 

Fiat currency withdrawal
 and deposit policies of blockchain asset trading platforms and liquidity on such platforms; 

Interruptions in service
 or other failures of major blockchain asset trading platforms; 

Investment and trading
 activities of large investors, including private and registered funds, that may directly or indirectly invest in blockchain networks
 or blockchain assets; 

Monetary policies of governments,
 trade restrictions, currency devaluations and revaluations; 

Regulatory measures, if
 any, that affect the use of blockchain assets; 

The maintenance and development
 of the open-source software utilized in blockchain networks; 

Global or regional political,
 economic or financial events and situations; or 

Expectations among blockchain
 network participants that the value of such blockchain assets will soon change. 

Monetary policies of governments,
 trade restrictions, currency devaluations and revaluations; 

Regulatory measures, if
 any, that affect the use of blockchain assets; 

The maintenance and development
 of the open-source software utilized in blockchain networks; 

Global or regional political,
 economic or financial events and situations; or 

Expectations among blockchain
 network participants that the value of such blockchain assets will soon change. 

A
decrease in the price of a single blockchain asset may cause volatility in the entire blockchain industry and may affect other blockchain
assets. For example, a security breach that affects investor or user confidence in Ether or Bitcoin may affect the industry as a whole
and may also cause the price of other blockchain assets to fluctuate. 

The
value of blockchain assets and fluctuations in the price of blockchain assets could materially and adversely affect our business and
investment in the Company. 

The
regulatory regimes governing blockchain technologies, blockchain assets and the purchase and sale of blockchain assets, especially securities
tokens such as Unicoins, are uncertain, and new regulations or policies may materially adversely affect the development of blockchain
networks and the use of blockchain assets. 

Initially,
it was unclear how distributed ledger technologies, blockchain assets and the businesses and activities utilizing such technologies and
assets would fit into the current web of government regulation. As blockchain networks and blockchain assets have grown in popularity
and in market size, international, federal, state and local regulatory agencies have begun to clarify their position regarding the sale,
purchase, ownership and trading of blockchain assets. 

19 

Regulation
of the trading of blockchain assets has evolved significantly over the past year. On November 16, 2018, the Division of Corporation
Finance, Division of Investment Management, and Division of Trading and Markets issued the Statement on Digital Asset Securities Issuance
and Trading, confirming the applicability of the federal securities law framework to new and emerging technologies, such as blockchain
assets. The Statement summarized the Commission s stance on actors and institutions that sell security tokens in initial offerings
or develop and facilitate the secondary market for security tokens, which is that market participants must still adhere to the Commission s
well-established and well-functioning federal securities law framework when dealing with technological innovations, regardless of whether
the securities are issued in certificated form or using new technologies, such as blockchain. Although the Statement provides additional
guidance to participants in the blockchain asset marketplace, in general the regulation of blockchain assets under the current regulatory
framework applicable to currencies or securities remains in its early stages and is subject to uncertainty. 

In
addition, various legislative and executive bodies in the United States and in other countries have shown that they intend to adopt legislation
to regulate the sale and use of blockchain assets. Such legislation may vary significantly among jurisdictions, which may subject participants
in the blockchain trading marketplace to different and perhaps contradictory requirements. As of October 2022, thirty-seven states
have addressed legislation regarding cryptocurrency, digital or virtual currencies and other digital assets in the 2022 legislative session,
according to the National Conference of State Legislators. 

New
or changing laws and regulations or interpretations of existing laws and regulations, in the United States and elsewhere, may materially
and adversely impact the development and growth of blockchain networks and the adoption and use of blockchain assets. The imposition
of restrictions on all blockchain assets, or certain blockchain assets, could affect the value, liquidity and market price of blockchain
assets subject to heighten regulation, by limiting access to marketplaces or exchanges on which to trade such blockchain assets, or imposing
restrictions on the structure, rights and transferability of such blockchain assets. Some governments may seek to ban transactions in
blockchain assets altogether. 

The
Company may be prevented from entering, or it may be required to cease operations in, a jurisdiction that makes it illegal or commercially
unviable or undesirable to operate in such jurisdiction. Enforcement, or the threat of enforcement, may also drive a critical mass of
participants and trading activity away from regulated markets, and toward unregulated exchanges. Although it is impossible to predict
the positions that will be taken by certain governments, any regulatory changes affecting blockchain assets could be substantial and
materially adverse to the development and growth of our business and investment in the Company. 

Risks
Related to Our Industry 

We
rely upon the internet infrastructure, cloud service providers and telecommunications networks in the markets in which we operate 

Our
product and services are provided as a software-as-a-service and talent-as-a-service, meaning that we contract with third-party providers
to host our application and platform. While we take every precaution and use best-in class providers, our business depends on the performance
and reliability of our third-party cloud service providers in the markets where we operate. There are risks inherent in all cloud computing
that if our platform were affected, could affect the availability of our service or negatively impact our subscribers. Key risks include: 

Unauthorized access to
 or leaks of our customer data; 

Security risks in the technology
 itself; 

Unauthorized access to
 or leaks of our proprietary technology; 

20 

Inability to set or reinforce
 security policy; 

Application or system performance;
 and 

Provider s business
 continuity and disaster readiness. 

In
the event of a technology breakdown by our service provider, our subscribers may experience disruptions or failures of, or other
problems with use of our platform. In addition, the Internet infrastructure in emerging markets where we operate may hold higher
risks of failure. 

Any
interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers
and other hardware and software vendors, or our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity
requirements, could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. 

We
currently serve our customers from third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing platform providers located in the United
States, Canada and the United Kingdom. We also rely on computer hardware purchased or leased from, software licensed from, and cloud
computing platforms provided by, third parties to offer our services, including database software, hardware and data from a variety of
vendors. Any damage to, or failure of our systems generally, including the systems of our third-party platform providers, could result
in interruptions in our services. As we increase our reliance on these third-party systems, our exposure to damage from service interruptions
may increase. Interruptions in our services may cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to make warranty or other
claims against us or to terminate their subscriptions and adversely affect our attrition rates and our ability to attract new customers,
all of which would reduce our revenue. Our business would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our services
are unreliable. 

Infrastructure
capacity requirements may exceed our expectation such that we experience significant strains on our data center capacity, resulting in
our customers experiencing performance degradation or service outages that may subject us to financial liabilities and harm our business.
As we add data-centers and capacity and continue to utilize cloud computing platform providers, we may move or transfer our data and
our customers data. Despite precautions taken during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of
our services, which may damage our business. 

We
may not have adequate sources of recovery if the digital assets held by us are lost, stolen or destroyed due to third-party digital asset
services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Certain
digital assets held by us are stored using Coinbase. We believe that the security procedures that Coinbase utilizes, such as dual authentication
security, secured facilities, segregated accounts and cold storage, are reasonably designed to safeguard our digital assets from theft,
loss, destruction or other issues relating to hackers and technological attack. Nevertheless, the security procedures cannot guarantee
the prevention of any loss due to a security breach, software defect or act of God that may be borne by us. In addition, Coinbase s
limited liability under its services agreement with us may limit our ability to recover losses relating to our digital assets. If such
digital assets are lost, stolen or destroyed under circumstances rendering a third party liable to us, it is possible that the responsible
third party may not have the financial resources or insurance sufficient to satisfy any or all of our claims against the third party,
or have the ability to retrieve, restore or replace the lost, stolen or destroyed digital assets due to governing network protocols and
the strength of the cryptographic systems associated with such digital assets. To the extent that we are unable to recover on any of
our claims against any such third party, such loss could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

21 

The
popularity of content is difficult to predict and can change rapidly, and low public acceptance of the Unicorn Hunters show could adversely
affect our results of operations. 

The
anticipated revenues derived from the sale, distribution and licensing of television and streaming programming, and our ability to acquire
our desired portfolio of private equities, depend primarily on widespread public acceptance of the Unicorn Hunters show, which is difficult
to predict and can change rapidly. We have invested and must continue to invest substantial amounts in the production and marketing of
the Unicorn Hunters show before we learn whether it will reach anticipated levels of popularity with consumers and potential investors.
The popularity of the Unicorn Hunters show depends on many factors, only some of which are within our control. Examples include the popularity,
quality and amount of competing content (including, in addition to traditional competitors in media and entertainment, locally-produced
content internationally and other business-related programming, some of which have large and growing subscriber/user bases and are significantly
increasing their programming investments), our ability to maintain or develop strong brand awareness and target key audiences, and our
ability to successfully anticipate (and timely adapt to) changes in consumer tastes in the many countries and territories in which we
operate. Low public acceptance of the Unicorn Hunters could adversely affect its results of operations and therefore the overall value
of Unicoin Inc.. 

Privacy
concerns and laws such as the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, evolving regulation of cloud computing, cross-border
data transfer restrictions and other domestic or foreign regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services and adversely affect
our business. 

Regulation
related to the provision of services over the Internet is evolving, as federal, state and foreign governments continue to adopt new,
or modify existing, laws and regulations addressing data privacy and the collection, processing, storage, transfer and use of data. In
some cases, data privacy laws and regulations, such as the European Union s EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR that took effect in May 2018, could impose new obligations directly on us as both a data controller and a data
processor, as well as on many of our customers. In addition, domestic data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA which took effect in January 2020, continue to evolve and could expose us to further regulatory burdens. Further,
laws such as the EU s proposed e-Privacy Regulation are increasingly aimed at the use of personal information for marketing purposes,
and the tracking of individuals online activities. 

These
laws may require us to make additional changes to our services to enable Unicoin Inc. or our customers to meet the new legal requirements
and may also increase our potential liability exposure through higher potential penalties for non-compliance. These new or proposed laws
and regulations are subject to differing interpretations and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions. These and other requirements could
reduce demand for our services, require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our ability to store, transfer
and process data or, in some cases, impact our ability or our customers ability to offer our services in certain locations, to
deploy our solutions, to reach current and prospective customers, or to derive insights from customer data globally. For example, ongoing
legal challenges in Europe to the mechanisms allowing companies to transfer personal data from the European Economic Area to the United
States could result in further limitations on the ability to transfer data across borders, particularly if governments are unable or
unwilling to reach new or maintain existing agreements that support cross-border data transfers, such as the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy
Shield framework. Additionally, certain countries have passed or are considering passing laws requiring local data residency. The costs
of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, privacy laws, regulations and standards may limit the use and adoption of our services,
reduce overall demand for our services, make it more difficult to meet expectations from or commitments to customers, lead to significant
fines, penalties or liabilities for noncompliance, impact our reputation, or slow the pace at which we close sales transactions, any
of which could harm our business. 

Furthermore,
the uncertain and shifting regulatory environment and trust climate may cause concerns regarding data privacy and may cause our customers
or our customers customers to resist providing the data necessary to allow our customers to use our services effectively. Even
the perception that the privacy of personal information is not satisfactorily protected or does not meet regulatory requirements could
inhibit sales of our products or services and could limit adoption of our cloud-based solutions. 

22 

If
we fail to anticipate or identify significant Internet-related and other technology trends and developments early enough, or if we do
not devote appropriate resources to adapting to such trends and developments, our business could be harmed. 

If
we are unable to develop enhancements to and new features for our existing or new services that keep pace with rapid technological developments,
our business could be harmed. The success of enhancements, new features and services depends on several factors, including the timely
completion, introduction and market acceptance of the feature, service or enhancement by customers, administrators and developers, as
well as our ability to seamlessly integrate all of our service offerings and develop adequate selling capabilities in new markets. Failure
in this regard may significantly impair our revenue growth as well as negatively impact our operating results if the additional costs
are not offset by additional revenues. In addition, because our services are designed to operate over various network technologies and
on a variety of operating systems and computer hardware and software platforms using a standard browser, we will need to continuously
modify and enhance our services to keep pace with changes in Internet-related hardware, software, communication, browser, and database
technologies, as well as continue to maintain and support our services on legacy systems. We may not be successful in either developing
these modifications and enhancements or in bringing them to market timely. Furthermore, uncertainties about the timing and nature of
new network platforms or technologies, or modifications to existing platforms or technologies, could increase our research and development
or service delivery expenses. Any failure of our services to operate effectively with future network platforms and technologies could
reduce the demand for our services, result in customer dissatisfaction and harm our business. 

Our
ability to deliver our services is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet by third parties. 

The
Internet s infrastructure is comprised of many different networks and services that are highly fragmented and distributed by design.
This infrastructure is run by a series of independent third-party organizations that work together to provide the infrastructure and
supporting services of the Internet under the governance of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Numbers and Names ICANN and the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority, now under the stewardship of ICANN. 

The
Internet has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damages to portions of its infrastructure, denial-of-service
attacks or related cyber incidents, and it could face outages and delays in the future. These outages and delays could reduce the level
of Internet usage or result in fragmentation of the Internet, resulting in multiple separate Internets. These scenarios are not under
our control and could reduce the availability of the Internet to us or our customers for delivery of our Internet-based services. Any
resulting interruptions in our services or the ability of our customers to access our services could result in a loss of potential or
existing customers and harm our business. 

In
addition, certain countries have implemented (or may implement) legislative and technological actions that either do or can effectively
regulate access to the Internet, including the ability of Internet Service Providers to limit access to specific websites or content.
These actions could potentially limit or interrupt access to our services from certain countries or Internet Service Providers, impede
our growth, result in the loss of potential or existing customers and harm our business. 

Sales
to customers outside the United States expose us to risks inherent in international operations. 

We
sell our services throughout the world and are subject to risks and challenges associated with international business. We intend to continue
to expand our international sales efforts. The risks and challenges associated with sales to customers outside the United States or those
that can affect international operations generally, include: 

localization of our services,
 including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses; 

regulatory frameworks or
 business practices favoring local competitors; 

23 

evolving domestic and international
 tax environments; 

foreign currency fluctuations
 and controls, which may make our services more expensive for international customers and could add volatility to our operating results; 

compliance with multiple,
 conflicting, ambiguous or evolving governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy, anti-corruption, import/export,
 antitrust, data transfer, storage and protection, and industry-specific laws and regulations, and our ability to identify and respond
 timely to compliance issues when they occur; 

regional data privacy laws
 and other regulatory requirements that apply to outsourced service providers and to the transmission of our customers data
 across international borders, which grow more complex as we scale and expand into new markets; 

treatment of revenue from
 international sources, intellectual property considerations and changes to tax codes, including being subject to foreign tax laws
 and being liable for paying withholding income or other taxes in foreign jurisdictions; 

different pricing environments; 

natural disasters, acts
 of war, terrorism, pandemics or security breaches; and 

regional economic and political
 conditions. 

Any
of these factors could negatively impact our business and results of operations. The above factors may also negatively impact our ability
to successfully expand into emerging market countries, where it can be costly and challenging to establish and maintain operations, including
hiring and managing required personnel, and difficult to promote our brand, and where we may not otherwise succeed. 

Weakened
global economic conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. 

Our
overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions. The United States and other key international
economies have experienced cyclical downturns from time to time in which economic activity was impacted by falling demand for a variety
of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange
markets, bankruptcies and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. These economic conditions can arise suddenly, and the full
impact of such conditions can remain uncertain. In addition, geopolitical developments, such as potential trade wars, can increase levels
of political and economic unpredictability globally and increase the volatility of global financial markets. Moreover, these conditions
can affect the rate of information technology spending and could adversely affect our customers ability or willingness to purchase
our services, delay prospective customers purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their subscription contracts,
or affect attrition rates, all of which could adversely affect our future sales and operating results. These conditions may also limit
the overall willingness or ability of employers to hire additional staff, contractors or freelancers, and could decrease the willingness
of investors to invest in the securities of private companies, such as those featured on our Unicorn Hunters show. All of these conditions
could adversely affect our future sales and operating results. Also, the broader consequences in the current conflict between Russia
and Ukraine, which may include further embargoes, regional instability and geopolitical shifts; airspace bans relating to certain routes,
or strategic decisions to alter certain routes; and potential retaliatory action by the Russian government against companies, and the
extent of the conflict on our business and operating results cannot be predicted. We may incur expenses or delays relating to such events
outside of our control, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

24 

We
may be subject to risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations. 

Our
contracts with federal, state, local, and foreign government entities, as well as those of our customers, are subject to various procurement
regulations and other requirements relating to their formation, administration and performance. We may be subject to audits and investigations
relating to our government contracts, and any violations could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions,
including termination of contract, refunding or suspending of payments, forfeiture of profits, payment of fines, and suspension or debarment
from future government business. In addition, such contracts may provide for termination by the government at any time, without cause.
Any of these risks related to contracting with governmental entities, whether by us or our customers who are government contractors could
adversely impact our future sales and operating results. 

We
may be subject to risks related to talent classification in our TaaS businesses in various jurisdictions . 

While
our terms of service for users of our TaaS services limit all sourced talent to the classification of independent contractor, we cannot
be assured that local regulations in all countries into which we place or from which we secure talent will agree with our classification.
Therefore, we face the risk that certain jurisdictions will treat our sourced talent as employees of our users/customers, which will
subject us to increased regulatory burdens, increased costs, and possibly misclassification penalties. Such classification disputes,
or an undesired result of such disputes, could cause our TaaS businesses to become less profitable or unprofitable, or could limit the
geographic diversity from which we source talent. 

Risk
Related to COVID-19 

The
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related public health measures have materially affected how we and our customers are operating our
businesses, and have in the past materially affected our operating results and cash flows; the duration and extent to which this will
impact our future results of operations and cash flows remain uncertain. 

In
January 2020, the World Health Organization WHO announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus COVID-19 and the risks to the international community. In March 2020, WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a
pandemic based on the rapid increase in exposure globally. The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has affected the United States and global
economies and may affect the Company s operations and those of third parties on which the Company relies. While the potential economic
impact brought by, and the duration of, the COVID-19 pandemic is difficult to assess or predict, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
on the global financial markets may reduce the Company s ability to access capital, which could negatively impact the Company s
short-term and long-term liquidity. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and related public health measures have materially affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses,
and have in the past materially affected our operating results and cash flows; the duration and extent to which this will impact our
future results remain uncertain. We have in the past and may in the future deem it advisable to alter, postpone or cancel entirely additional
customer, employee and industry events. 

In
March 2020, we also temporarily closed our offices. This global work-from-home operating environment has caused strain for, and
has adversely impacted productivity of, certain employees, and these conditions may persist and harm our business, including our future
sales and operating results. As long as the pandemic continues, our employees may be exposed to health risks and government directives
may require us to again close certain of our offices that have since been reopened. Changes in our work environment and workforce in
the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic could also adversely affect our operations. 

25 

Our
operations have been negatively affected by a range of external factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic that are not within our control,
and COVID-19 cases (including the spread of variants or mutant strains) continue to surge in certain parts of the world, which could
impact the operations of our business infrastructure and service providers in such parts of the world and delay our security measures,
business processes, product development and foreign investments. Authorities throughout the world have implemented numerous preventative
measures to contain or mitigate further spread of the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, limitations on business activity,
quarantines and shelter-in-place orders. These public health measures have caused, and are continuing to cause, business slowdowns or
shutdowns in affected areas, both regionally and worldwide, which have impacted our business and results of operations and cash flows.
As we continue to monitor the situation and public health guidance throughout the world, we may adjust our current policies and practices,
and existing and new precautionary measures could negatively affect our operations. 

The
long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial condition or results of operations remains uncertain. Due to our
subscription-based business model, the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until
future periods. If the COVID-19 pandemic has a substantial impact on our customers business or the productivity of our
employees or partners, our results of operations and overall financial performance may be harmed. The global macroeconomic effects
of the COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts on our customers business operations and their demand for our products and
services may persist for an indefinite period, even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided. In addition, the effects of the
COVID-19 pandemic may heighten other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 

We have historically failed
to provide current and timely disclosure as a reporting company under Section 12 under the Exchange Act. 

We
are required to provide current and timely disclosure, including financial information, as a reporting company under Section 12 under
the Exchange Act. We did not timely file our interim financial statements on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2022 and June
30, 2022. While these reports were outstanding, investors and shareholders did not have complete and current business and financial information
about the Company, including unaudited quarterly financial information. As such, there was inadequate public information available about
the Company to properly evaluate its common stock or the prospects of the Company at the time such reports were outstanding. While
future compliance with all reporting requirements is a top priority of our current management, no assurances can be provided, given our
limited operating history and our inability to comply with reporting requirements in the past, that we will be able to comply with our
reporting obligations in the future. Failure to comply with reporting obligations subjects us to possible regulatory action by the SEC,
which could adversely affect our business and our results of operations. 

Item
1 B . 
 U NRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

The requirements for Item 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments are not applicable to the Company, as it is not an accelerated filer, a large accelerated filer (each as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) or a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act). 

Item
 2. 
 DESCRIPTION
 OF PROPERTY 

The Company has facilities in Nevada, New York,
California, New Mexico, Texas and Florida. These facilities have leases that expire on various dates through 2025 and are subject to periodic
changes. We believe that our existing facilities are well-maintained and in good operating condition. 

26 

Item
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGs 

We
may from time to time be involved in various claims and legal proceedings of a nature we believe are normal and incidental to our business.
These matters may include product liability, intellectual property, employment, personal injury caused by our employees, and other general
claims. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse
effect on our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion
of management resources and other factors. 

Item
 4. 
 mine
 safety disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

27 

PART
II 

Item
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a)
Market Information. 

Our
Common Stock is not trading on any stock exchange. 

(b)
Holders. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there are approximately 4,208 holders of our Common Stock. 

(c)
Dividends. 

We
have not paid any cash dividends to date and do not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present
intention of our management to utilize all available funds for the development of our business. 

(d)
Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 

None. 

(e)
Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

Capital
Raising Transactions - Common Stock 

Price 

Common Stock Shares Issued 

Dates 

Exemption 

Various 

82,913,692 

5/1/18 to 5/31/20 

Section 4(a)(2) 

0.10 

44,150,000 

1/8/19 to 2/3/20 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

0.20 

22,306,525 

5/1/20 to 8/2/20 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

0.30 

7,398,278 

8/3/20 to 8/23/20 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

0.60 

7,598,831 

8/24/20 to 10/5/20 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

1.00 

7,485,660 

10/6/20 to 11/30/20 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

2.00 

9,158,529 

12/1/20 to 7/31/21 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

3.00 

1,875,356 

7/31/21 to 11/30/21 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

4.00 

1,107,628 

12/1/20 to 12/31/22 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

Convertible
 Notes. All notes have converted. Original total face amount of 2,097,000 and accrued interest of 307,682 into 82,913,691 shares,
 for an average conversion price of 0.13 

Common
Stock Shares Issued in Exchange for Other Securities ITSQuest, Inc. Acquisition 

Fair Value on Date of Issuance or Release from Escrow 

Common Stock Shares Issued 

Dates 

Exemption 

0.19 

6,500,000 

11/25/20 

Section 4(a)(2) 

0.39 

1,500,000 

12/28/22 

Section 4(a)(2) 

Out of the initial 3,500,000 shares
subject to the holdback provision, the Company released 1,500,000 shares on December 28, 2022, pursuant to the amended Share Exchange
Agreement, as discussed in Note 14 Related Party Transactions of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . As
of the day of this Annual Report on Form 10-k, 2,000,000 shares remain subject to the holdback provision, pending resolution of the ITSQuest
tax liability that existed at the time of the acquisition. 

28 

Capital
Raising Transaction Debt 

On
May 24, 2021, we commenced a private placement of debt securities, in the form of short-term unsecured promissory notes. Amounts
sold through December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Minimum Price 
 Total Amount
 Sold 
 Interest Rate 
 Dates 
 Exemption 

1,000 
 1,296,100 
 20.0 
 6/3/21
 to 12/31/22 
 Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

Through
 the day of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company has paid off 593 thousand. 

Capital
Raising Transaction Offering of Unicoins Rights 

On February 7, 2022, we commenced a private
placement of rights to receive Unicoins, in the form of a Token Purchase Agreement or Unicoin Grant Agreement. Amounts sold to accredited
investors or issued to service providers through the day of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are as follows: 

Price
 per Unicoin Right 

Total
 Number of Unicoin 
 Rights Sold 

Dates 

Exemption 

0.01 

1,421,580,000 

2/24/22 to 12/31/22 

Rule 506(c);
 Reg. S 

0.017 

80,462,443 

4/1/22 to 8/30/22 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

0.05 

54,314,000 

3/12/22 to 12/31/22 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

0.055 

42,355,123 

9/1/22 to 11/30/22 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

0.089 

12,834,359 

12/1/22 to 2/28/23 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

0.10 

127,316,000 

3/18/22 to 2/28/23 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

0.20 

9,054,994 

9/8/22 to 3/31/23 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

0.40 

1,741,417 

11/2/22 to 3/31/23 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

0.50 

4,000 

3/1/23 to 3/31/23 

Rule 506(c); Reg. S 

The price per Unicoin Right
 was determined by a tiered pricing schedule based on volume. Each transaction on each of these issuances had at least a certain number
 of Unicoin Rights issued at the specified price. 

Unicoin Rights issued as
 a non-cash distribution to shareholders and as discretionary compensation to employees are not included in this table. Refer to Note
 8 for details regarding the issuance of those Unicoin Rights. 

The date represents when
 the Unicoin Right transaction was funded by the investor. The price was agreed at a previous date when the investor subscribed to
 such price with a commitment to purchase soon after. In the future, there might be additional transactions funded at each of these
 prices listed. 

Pursuant to the five-year deferred payment plan
and ten-year prepaid plan discussed in Note 8 Unicoin Rights Financing Obligation of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, 
included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are reporting the following transactions up to the date of this report: 

- 
 Five-Year Deferred Payment Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the subsequent period ended March 31, 2023, investors signed agreements to purchase 1,630 million and 353 million Unicoin Rights, respectively. The Company has not yet collected any of the yearly instalments from these purchase agreements. 

- 
 Ten-Year Prepaid Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the subsequent period ended March 31, 2023, investors paid 437 thousand and 1,188 thousand, respectively, for the future purchase of Unicoins pursuant to the ten-year plan. 

Item
 6. 
 RESERVED 

29 

Item
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the section titled
 Selected Consolidated Financial Data and our consolidated financial statements and related notes which are included elsewhere
in this prospectus. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties.
Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including
those set forth under Risk Factors or in other sections of this prospectus. The Company s MD A can be divided
into the following sections: 

Our
 Company 

Key
 Factors and Measures We Use to Evaluate Our Business 

Results
 of Operations 

Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Our
Company 

Unicoin
Inc. (hereinafter the Company , Unicoin Inc. , we , us , or our was
incorporated in the state of Delaware on June 22, 2015. In 2008, our SaaS platform was developed by KMGi, the precursor to Unicoin
Inc., as an internal tool for monitoring and managing computer-based work for the purpose of improving efficiency of both remote and
on-site employees and eliminating overbilling by contractors. The SaaS platform has been in use since 2009, initially under the name
TransparentBilling, serving KMGi s internal operations. With clients of all sizes in multiple countries around the world, and over
30,000 individual users of our platforms, Unicoin Inc. brings together an end-to-end solution to manage distributed teams in a transparent
and efficient way. 

Unicoin
Inc. is an operating and holding company. As an operating company, Unicoin Inc. manages its SaaS (Software-as-a-Service) software business
which provides for simple and seamless monitoring and management of remote or work-from-home employees. Unicoin Inc. has also launched
a security token project in early 2022, as a complementary business to its Unicorns, Inc. (hereinafter Unicorns or Unicorn
Hunters subsidiary. As a holding company, Unicoin Inc. wholly owns two TaaS (Talent-as-a-Service) operating companies and platforms
 SheWorks! And Yandiki. As a holding company, Unicoin Inc. is also the majority owner of a traditional staffing agency, ITSQuest,
with a regional presence in the U.S. Southwest. Finally, as a holding company, Unicoin Inc. also became the majority owner in 2021 of
Unicorns Inc., a media production company producing Unicorn Hunters, a business and investing reality show. 

30 

Unicoin Inc. is also developing a security token
related to the Unicorn Hunters show, which is called Unicoin. Unicoin s value is intended to be supported by the equity positions
given to Unicorns by Unicorn Hunters show participants, as well as equity positions acquired from non-show participants for other services.
Such equity positions may be held in a to-be-created investment fund (the Fund ), to facilitate proper management of the
equity portfolio. The intention of the Company is that when equity positions held by either Unicorns Inc. or the Fund are liquidated through
a liquidity event, some or all of the resulting proceeds are to be distributed to holders of Unicoins. The Company is currently engaged
in a private placement of rights to acquire Unicoins, upon completion of their technological and legal development, and the funds being
raised in such rights offering are to be used to fund the development and launch of Unicoins, create worldwide brand awareness of Unicoins,
as well as paying for general corporate matters and operating expenses. The Unicoins project is currently being undertaken by Unicoin
Inc., but may in the future be transferred to a to-be-formed subsidiary of Unicoin Inc. On October 6, 2022, the Company filed an
amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware changing its name from TransparentBusiness,
Inc. to Unicoin Inc. The name change was effective as of October 6, 2022. 

Key
Factors and Measures We Use to Evaluate Our Business 

Sources
of Revenue 

The
Company primarily derives its revenues from three revenue streams: 

1. 
 Subscription
 Revenue (Software-as-a-Service or SaaS which is comprised of subscription license fees from customers
 accessing the Company s all-in-one cloud-based solution to manage remote workers software
 platform ). 

2. 
 Staffing
 Revenue (Talent-as-a-Service or TaaS whereby enterprise customers are connected to individuals who are
 able to assist them in projects. 

3. 
 Unicorns Revenue which generally represents the fair value of private company stock options or warrants, committed to be granted to the Company, as consideration for the right to present and promote those private companies on the Unicorn Hunters show. 

SaaS
Revenue. For SaaS contracts, the typical subscription term is one year or less and the Company generally invoices its customers at
the start of the subscription period when access to the software platform is provided. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in
accounts receivable and deferred revenue and revenue is recognized over the subscription period. 

TaaS Revenue. For TaaS contracts, the Company s
staffing contracts are typically for a duration of less than a year and are either on a fixed hourly rate basis or on a fixed cost basis
billed upon satisfaction of respective milestones. The Company typically invoices its customers at the end of each month in cases where
the contracts involve billing based on fixed hourly rates and/or once a milestone is reached. An over-time method is used to measure progress
because the Company s obligation is to provide continuous service over the contractual period when fixed hourly rate billing is
involved. For time-and-materials contracts, revenue from contracts with customers is recognized in the amount to which the Company has
a right to invoice, when the services are rendered by the Company s remote workers in such cases. For milestone-based contracts,
revenue is recognized over time using an output method based upon milestones achieved. Revenue is recognized once a milestone is reached
for an amount of the transaction price that is proportionate to the total milestones in the contract. Milestones reached represent work
performed and thereby best depicts the transfer of control to the customer. 

Unicorns Revenue . For Unicorns contracts, customers are billed
when an episode is distributed for broadcast or streaming. The promise to the customer is fulfilled and revenue is recognized for the
entire transaction price when an episode is distributed on the Unicorn Hunters website. 

31 

Gross
Profit 

We
define gross profit as the difference between total revenue and cost of revenue. 

For the SaaS and TaaS segments, cost of revenue
includes salaries, and personnel compensation costs, associated with the Company s website hosting and other costs including providing
technical support, materials, and supplies. For Unicorns, cost of revenue includes salaries and personnel compensation costs as noted
for SaaS and TaaS but also includes third party costs for production team, celebrity hosts and travel. The Company evaluates if Unicorn
Hunters show production costs are expected to be recovered. Costs are capitalized if expected to be recovered and otherwise are expensed
as incurred. Any capitalized costs are expensed when the related show is distributed on the Unicorn Hunters website. 

Operating
Expenses 

Research and development costs are related to
maintaining and improving the Company s software platform and primarily consist of personnel-related costs, including salaries and
bonuses, benefits and stock-based compensation expense. Research and development costs related to internal use software are not material
and are expensed as they are incurred. 

Sales and marketing costs principally consist
of third-party marketing, advertising, and branding in addition to compensation and benefits of the Company s own marketing personnel.
Sales, marketing and advertising costs are expensed as incurred. 

General and administrative costs primarily consist of compensation,
employee benefits, and stock-based compensation related to executive management, finance, administration and human resources, facility
costs, professional service fees, and other general overhead costs. 

Global
Pandemic Conditions 

The
coronavirus pandemic has given rise to increased remote work for millions of companies around the world. Millions of entrepreneurs, managers,
and leaders are making a major shift to home office models without protocols, workflows, and tools to support the management of a remote
workforce. Our platform is designed to increase remote workers productivity, protect client budgets from overbilling, allow coordination
and monitoring of their remote workforce and provide real-time information on the cost and status of all tasks and projects. As a result,
we expect a positive impact on our businesses, from both a SaaS and TaaS point of view, stemming from increased remote working opportunities
and the need to manage such remote working environment and conditions. 

Economic
and Labor Trends 

Demand for our talent pool, consultants and growth
of placement services are dependent upon general economic and labor trends. We believe that the Company is well positioned in the current
macroeconomic environment, particularly as economies continue to reopen and demand for services increase. We expect greater geographical
work flexibility and the legacy of the coronavirus pandemic to continue and help drive business growth as travel restrictions may be slow
to be lifted. A Gartner survey revealed that 74 of CFO s intend to shift some employees to remote work permanently, post COVID-19. 

32 

Demand
for Diversity and Demographic Changes 

Diversity
and talent form the bedrock of our company. We help customers drive diversity by connecting them to a talent pool of professional women
through our SheWorks! business. We believe that female engagement in the workplace will increase and become a major feature of the corporate
environment going forward as female workforce participation and higher education opportunities increase. 

Dynamic
and evolving technology 

The
ability to respond in time to technology trends and new developments is a key determinant of our business and operational performance.
We have a clearly focused technology roadmap that introduces new functionality and features within our platform, thereby ensuring a dynamic
and evolving product experience. We believe this will widen our platform s appeal to new customers, while creating potential for
expanded use by existing customers, resulting in greater revenue growth opportunities. 

Business
Acquisitions 

ITSQuest,
Inc. 

We
acquired ITSQuest as an information technology staffing company, providing staffing services and solutions. 

Total consideration paid on the closing date was
 3,800 thousand. Equity sources of funding included 10,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock to the Sellers at a value of
 1,900 thousand and an estimated contingent divestiture feature at a value of 1,900 thousand. As of the closing date, ITSQuest was responsible
for an outstanding tax liability in the amount of 4,390 thousand. As result of the tax liability, under the Share Exchange Agreement SEA ), the Company withheld in reserve 3,500,000 of the 10,000,000 shares of common stock until the tax liability has been
settled. These shares have been held in reserve and subject to an agreed-upon Escrow Agreement. 

The contingent divestiture clause provided that,
in the event that Unicoin Inc. did not conduct a registered public offering of its Common Stock in which the Unicoin Inc. shares issued
to ITSQuest pursuant to the agreement are registered with the SEC and listed for trading on a national securities exchange in the United
States, with an initial listing price of at least 10 per share (the trigger event ), on or before December 31, 2022,
Unicoin Inc. shall transfer to ITSQuest all of Unicoin Inc. s rights, title and interest in ITSQuest, including ITSQuest equity
as well as any Unicoin Inc. shares that remain subject to a holdback provision regarding tax liabilities, thus completely divesting itself
of all ownership in ITSQuest. 

On December 28, 2022, the Company and the sellers
of ITSQuest amended the SEA (the Amended SEA to delay the date of the trigger event to December 31, 2024 (i.e., by an additional
24 months). In addition, the Amended SEA incorporated a second alternative trigger event, also required to be achieved on or before December
31, 2024, whereby ITSQuest would not be required to divest its interest in ITSQuest back to the sellers if Unicoin Inc. s proposed
security tokens Unicoins are tokenized and listed on an available Alternative Trading System or cryptocurrency exchange
(whichever is applicable), with a quoted price at or above 1.00 per token. 

33 

As consideration for the Amended SEA, 1,500,000
of the Company s shares previously held in escrow, pending resolution of the ITSQuest tax liability that existed at the time of
the acquisition, were released to the sellers of ITSQuest and 20,000,000 Unicoin Rights (i.e., 10,000,000 to each of the two prior ITSQuest
owners) were issued upon its execution. 

As of the closing date, ITSQuest was responsible
for an outstanding tax liability in the amount of 4,390 thousand. As result of the tax liability, under the Share Exchange Agreement SEA ), the Company withheld in reserve 3,500,000 of the 10,000,000 shares of common stock until the liability has been settled.
After release of a forementioned shares held in escrow upon signing the Amended SEA, 2,000,000 shares of common stock remain in reserve
and subject to a holdback provision regarding tax liabilities. 

The Company originally recorded estimated contingent
consideration in the form of the contingent divestiture provision in the amount of 1,900 thousand. The estimate was calculated by applying
a probability model using expected values. The most significant assumption utilized in this model is the probability related to achieving
the 10 per share trading price, which had a probability of 0 . In addition, the other significant estimate relates to the estimated fair
value of the common stock issued in exchange for the 51 interest in ITSQuest. 

As of the date of filing of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, as a result of the extended deadline provided in the Amended SEA, the Company cannot yet assess the likelihood or probability
of achieving either of the two trigger events necessary to avoid divestiture of ITSQuest. However, if the Company is not able to achieve
an initial offering of its Common Stock or an initial registration of its Unicoins, sufficient to meet the criteria outlined in the Amended
SEA on or before December 31, 2024, the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity will be materially
impacted as ITSQuest represented Company assets of 10,225 thousand and 9,338 thousand, revenues of 15,667 thousand and 13,050 thousand,
and generated gross margins of 3,218 thousand and 2,527 thousand as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

As
of the acquisition date the fair value of the noncontrolling interest in the net assets acquired was approximately 3,730 thousand. We
utilized the Guideline Public Company Method that uses business enterprise value multiples from data on comparable public companies.
The selected multiple used to calculate the fair value of ITSQuest noncontrolling interest was based on several considerations such as
the growth prospects of the Company. A 10 control premium was accounted for to reflect the impact on an asking price for a controlling
interest in the Company based on management s judgement. 

Unicorns,
Inc. 

In
April 2021, Alex Konanykhin, founder of Unicorns, a Nevada corporation, issued 50,000,001 shares of Unicorns common
stock to Unicoin Inc. out of the 75,000,000 shares it had issued to date. Unicoin Inc. became the majority owner of Unicorns,
obtaining a 66.67 interest. In addition to the Company s 66.67 interest in Unicorns, 20,000,000 shares of Unicorns or 26.67 
are held by officers and directors of the Company. This consists of 5,000,000 shares or 6.67 held by Alex Konanykhin, CEO of
Unicoin Inc., 5,000,000 shares or 6.67 held by Silvina Moschini, President of Unicoin Inc., 2,500,000 shares or 3.33 held by
Andrew Winn, CFO of Unicoin Inc. and 7,500,000 shares or 10.00 held by Moe Vela. The remaining 5,000,000 shares, or 6.66 , are held
by Craig Plestis Chris Wagner, Executive Producers of the Unicorn Hunters show. As such, Unicorns and the Company are under
common control. 

Major operations in Unicorns were initiated after
the year ended December 31, 2020. Unicorns produces a reality television/streaming show called Unicorn Hunters that showcases private
companies seeking to obtain publicity for their private offerings by appearing on the show and attempting to raise capital by advertising
their exempt offerings to a wide audience. The revenue consideration from Unicorns customers is fixed at contract inception and has historically
been received in one of two forms: 1) either a pre-determined number stock options, warrants or shares or 2) options or warrants or shares
representing a specific percentage of the customer s common stock outstanding as of a particular point in time. Non-cash consideration
is recognized at the estimated fair value at or near the date of contract inception. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
we have collected securities as payment for Unicorns services from three of the six participants who have been charged a fee, and we expect
to collect the securities from the three remaining presenting companies during 2023. 

34 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table summarizes key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated, both in dollars and as a percentage
of our sales. 

We
derived the consolidated statements of operations for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 from our consolidated financial statements, respectively.
Furthermore, our consolidated statements of operations include the post-acquisition period activity for Unicorns. Our historical
results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 of 
Total Revenue 
 2021 
 of 
Total Revenue 
 
 Revenues: 

Staffing revenues 
 18,840,500 
 81 
 14,966,738 
 77 
 
 Subscription revenues 
 20,463 
 - 
 116,393 
 1 
 
 Unicorns revenues 
 4,353,000 
 19 
 4,281,000 
 22 
 
 Total Revenues 
 23,213,963 
 100 
 19,364,131 
 100 
 
 Cost of Revenues: 

Staffing cost of revenues 
 14,483,080 
 62 
 11,276,898 
 58 
 
 Subscription cost of revenues 
 206 
 - 
 55,351 
 - 
 
 Unicorns cost of revenues 
 5,956,932 
 26 
 12,796,833 
 66 
 
 Total Cost of Revenues 
 20,440,218 
 88 
 24,129,082 
 125 
 
 GROSS PROFIT (LOSS) 
 2,773,745 
 12 
 (4,764,951 
 (25 
 
 OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES 

General and administrative 
 16,467,231 
 71 
 25,400,310 
 131 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 17,832,102 
 77 
 12,710,062 
 66 
 
 Research and development 
 458,327 
 2 
 470,114 
 2 
 
 Cost of contract amendment 
 1,780,000 
 8 
 - 
 - 
 
 TOTAL OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES 
 36,537,660 
 157 
 38,580,486 
 199 
 
 LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 
 (33,763,915 
 (145 
 (43,345,437 
 (224 
 
 Interest income (expense), net 
 (196,142 
 (1 
 (97,467 
 (1 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 (3,493 
 - 
 63,433 
 - 
 
 LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
 (33,963,550 
 (146 
 (43,379,471 
 (224 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (163,769 
 (1 
 (293,761 
 (2 
 
 NET LOSS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (34,127,319 
 (147 
 (43,673,232 
 (226 
 
 Less: net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest 
 (1,503,463 
 (6 
 (4,708,350 
 (24 
 
 NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO UNICOIN INC. 
 (32,623,856 
 (141 
 (38,964,882 
 (201 

35 

Revenues 

The
following table presents our revenue for the periods indicated. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change ) 
 Change ) 
 
 TAAS revenues 
 18,840,500 
 14,966,738 
 3,873,762 
 26 
 
 SAAS revenues 
 20,463 
 116,393 
 (95,930 
 (82 
 
 Unicorns revenues 
 4,353,000 
 4,281,000 
 72,000 
 2 
 
 Total Revenues 
 23,213,963 
 19,364,131 
 3,849,832 
 20 

Total revenues increased by 3,850 thousand, or
20 , to 23,214 thousand in 2022. 

TaaS. TAAS revenues increased by 3,874
thousand, or 26 , to 18,841 thousand in 2022 and comprised 81 of our total revenues. The increase was primarily due to increases in
ITSQuest and SheWorks related revenues of 2,617 thousand, or 20 to 15,667 thousand and 1,217 thousand, or 115 to 2,278 thousand
respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in ITSQuest was mainly because the State of New Mexico was still in a
COVID-19 related lockdown during the first half of the year ended December 31, 2021, which negatively impacted our ability to generate
revenues in relation to our contracts with customers located in the State of New Mexico. COVID-19 related lockdowns had dissipated or
were not in effect during the year ended December 31, 2022, which resulted in a higher demand for ITSQuest staffing services in those
locations as compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in SheWorks was a result of increased female engagement in the
workplace, which we believe will increase and become a continuing trend in the corporate environment going forward as female workforce
participation and higher education opportunities increase. 

SaaS. Subscription revenues decreased by
 96 thousand, or 82 to 20 thousand in 2022. The decrease was mainly due to lower renewal rates. 

Unicorns. Unicorns revenues increased by
 72 thousand, or 2 , to 4,353 thousand in 2022 and comprised 19 of our total revenues. Unicorns recognizes revenues when an episode
of Unicorn Hunters is distributed for broadcast or streaming. Unicorns revenues of 4,353 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022,
corresponded to the three revenue generating episodes that were distributed in January 2022, February 2022 and August 2022 (an episode
released in July 2022 promoting the Company s Unicoins was not expected to generate revenue). Unicorns revenues of 4,281 thousand
for the year ended December 31, 2021, corresponded to three revenue generating episodes that were distributed in November 2021, November
2021 and December 2021. The Company distributed seven other episodes during the year ended December 31, 2021, as part of an initial brand
building campaign and no revenue was generated by these seven episodes. 

Cost of Revenues 

The following table presents our cost of revenues
for the periods indicated. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change ) 
 Change ) 
 
 TAAS cost of revenues 
 14,483,080 
 11,276,898 
 3,206,182 
 28 
 
 SAAS cost of revenues 
 206 
 55,351 
 (55,145 
 (100 
 
 Unicorns cost of revenues 
 5,956,932 
 12,796,833 
 (6,839,901 
 (53 
 
 Total Cost of Revenues 
 20,440,218 
 24,129,082 
 (3,688,864 
 (15 

Total cost of revenues decreased by 3,689 thousand,
or 15 , to 20,440 thousand in 2022. 

TaaS. TAAS cost of revenues increased by
 3,206 thousand, or 28 , to 14,483 thousand. The increase was mainly due to a proportional increase in TAAS revenues. 

36 

Unicorns. Unicorns cost of revenues for
the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5,957 thousand, compared to 12,797 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. Unicorn Hunters
produced six episodes during the year ended December 31, 2022, two of these episodes were released by December 31, 2022. Unicorn Hunters
produced 12 episodes during the year ended December 31, 2021, of which ten episodes were distributed during the same period. The other
two episodes were distributed after December 31, 2021. Per the accounting policy, Unicorns capitalizes production costs, to the extent
the Company expects to recover such costs. Any such capitalized costs are expensed when the related show is distributed on the Unicorn
Hunters website. The Company did not capitalize any costs of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in relation to any
undistributed episodes, based on the uncertainty as to whether the costs of such episodes was recoverable during the Company s start-up
phase. 

General and administrative 

General
and administrative expenses decreased by 8,933 thousand, or 35 , to 16,467 thousand in 2022. The decrease was primarily due to decreases
in stock-based compensation of 9,347 thousand, decreases in accounting service and fees of 2,231 thousand. These decreases were partially
offset by an increase in conference and convention costs of 917 thousand, an increase in write-offs of digital assets of 850 thousand
and an increase in travel and entertainment of 486 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022. The write-off of digital assets is
further discussed in Note 8 Unicoin Rights Financing Obligation of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, 
included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Sales and marketing 

Sales and marketing expenses increased by
 5,122 thousand, or 40 , to 17,832 thousand in 2022. The increase was primarily due to advertising and marketing services of 4,185
paid by issuing Unicoin Rights during the year ended December 31, 2022 (these marketing and advertising activities intended to
increase the viewership of the Unicorn Hunters show), there were no such expenses paid by issuing Unicoin Rights during the year
ended December 31, 2021. The remaining increase was primarily due to increases in the use of third-party marketing, advertising, and
branding in addition to compensation and benefits of the Company s own marketing personnel. 

Research and development 

Research and development expenses decreased by
 12 thousand, or 3 , to 458 thousand. Research and development mainly consist of personnel related costs such as salaries and benefits
and stock-based compensation for research, design and development activities. Internally developed software costs for internal use are
not material and are expensed as they are incurred. 

Cost of contract amendment 

Cost of contract amendment was 1,780
thousand, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0, for the year ended December 31, 2021. This cost reflects the fair
value of the consideration given to the former owners of ITSQuest in exchange for amending the contingent divestiture provision, as
discussed in Note 8 Unicoin Rights Financing Obligation of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, 
included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Interest income (expense), net 

Interest income (expense), net increased by 99)
thousand to 196) thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to interest expense of 196 thousand
and 116 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in relation to the unsecured notes. These unsecured
notes were not outstanding through the entire year ended December 31, 2021. Interest income of 17 thousand during the year ended December
31, 2021, was earned in connection to a related party promissory note. 

37 

Provision
for Income Taxes 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change ) 
 Change ) 
 
 Income tax expense 
 163,769 
 293,761 
 (129,992 
 (44 
 
 Effective tax rate 
 0.48 
 0.68 

Income tax expense was 164 thousand for the year
ended December 31, 2022, compared to 294 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company s effective tax rate
was 0.48 and 0.68 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During such years, the Company recorded a full
valuation allowance against its otherwise recognizable deferred income tax assets, except for deferred taxes related to ITSQuest, a majority
owned company. The Company s deferred tax assets principally result from net operating loss carryforwards. 

Net losses attributable to the noncontrolling
interest 

Net losses attributable to the
noncontrolling interest decreased by 3,205 thousand, or (68 ), to 1,503) thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our
noncontrolling interest partners in ITSQuest were allocated income of 239 thousand and loss of (100) thousand for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our noncontrolling interest partners in Unicorns were allocated losses of 1,742)
thousand and 4,608) thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021,
noncontrolling interest in ITSQuest and Unicorns represented an ownership interest of 49 and 33.3 , respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our primary future uses of cash will be to fund
working capital requirements and expenditures of Unicorns. 

We had cash and cash equivalents of 1,522 thousand available as of
December 31, 2022. Based on currently available capital resources (cash and cash equivalents on hand as of December 31, 2022), we estimate
that we would be able to conduct our planned operations for one additional month without raising additional equity or debt financing.
We estimate that at our current cash burn rate , the Company will not be able to operate for more than one or two months
unless we receive further equity or debt financing of approximately 22,017 thousand. For the period from January 1, 2023 through the
date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have received cash funding of 2,077 thousand 2,068 thousand and 9 thousand from issuances
of Unicoin Rights and common stock, respectively), which is used to support our planned operations. However, given the impact of
the economic downturn on the U.S. and global financial markets, the Company may be unable to access further equity or debt financing when
needed. As such, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional liquidity when needed or under acceptable
terms, if at all. Our auditors have included an explanatory paragraph in their audit opinion that our current liquidity position raises
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company issued 467,451 shares of common stock raising cash proceeds of 1,499 thousand. (primarily from sales at 4 per share from Round
5). Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company has issued 5,500 shares of common stock raising cash proceeds of 9 thousand. 

By issuing Unicoin Rights, from February 7,
2022 through December 31, 2022, the Company obtained cash and digital assets from sales to accredited investors of 23,455 thousand and
paid in lieu of cash for services received with a fair value of 11,058 thousand. These capital resources were raised as follows: 

38 

Price 

Unicoin Rights 

Period 

Total Consideration 

0.010 

850,030,000 

February 2022 

8,500 thousand 

0.010 

437,650,000 

March 2022 

4,377 thousand 

0.050 

37,134,000 

March 2022 

1,857 thousand 

0.100 

3,595,000 

March 2022 

360 thousand 

0.010 

87,400,000 

April 2022 

874 thousand 

0.050 

7,480,000 

April 2022 

374 thousand 

0.100 

47,830,000 

April 2022 

4,783 thousand 

0.017 

11,500,000 

April 2022 

196 thousand 

0.010 

13,900,000 

May 2022 

139 thousand 

0.050 

6,900,000 

May 2022 

345 thousand 

0.100 

6,390,000 

May 2022 

639 thousand 

0.017 

16,500,000 

May 2022 

281 thousand 

0.010 

8,500,000 

June 2022 

85 thousand 

0.050 

2,100,000 

June 2022 

105 thousand 

0.100 

38,250,000 

June 2022 

3,825 thousand 

0.017 

33,679,109 

June 2022 

497 thousand 

0.010 

2,000,000 

July 2022 

20 thousand 

0.050 

300,000 

July 2022 

15 thousand 

0.100 

5,713,000 

July 2022 

571 thousand 

0.017 

5,150,000 

July 2022 

83 thousand 

0.010 

4,700,000 

August 2022 

47 thousand 

0.100 

12,370,000 

August 2022 

1,237 thousand 

0.017 

13,633,334 

August 2022 

243 thousand 

0.010 

2,000,000 

September 2022 

20 thousand 

0.050 

100,000 

September 2022 

5 thousand 

0.100 

10,465,000 

September 2022 

1,047 thousand 

0.200 

80,000 

September 2022 

14 thousand 

0.055 

15,065,633 

September 2022 

876 thousand 

0.010 

1,000,000 

October 2022 

10 thousand 

0.050 

100,000 

October 2022 

5 thousand 

0.100 

353,000 

October 2022 

35 thousand 

0.200 

4,215,659 

October 2022 

564 thousand 

0.055 

13,035,810 

October 2022 

565 thousand 

0.010 

1,000,000 

November 2022 

10 thousand 

0.050 

100,000 

November 2022 

5 thousand 

0.100 

1,630,000 

November 2022 

163 thousand 

0.200 

3,872,668 

November 2022 

437 thousand 

0.400 

90,250 

November 2022 

29 thousand 

0.055 

14,253,680 

November 2022 

784 thousand 

0.010 

6,000,000 

December 2022 

60 thousand 

0.050 

100,000 

December 2022 

5 thousand 

0.100 

600,000 

December 2022 

60 thousand 

0.200 

186,667 

December 2022 

30 thousand 

0.400 

202,083 

December 2022 

50 thousand 

0.089 

3,201,600 

December 2022 

286 thousand 

Total 

1,730,356,493 

34,513 thousand 

The
 price per Unicoin Right was determined by a tiered pricing schedule based on volume. Each transaction on each of these issuances
 had at least a certain number of Unicoin Rights issued at the specified price. 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company
issued Unicoin Rights as follows: 

- Issued rights to acquire 10.0
million Unicoins in exchange for consideration of approximately 561 thousand in the form of cash 362 thousand), digital assets 16
thousand) and the value of services 183 thousand). 

- An additional 2.5 million Unicoin
rights were issued to Company employees and non-employees as discretionary compensation. 

- Accredited investors have signed
contracts for the purchase of 353 million Unicoin Rights under the five year deferred payment plan that may lead to proceeds of up to
 70,550 thousand if the Unicoin is successfully developed and launched and the Company s five year deferred payment plan sales
are fully executed. Cash collateral of 523 thousand was submitted in connection with these Unicoin Rights. 

- Accredited investors contributed
 1,183 thousand and 6 thousand in cash and digital assets toward the future acquisition of Unicoins under the ten-year prepaid plan. 

39 

During 2020, ITSQuest entered an account receivable
financing arrangement with a financial institution Factor ). Pursuant to the terms of the arrangement, the Company sells
amounts of its accounts receivable balances to the Factor as absolute owner with full recourse against ITSQuest. In accordance with ASC
860, Transfers and Servicing ASC 860 ), we concluded that the transaction with the Factor represents a transfer of
financial assets in which the Company retains effective control over the transferred receivables. As such it was determined that the transfer
of financial asset should be recorded as a secured borrowing. Furthermore, the Company shall continue to report the transferred financial
asset in its consolidated balance sheets with no change in the assets measurement. Accordingly, the Company records the receivable
on its Consolidated Balance Sheets and records a liability for the amount received from the Factor towards factored receivables in a manner
similar to secured borrowing with pledge of collateral. The Factor remits 95 of the account receivable balance to the Company and retains
5 factoring fee for the invoices factored. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a liability of 653 thousand and 804
thousand, respectively, towards the Factor. The cost of factoring is included as a component of general and administrative expenses in
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company incurred 74 thousand and 60 thousand in factoring fee expense, respectively. 

As part of the agreement in which the Company
received 50,000,001 shares of Unicorns stock, the Company extended an initial line of credit to Unicorns in the amount of 10,000 thousand
to fund production of the Unicorn Hunters show and related expenses. Further additional ongoing funding has been provided by Unicoin Inc.
to Unicorns, since the initial line of credit, to fund the production-related expenses of Unicorn Hunters show. This intercompany loan,
which is eliminated in consolidation, amounted to 26,395 thousand and 16,775 thousand as of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021, respectively. Beyond the initial 10,000 thousand line of credit, the Company does not have any contractual commitments to fund
the operations of Unicorns. However, it is the Company s intention to continue funding the operations of Unicorns, until Unicorns
begins generating sufficient cash flows to sustain its own business operations without using additional funding from the Company. 

Summary
of Cash Flows 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 compared with Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table sets forth our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows provided by (used in) continuing operations: 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (24,023 
 (35,140 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 187 
 195 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 23,486 
 26,856 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (350 
 (8,089 

Cash
Used in Operating Activities 

Cash flows used in operating activities decreased
by 11,117) thousand to 24,023) thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 35,140) thousand for the year ended December
31, 2021. The improvement in cash used in operating activities was primarily due to the payment of certain operating expenses using Unicoin
Rights in 2022. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was due to our net loss of 34,127) thousand,
offset by non-cash items of 11,314 thousand and a decrease in operating assets and liabilities of (1,209) thousand. Net cash used in
operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, was due to our net loss of 43,673) thousand, offset by non-cash items of
 5,578 thousand and an increase in operating assets and liabilities of 2,955 thousand. 

The operating activities section of the statement
of cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes a 13,199 thousand non-cash adjustment to net loss for operating expenses incurred
and paid for with the issuance of Unicoin Rights. These Unicoin Rights were issued in exchange for professional services such as from
advertisers, marketers, influencers and other general vendors (amounting to 11,419 thousand), as well as the cost of contract amendment
in relation to ITSQuest (amounting to 1,780 thousand). The contracts with marketers, advertisers and other general vendors were payable
either in cash or Unicoin Rights. The contracts with influencers were only payable with Unicoin Rights. If the practice of issuing Unicoin
Rights in exchange of professional services is discontinued, the Company would have to perform additional fundraising activities to continue
the same level of marketing, advertising and influencer activities required to successfully develop and launch Unicoins. 

40 

Cash Provided by Investing Activities 

Net cash flows provided by investing activities
decreased by 8 thousand to 187 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash flows provided by investing activities
of 195 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company obtained proceeds from the sale
of digital assets of 236 thousand, partially offset by net purchases of property and equipment of 49) thousand. For the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company received a repayment of a related party promissory note of 200 thousand and purchased property and equipment
of 5) thousand. 

Cash Provided by Financing
Activities 

Net cash flows provided by financing activities
decreased by 3,370) thousand to 23,486 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 26,856 thousand for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The net cash provided by financing activities was mainly due to proceeds from the issuance of Unicoin Rights of 22,547
thousand, partially offset by a decrease in proceeds from sales of common stock of 24,299) thousand, a decrease in proceeds from issuance
of unsecured notes of 1,106) thousand, an increase in payments of short-term debt of 588) thousand and an increase in repurchase
of common stock of 575). 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

We
maintain cash with several high credit quality financial institutions. Temporary cash investments with original maturities of 90 days
or less are considered cash equivalents. Temporary cash investments are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. These investments
are not subject to significant market risk. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents in bank accounts which, at times, exceed the federally
insured limits. We have not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

COVID-19 

In
January 2020, the World Health Organization WHO announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus COVID-19 and the risks to the international community. In March 2020, WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic
based on the rapid increase in exposure globally. The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has affected the United States and global economies
and may affect the Company s operations and those of third parties on which the Company relies. While the potential economic impact
brought by, and the duration of, the COVID-19 pandemic is difficult to assess or predict, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the
global financial markets may reduce the Company s ability to access capital, which could negatively impact the Company s
short-term and long-term liquidity. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain and subject to change. As of the date of
this report, the Company s efforts to respond to the challenges presented by the conditions described above have allowed the Company
to minimize the impacts of these challenges to its business. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ).
The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis.
Actual results may differ from these estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and our actual
results, our future financial statements will be affected. 

41 

Going
Concern 

These
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) assuming
the Company will continue as a going concern. The going concern assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of
liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The Company incurred net losses of 34,127 thousand
and 43,673 thousand and used cash in operating activities of 24,023 thousand and 35,140 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 and had an accumulated deficit of 92,570 thousand and 59,947 thousand as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, as well
as expects to incur future additional losses. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. The Company s long-term success is dependent upon its ability to successfully raise additional capital, market
its existing services, increase revenues, and, ultimately, to achieve profitable operations. 

The
Company is evaluating strategies to obtain the required additional funding for future operations. These strategies may include, but are
not limited to, obtaining equity financing, issuing debt, or entering other financing arrangements, and restructuring of operations to
grow revenues and decrease expenses. However, in view of uncertainties in U.S. and global financial markets, the Company may be unable
to access further equity or debt financing when needed. As such, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional
liquidity when needed or under acceptable terms, if at all. 

The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts and classification of assets, liabilities, and
reported expenses that may be necessary if the Company were unable to continue as a going concern. 

Variable
Interest Entity 

The Company s policy is to consolidate all
subsidiaries or other entities in which it has a controlling financial interest. The consolidation guidance under ASC 810 Consolidation ASC 810 requires an analysis to determine if an entity should be evaluated for consolidation under the voting interest
entity VOE model or the variable interest model VIE ). Under the VOE model, controlling financial interest
is generally defined as majority ownership of voting interests. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all subsidiaries
or other entities in which the Company has a direct or indirect controlling financial interest. 

The Company assesses all entities in which it
has a significant economic, ownership or other financial interest for consolidation on a case-by-case basis depending on the specific
facts and circumstances surrounding each entity. Pursuant to ASC 810, the Company first evaluates whether it holds a variable interest
in an entity. The Company considers all economic interests, including proportionate interests through related parties, to determine if
such interests are considered a variable interest. 

For any entity where the Company has determined
that it does hold a variable interest, the Company performs an assessment to determine whether it qualifies as a variable interest entity VIE ). The Company consolidates a VIE if it is the primary beneficiary having the power to direct the activities that most
significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE as well as the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive benefits
that could be significant to the VIE. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Significant estimates and assumptions made by us include: the valuation of non-cash consideration received from Unicorns customers and
the associated revenue recognition; valuation of investments in private companies; valuation of the Company s common stock as a
private company, valuation of the NCI in ITSQuest; valuation of the ITSQuest contingent divestiture; determination of the fair value of
assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the business combination with ITSQuest; determination of the useful lives assigned to intangible
assets; determination of the fair value of the ITSQuest indemnification asset and related tax liability; assessments for potential impairment
of goodwill and intangible assets including digital assets; assessments of the recoverability of accounts receivable and determination
of the fair value of certain stock awards issued. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable, the result of which forms the basis for making judgements about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 

42 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable consist of receivables from
sale or renewal of SaaS subscriptions to its software platform or TaaS staffing arrangements. The Company records a receivable for its
SaaS segment when customer access to the software platform is provided. For the TaaS segment, receivables are recorded when the Company
has a right to invoice and are typically invoiced on a monthly basis. Typical cash payment terms provide that customers pay within 30
days of invoicing. 

As more fully discussed in the Revenue Recognition
section below, accounts receivable for Unicorns generally consists of commitments from companies, that have appeared on the Unicorn Hunters
show, to issue stock options or warrants to the Company. These options or warrants typically have a term of five to ten years and are
recorded at their estimated fair values. Unicorns invoices customers when an episode is distributed for broadcast or streaming. Receipt
of the option or warrant certificates is handled on a case-by-case basis in accordance with each customer agreement. Unicorns receivables
are classified as current because the underlying option or warrant certificates are generally received within one year of invoicing. 

Subsequent to receipt of these option or warrant
certificates, the related receivables are reclassified to investments in privately-held companies, a long-term asset account. The Company
does not charge interest for past due accounts and does not require any collateral for its receivables. As more fully discussed in the
Revenue Recognition section below, Unicorns non-cash consideration is recorded at fair value as determined at, or near date of contract
inception. As permitted by a practical expedient provision in ASC 606 Revenue Recognition, the Company does not adjust Unicorns
contract consideration for the effects of a significant financing component if, at contract inception, management expects the period between
time of service and payment to be less than one year. 

During 2020, ITSQuest entered an account receivable
financing arrangement with a financial institution Factor ). Pursuant to the terms of the arrangement, the Company sells
amounts of its accounts receivable balances to the Factor as absolute owner with full recourse against ITSQuest. In accordance with ASC
860, Transfers and Servicing ASC 860 ), we concluded that the transaction with the Factor represents a transfer of
financial assets in which the Company retains effective control over the transferred receivables. As such it was determined that the transfer
of financial asset should be recorded as a secured borrowing. Furthermore, the Company shall continue to report the transferred financial
asset in its consolidated balance sheets with no change in the assets measurement. Accordingly, the Company records the receivable
on its Consolidated Balance Sheets and records a liability for the amount received from the Factor towards factored receivables in a manner
similar to secured borrowing with pledge of collateral. The Factor remits 95 of the account receivable balance to the Company and retains
5 factoring fee for the invoices factored. 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

The Company evaluates the collectability of its
accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. Where the Company is aware of circumstances that may impair a specific customer s
ability to meet its financial obligations, the Company records a specific allowance against amounts due. The Company writes off a receivable
and charges it against its recorded allowance when all collection efforts are exhausted without success. Amounts are included as a component
of general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. For Unicorns, revenue and receivables
are generally in the form of commitments from companies, that have appeared on the Unicorn Hunters show, to issue stock options or warrants
to the Company. 

As discussed in the Investments in Privately-Held
Companies section below, the fair value of options or warrants of private companies, held upon settlement of such receivables, may fluctuate
subsequent to receipt resulting in charges or gains to the Company s consolidated statements of operations in future periods. 

43 

Investments in Privately-Held Companies 

In accordance with ASC 321 Investments-Equity
Securities ASC 321 ), equity securities for which the Company has no significant influence (generally less than a
20 ownership interest), and which do not have readily determinable fair values, are accounted for using the measurement alternative which
is at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical
or a similar investments of the same issuer. Gains and losses on investments in equity securities are recognized in the consolidated statements
of operations. 

The Company regularly reviews such equity securities
for impairment based on a qualitative assessment which includes, but is not limited to (i) significant deterioration in the earnings performance,
credit rating, asset quality or business prospects of the investee, (ii) significant adverse changes in the regulatory, economic or technological
environment of the investee and (iii) significant adverse changes in the general market condition of either the geographical area or the
industry in which the investee operates, (iv) a bona fide offer to purchase, an offer by the investee to sell, or a completed auction
process for the same or similar investment for an amount less than the carrying amount of that investment, (v) factors that raise significant
concerns about the investee s ability to continue as a going concern such as negative cash flows from operations, working capital
deficiencies, or non-compliance with statutory capital requirements or debt covenants. If an equity security is impaired, an impairment
loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations equal to the difference between the fair value of the investment and its
carrying amount. If such impairment is determined prior to receiving options or warrants to be received as consideration for Unicorns
customer contracts, the related loss on impairment is reflected as bad debt expense. 

Digital Assets 

The Company has accepted digital assets including
Bitcoin (BTC), Ether (ETH), Litecoin (LTC), Dai (DAI), USD Coin (USDC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH) and Tether (USDT) as consideration from certain
investors in exchange for equity, debt or Unicoin Rights issued by the Company. The Company records the initial cost basis at then-current
quoted market prices and presents all digital assets held as a result of these transactions as indefinite-lived intangible assets in accordance
with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other. Fair value of the Company s digital assets is determined in accordance with
ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ), based on quoted prices on the active exchange(s) that we have determined
is the principal market for such assets (Level 1 inputs). The Company has ownership and control of its digital assets and utilizes Coinbase,
a third-party custodian, to secure its holdings and facilitate transactions. 

The Company performs an analysis each quarter
to identify whether events or changes in circumstances, principally decreases in the quoted prices on active exchanges, indicate that
it is more likely than not that our digital assets are impaired. In determining if an impairment has occurred, we consider the quoted
price of the digital asset. If the then-current carrying value of a digital asset exceeds the fair value so determined, an impairment
loss has occurred with respect to those digital assets in the amount equal to the difference between their carrying values and the price
determined. 

Impairment losses are recognized within loss from
operations in the consolidated statements of operations in the period in which the impairment is identified. The impaired digital assets
are written down to their fair values at the time of impairment and this new cost basis is not adjusted upward for any subsequent increase
in fair value. Gains are not recorded until realized upon sale, at which point they are recorded within loss from operations in the consolidated
statements of operations. In determining the gain to be recognized upon sale, we calculate the difference between the sales price and
carrying value of the digital assets sold immediately prior to sale. 

The Company uses digital assets as payment to
vendors for goods or services from time to time. The Company computes resulting gains or losses by subtracting the then-current carrying
value from the realized proceeds or the fair value of cryptocurrencies on the goods or services transaction date, or the fair value of
the goods or services received in exchange for cryptocurrencies, if more readily determinable. Such transactions are processed by the
Company s digital assets custodian. The transfer of control and transaction date are based on the transaction date as indicated
in reports from the custodian. Gains and losses are determined separately for each digital asset purchase in accordance with the first
in first out (FIFO) method of accounting. 

44 

Goodwill and Acquisition-Related Intangible
Assets 

Goodwill and finite-lived intangible assets resulted
from the acquisition of ITSQuest in 2020. Intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationships and trade names. Upon acquisition,
the purchase price was first allocated to identifiable assets and liabilities, including customer-related intangible assets and tradenames,
with any remaining purchase price recorded as Goodwill. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful lives, generally 15 years for customer relationships and 5 years for trade names. Straight line amortization is not materially
different from an amortization method based upon projected future cash flows from the customers acquired. 

The Company tests goodwill impairment under ASC
350 at least annually or more frequently if triggering events occur or other impairment indicators arise which might impair recoverability.
These events or circumstances would include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators,
competition, sale, disposition of a significant portion of the business, or other relevant factors. Impairment of goodwill is evaluated
at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is defined as an operating segment (i.e., before aggregation or combination), or one level
below an operating segment (i.e., a component). 

The Company tests finite-lived intangible assets
and other long-lived assets under ASC 360 whenever impairment indicators arise which might impair recoverability. These events or circumstances
would include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale, disposition
of a significant portion of the business, or other relevant factors. Impairment of long-lived assets is evaluated at the asset-group level.
An asset group is defined as the lowest level of identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups
of assets or liabilities. 

Business Combinations 

The Company accounts for acquisitions of entities
or asset groups that qualify as businesses in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 whereby the results
of operations, including the revenues and earnings of the acquiree, are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date
of acquisition. Additionally, assets acquired, and liabilities assumed are recognized at fair values based on widely accepted valuation
techniques in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ), as of the closing date. The process for estimating
fair values requires the use of significant estimates, assumptions and judgments, including determining the timing and estimates of future
cash flows and developing appropriate discount rates. ASC 805 establishes a measurement period to provide companies with a reasonable
amount of time to obtain the information necessary to identify and measure various items in a business combination and cannot extend beyond
one year from the acquisition date. Measurement period adjustments are recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustments are
determined and calculated as if the accounting had been completed as of acquisition date. 

Operating
Segments 

Our reportable segments consist of SaaS, TaaS
and Unicorn Hunters. We determine our operating segments based on how the chief operating decision makers CODM manage
the business, allocate resources, make operating decisions and evaluate operating performance. The Company s CODM s are the
Chief Executive Officer and the President of the Company. Our CODM s review financial information presented on a consolidated basis
accompanied by information about revenue and cost of revenue by services type along with gross profit for purposes of allocating resources
and evaluating financial performance, as such we have disclosed segment information up to gross profit for each operating segment. Furthermore,
our revenues are derived from the United States and foreign countries which includes the South American and Europeans regions Foreign
countries ). 

45 

Unicoin
Rights Financing Obligation 

The Company is developing a security token called
Unicoin Unicoins or Tokens whose value is intended to be supported by equity positions purchased from Unicorn
Hunters show participants, as well as equity positions acquired by non-show participants for other services. Such equity positions may
be held in a to-be-created investment fund (the Fund ), to facilitate proper management of the equity portfolio. The intention
of the Company is that when equity positions held by the Fund are liquidated through a liquidity event, some or all of the resulting proceeds
are to be distributed to holders of the Unicoins. 

The Company is offering Unicoin Right Certificates
with terms and conditions which are set forth in a confidential private placement memorandum initially dated February 2022 the
Offering ). The Offering is being conducted pursuant to an exemption from U.S. securities registration requirements provided by Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Rule 506(c) thereunder. Each U.S. domiciled investor
in Unicoin Rights must be an accredited investor, as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act. 

The
Company accounts for Unicoin Rights by recording a liability representing the amount management believes the Company would be obligated
to pay or refund (i.e., the amount holders have a right to claim and would likely be awarded in settlement) for fair value exchanged
(i.e., in the form of cash or services) exchanged for rights to receive Unicoins in the future in the event the Unicoin is never developed
and launched. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of filing, the Company has not developed or issued any Unicoins and there
is no assurance as to whether, or at what volumes, or on what terms, Unicoins will be available to be issued, if ever. As of December 31,
2022, as the Unicoins do not exist, and any amounts received for Unicoins are not considered equity or revenue, management determined
that 100 of the obligation is a liability to be settled by through the issuance of Unicoins, or through other means if Unicoins are
never issued. The obligation to settle this liability through the exchange of a fixed number of Unicoins, when and if all contingencies
are resolved and Unicoins are launched, represents an embedded feature that may result in additional charges to the Company s consolidated
statement of operations upon settlement. 

Leases 

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update ASU 2016-02, Leases, Topic 842 ASC 842 ), which supersedes the previous accounting guidance for leases
included in ASC 840, Leases ASC 840 ). The new guidance generally requires an entity to recognize on its balance sheet operating
and finance lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use ROU assets, as well as to recognize the associated operating
lease expenses on its statements of operations. 

The Company adopted and began applying ASC 842
effective January 1, 2022 in accordance with ASU No. 2018-11, Targeted Improvements to ASC 842 using a modified retrospective approach.
The Company elected not to adjust comparative periods and will continue to disclose reporting periods prior to January 1, 2022 under ASC
840. 

The Company elected the package of practical expedients,
which allows the Company to not reassess whether any expired or existing contracts contain leases, the lease classification for any expired
or existing leases and treatment of initial direct costs for any existing leases. Additionally, the Company elected to exclude leases
with a term of 12 months or less on its consolidated balance sheets. 

The adoption of ASC 842 resulted in the recognition
of 188 thousand of operating lease ROU assets and 188 thousand of operating lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of
January 1, 2022. 

46 

Equity Warrants 

The Company has issued warrants to individuals
who provided referrals to accredited investors that resulted in sales of ordinary shares in connection with the Company s various
funding rounds. Warrants issued by the Company are evaluated as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on
an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance pursuant to ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815. The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments,
meet the definition of a liability, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including
whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require
 net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions for equity classification.
This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, was conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent
quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

Common
Stock Valuation 

The Company s common stock was valued based on the Company s
expected future growth. The Market Approach was used which consisted of the (1) Guideline Public Company Method and (2) the Recent Common
Stock Transactions. These two methods were considered to determine the value of common stock given the proximity of the common stock transactions
and the economics of the Company. The common stock transactions involved multiple parties; however, they reflect individuals and not institutional
investors, and the majority of the investors are non-accredited. Limited due diligence was performed, limited financial information was
provided, and the number of shares raised represented a small percentage of the Company s overall capitalization. The Company updates
its valuation estimates periodically and weights the guideline company method and the recent common stock transactions method as deemed
appropriate at the time of each valuation, with assistance from third party valuation advisors. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with
ASC 606 which requires revenue to be recorded in a manner which depicts the transfer of goods or services to customers at amounts that
reflect the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. Under ASC 606, revenue is recognized
when obligations under the terms of a contract with a customer are satisfied; this occurs with the transfer of control of the Company s
goods or services. 

The Company primarily derives its revenues from
three revenue streams: 

1. 
 Subscription Revenue (Software-as-a-Service or SaaS which is comprised of subscription license fees from customers accessing the Company s all-in-one cloud-based solution to manage remote workers software platform ). 

2. 
 Staffing Revenue (Talent-as-a-Service or TaaS whereby enterprise customers are connected to individuals who are able to assist them in projects. 

3. 
 Unicorns Revenue which generally represents the fair value of private company stock options or warrants, committed to be granted to the Company, as consideration for the right to present and promote those private companies on the Unicorn Hunters show. 

The Company accounts for revenue contracts with
customers through the following five steps: (i) identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer, (ii) identification of
the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determination of the transaction price, (iv) allocation of the transaction price to
the performance obligation in the contract, and (v) recognition of revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation.
The Company s subscription service arrangements and Unicorns agreements are non-cancellable and do not contain refund-type provisions.
Certain service agreements include cancelation clauses and there is a right of refund provided to the customer. The Company estimates
and maintains a reserve for expected customer refunds. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties and management judgment. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021 no such reserves were recorded. 

47 

The Company s customers include government
institutions, Fortune 500 Companies, and small businesses. At contract inception, the Company assesses the product offerings in its contracts
to identify performance obligation(s) that are distinct. A performance obligation is distinct when the customer can benefit from it on
its own or together with other resources that are readily available and when it is separately identifiable from other items in the contract.
Historically, costs to obtain a contract have not been significant. 

To identify its performance obligation(s), the
Company considers all the promises in the contract for SaaS, TaaS or Unicorns Services. The Company has concluded there to be a single
performance obligation in each of these services. For SaaS arrangements, the primary obligation is the license issuance to the customer
to access the Company s workforce platform. For TaaS arrangements, the primary performance obligation is services provided to the
customer by the professional resulting in hours accrued or milestones reached. For Unicorns arrangements, the primary performance obligation
is to provide customers with publicity and exposure through appearance on the Unicorn Hunters show which occurs when an episode is distributed
for broadcast or streaming. 

The transaction price is the total amount of consideration
the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for the service offerings in a contract. At the inception of the contract, the transaction
price is known for all the services in the contracts. For SaaS contracts the transaction price is based on the number of licenses sold.
TaaS contracts are based on the contracted service hours. Some contracts have a form of variable consideration, for example discounts
on licenses sold that exceed certain volumes, or TaaS remote talent projects with a 10 discount for long term engagements that could
impact the base transaction price of our services in contracts with the customers. The Company estimates variable consideration and adjusts
the transaction price at the time of contract signing. 

Revenue and accounts receivable for Unicorns generally
consists of the fair value of stock options, warrants or shares of common stock committed from companies that have appeared on the Unicorn
Hunters show. Contract consideration is fixed at contract inception and has historically been received in one of two forms; 1) either
a pre-determined number stock options, warrants or shares or 2) options or warrants or shares representing a specific percentage of the
customer s common stock outstanding as of a particular point in time. Other key terms specified in customer contracts include the
exercise price and the duration or term of the options or warrants. The options or warrants underlying the commitments typically have
a term of five to ten years and accounts receivable are recorded at the estimated fair value of such options or warrants as determined
at contract inception. The estimated fair value of stock options and warrants, expected to be received as consideration, is dependent
on the fair value of the underlying equity of each privately held presenting company. 

The fair value of such underlying private company
equity is determined based on (i) the valuation indicated in a recent round of financing (ii) a recent pre-existing third-party valuation
report or (iii) a new third-party valuation report as of or near the date of contract inception. Third-party valuation reports consider
factors such as recent financing rounds, third-party financing transactions, discounted cash flow analyses and market-based information,
including comparable transactions, trading multiples and other factors based on facts and circumstances specific to each privately held
presenting company. For non-cash consideration in the form of stock options or warrants of the presenting company, the Company, with assistance
from third-party valuation advisors, determines the fair value of such consideration using the Black-Scholes option pricing model which,
in addition to the fair value of underlying stock, considers the term of the stock options or warrants, exercise price, volatility, interest
rate and dividend yield. These are Level 3 estimates under the fair value hierarchy because they involve significant unobservable inputs.
The valuation of stock options or warrants committed by Unicorns customers requires management judgment due to the absence of an observable
market price for those options or warrants. 

Under ASC 606, the total transaction price is
allocated to each performance obligation in the contract. As noted above, each contract in each segment contains only one performance
obligation. Accordingly, the total transaction price for all Company contracts relates a to the single performance obligation and no allocation
is required. 

Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control
of promised services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those services.
If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, for example, a discount for the subscription to access the software
platform or for long term staffing engagements, the Company includes an estimate of the amount it expects to receive for the total transaction
price if it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. 

48 

For SaaS contracts, the typical subscription term
is one year or less and the Company generally invoices its customers at the start of the subscription period when access to the software
platform is provided. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and deferred revenue and related revenue is
recognized over the subscription period. For TaaS contracts, the Company s staffing contracts are typically for a duration of less
than a year and are either on a fixed hourly rate basis or on a fixed cost basis billed upon satisfaction of respective milestones. For
Unicorns contracts, customers are billed when an episode is distributed for broadcast or streaming. 

The Company typically invoices its customers at
the end of each month in cases where the contracts involve billing based on fixed hourly rates and/or once a milestone is reached. An
over-time method is used to measure progress because the Company s obligation is to provide continuous service over the contractual
period when fixed hourly rate billing is involved. For time-and-materials contracts, revenue from contracts with customers is recognized
in the amount to which the Company has a right to invoice, when the services are rendered by the Company s remote workers in such
cases. For milestone-based contracts, revenue is recognized over time using an output method based upon milestones achieved. Revenue is
recognized once a milestone is reached for an amount of the transaction price that is proportionate to the total milestones in the contract.
Milestones reached represent work performed and thereby best depicts the transfer of control to the customer. For Unicorns contracts,
the promise to the customer is fulfilled and revenue is recognized for the entire transaction price when an episode is distributed on
the Unicorn Hunters website. 

Revenue from TaaS arrangements is recorded on
a gross basis, as principal, rather than on a net basis, as agent. The Company concluded that it is the principal in these arrangements
because the Company contracts separately with customers and service providers, is responsible for directing service providers to meet
the agreed upon customer specifications, has discretion to establish pricing for services provided to end customers and bears the primary
risks related to billing, collection and customer satisfaction. 

Deferred Revenue 

Deferred revenue represents amounts that have
been invoiced in advance of revenue recognition. Deferred revenue is recognized as revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred
or as services are being provided. The Company generally invoices customers in monthly installments for the TaaS business and for SaaS,
business customers are invoiced at the start of the contract period therefore timing differences and deferred revenue can occur in the
SaaS and TaaS segments. As noted above, Unicorns invoicing and revenue recognition both occur at the time an episode is distributed on
the Unicorn Hunters website therefore there is no deferred revenue recorded for the Unicorn Hunters segment. 

The Company had deferred revenue of 19 thousand
and 51 thousand as of December 31, 2022 and December 2021, respectively. The amount of revenue recognized in fiscal 2022 and 2021 that
was included in deferred revenue at the beginning of the periods was 51 thousand and 2 thousand, respectively. 

Remaining Performance Obligation 

In accordance with ASC 606, the Company is required
to include disclosures on its remaining performance obligations as of the end of the current reporting period. Due to the nature of the
contracts in the Company s businesses, these reporting requirements are not applicable. Most of the Company s remaining contracts
meet certain exceptions as defined in ASC 606. For the Company s contracts that pertain to these exceptions: (i) the remaining performance
obligations primarily relates to the provision of access to the software platform for its subscribers; and (ii) the estimated duration
of these performance obligations is less than one year or ranges from the remaining of the current calendar year to the next calendar
year. 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense 

The Company measures and records stock-based compensation
expense related to stock awards and stock options awarded to certain officers, directors, employees and consultants based on the grant
date fair value of the award under ASC 718, Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). The Company estimates the fair value of each stock
option at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line
basis over the requisite service period, of the individual option, generally equal to the vesting period. 

49 

Income
Taxes 

Income taxes are accounted for under the asset
and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their
respective tax bases, and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in the period in which
the change was enacted. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets if management has determined
that it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. The calculation of tax liabilities involves significant judgment
in estimating the impact of uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. The Company is subject to examinations by federal and
state authorities for the income tax periods that remain open. In the event that a taxing jurisdiction levies an assessment in the future,
it is possible the assessment could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

The consolidated financial statement recognition
of the benefit for a tax position is dependent upon the benefit being more likely than not to be sustainable upon audit by the applicable
tax authority. If this threshold is met, the tax benefit is then measured and recognized at the largest amount that is greater than 50 
likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. In the event that the Internal Revenue Service IRS or another taxing
jurisdiction levies an assessment in the future, it is possible the assessment could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated
financial condition or results of operations. The provision for income taxes includes the effects of any resulting tax reserves, or unrecognized
tax benefits, that are considered appropriate as well as the related net interest and penalties. The Company recognizes interest
and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation
S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1934. 

Recently
Issued and Adopted Accounting Standards 

Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details. 

Item
 7a. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Market risk is the risk associated with the effect of changes in market
factors on the value of the assets and liabilities held on our consolidated balance sheets, including interest rate risk, foreign currency
exchange risk, prices of digital assets and credit risk. 

Interest
Rate Risk 

We had cash and cash equivalents of 1,522 thousand
and 1,873 thousand available as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which consists of cash on hand and temporary
cash investments with original maturities of three months or less, which are unrestricted as to withdrawal and use. Temporary cash investments
are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. These investments are not subject to significant market risk. The Company maintains
its cash and cash equivalents in bank accounts which, at times, exceed the federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced
any losses in such accounts. 

50 

Foreign
Currency Exchange Risk 

Our
reporting currency is the United States dollar. The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. The majority
of our sales are currently denominated in U.S. dollars, although we also have sales internationally. Therefore, our revenue is not currently
subject to significant foreign currency risk, but that may change in the future. Our operating expenses are denominated in the currencies
of the countries in which our operations are located, which is primarily in the United States. Our consolidated results of operations
and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be adversely affected
in the future due to changes in foreign exchange rates. To date, we have not entered into any hedging arrangements with respect to foreign
currency risk or other derivative financial instruments, although we may choose to do so in the future. We do not believe a 10 increase
or decrease in the relative value of the U.S. dollar would have a material impact on our operating results. 

Market price risk of digital assets 

The Company has accepted digital assets as consideration
from certain investors in exchange for equity, debt or Unicoin Rights issued by the Company. The Company s primary purpose
for the digital assets is to use as payment to its vendors for goods or services and for general business operational purposes. Accordingly,
the digital asset price risk could adversely affect our operating results. Our future profitability may depend upon the market price of
such digital assets. There is no assurance that market price for digital assets will reflect historical trends. A decline in market price
for digital assets could in the future could have an adverse effect on our earnings, the carrying value of our digital assets and our
future cash flows. This may also affect our liquidity and our ability to meet our ongoing obligations. 

Credit
Risk 

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable.
The Company s cash and cash equivalents are held in accounts with major financial institutions, and, at times, exceed federally
insured limits. We have not experienced any losses on our deposits of cash and cash equivalents, and accounts are monitored by management
to mitigate risk. We are exposed to credit risk in the event of default by the financial institutions holding our cash and cash equivalents
or an event of default by the issuers of the corporate debt securities we hold. 

51 

Item
 8. 
 financial
 statements and supplementary data 

UNICOIN
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FORMERLY KNOWN AS TRANSPARENTBUSINESS, INC.) 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders 

 Unicoin
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 (formerly
TransparentBusiness Inc.) 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Unicoin Inc.(formerly TransparentBusiness, Inc.) and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated statements of operations, changes
in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements . In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated-financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 92,570 thousand and 59,947 thousand, as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has incurred net losses of 34,127 thousand and 43,673 thousand for the years ending December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might become necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

(formerly
Paris, Kreit and Chiu CPA LLP) 

We
have served as Unicoin Inc. s auditor since 2022. 

March
31, 2023 

F- 2 

UNICOIN
INC. 

 (fORMERLY
kNOWN AS TRANSPARENTBUSINESS, INC.) 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Trade receivables payable in cash 

Unicorn Hunters non-cash receivables (Note 5) 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Indemnification asset (Note 15) 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Investments in privately-held companies (Note 5) 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Accounts payable 

Income tax payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

ITSQuest tax liability (Note 15) 

Short-term debt 

Loan from related party (Note 14) 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities, current 
 
 - 
 
 Other current liabilities 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Deferred income tax liability, net 

Unicoin rights financing obligation (Note 8) 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Common stock, 
 par value; authorized; 
 and issued; 
 and outstanding, net of treasury
 stock at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Treasury stock, at cost; and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL UNICOIN INC. STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Noncontrolling interest 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

See
accompanying notes which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

UNICOIN
INC. 

 (fORMERLY
kNOWN AS TRANSPARENTBUSINESS, INC.) 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUES 

COST OF REVENUES 

GROSS PROFIT (LOSS) 

OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES 

General and administrative 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

Cost of contract amendment (Note 14) 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

Interest income (expense), net 

Other income (expense), net 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Income tax expense 

NET LOSS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Less: net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO UNICOIN INC. 

Net loss per share attributable to Unicoin Inc., basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding used to compute basic and diluted loss per share 

See
accompanying notes which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

UNICOIN
INC. 

 (fORMERLY
kNOWN AS TRANSPARENTBUSINESS, INC.) 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Unicoin Inc. 
 Stockholders 
 Unicoin Inc. 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 
Stockholders 
Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 Interest 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance
 as of December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Repurchase of common stock
 (Note 14) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options and
 warrants 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Noncontrolling interest (Note
 4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Repurchase of common stock
 (Note 14) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options and
 warrants 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Non-cash dividend (Note 9) 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 

See
accompanying notes which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

UNICOIN
INC. 

 (fORMERLY
kNOWN AS TRANSPARENTBUSINESS, INC.) 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Noncash interest on convertible notes 
 - 

Operating expenses, including cost of contract amendment, paid with Unicoin Rights (Note 8) 
 
 - 
 
 Operating expenses paid with digital assets (Note 6) 
 
 - 
 
 Noncash consideration from customers of Unicorns, Inc. (Note 5) 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of digital assets (Note 6) 

Write-off of digital assets (Note 6) 
 
 - 
 
 Realized gain on disposal of digital assets 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 

Bad debt expense 
 - 

Noncash operating lease expense 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade receivables payable in cash 

Receivables from affiliates 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and payroll liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Deferred income tax 

Operating lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Other liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Repayment of related party promissory note (Note 14) 
 - 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of digital assets 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of private placement unsecured notes 

Payment of short-term debt 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from related party loan payable (Note 14) 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sales of Unicoin Rights (Note 8) 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sales of common stock 

Repurchase of common stock 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options and warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Beginning of period 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS End of period 

See
accompanying notes which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

UNICOIN
INC. 

 (fORMERLY
kNOWN AS TRANSPARENTBUSINESS, INC.) 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activity: 

Market value of digital assets received as proceeds from sales of common stock (Notes 6 and 9) 

Market value of digital assets received as proceeds from sales of private placement unsecured notes (Notes 6 and 7) 

Market value of digital assets received as proceeds from sales of Unicoin Rights (Notes 6 and 8) 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock received in payment of related party promissory note (7,894,737 shares) (Note 14) 
 - 

Non-cash dividend of Unicoin Rights (730,524,705 rights) (Notes 8 and 9) 
 
 - 
 
 Receipt (i.e., collection of private company equity securities previously classified as Unicorn Hunters non-cash receivables (Note 5) 
 
 - 
 
 Recognition of operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities upon adoption of ASC 842 (Note 2) 
 
 - 
 
 Recognition of new operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities for leases entered into during the year 
 
 - 

See
accompanying notes which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

UNICOIN
Inc. 

 (fORMERLY
kNOWN AS TRANSPARENTBUSINESS, INC.) 

 NOTES
TO Consolidated FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ownership interest in ITSQuest, Inc which is a regional staffing agency with twelve locations
throughout New Mexico and Texas. ITSQuest has significant contact with employers throughout the US Southwest and utilizes its sales force
and contacts to promote and sell the Company s SaaS and TaaS products. Customers of ITSQuest are primarily governmental agencies. 

In
April 2021, the Company acquired a ownership interest in Unicorns, Inc. Unicorns produces a reality television/streaming
show called Unicorn Hunters that showcases private companies seeking to obtain publicity for their private offerings by appearing on
the show and attempting to raise capital by advertising their exempt offerings to a wide audience. 

Business
Organization 

Operating
segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating
decision maker, or decision-making group in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company evaluates operating
results based on measures of performance, including revenues and profit (loss). The Company currently operates in the following three
reporting segments: SaaS, TaaS and Unicorn Hunters. Refer to Note 17 Segment Information. 

Going
Concern 

These
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) assuming
the Company will continue as a going concern. The going concern assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of
liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The
Company incurred net losses of thousand and thousand and used cash in operating activities of thousand and 
thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and had an accumulated deficit of thousand and thousand
as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and expects to incur significant additional losses in the future. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s long-term success is dependent
upon its ability to successfully raise additional capital, market its existing services, increase revenues, and, ultimately, to achieve
profitable operations. 

The
Company is evaluating strategies to obtain the required additional funding for future operations. These strategies may include, but are
not limited to, obtaining equity financing, issuing debt, or entering other financing arrangements, and restructuring of operations to
grow revenues and decrease expenses. However, in view of uncertainties in U.S. and global financial markets, the Company may be unable
to access further equity or debt financing when needed. As such, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional
liquidity when needed or under acceptable terms, if at all. 

The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts and classification of assets, liabilities, and
reported expenses that may be necessary if the Company were unable to continue as a going concern. 

and owned, respectively, the minority interests are reflected in the consolidated financial statements as non-controlling
interests NCI ), as more fully discussed below. 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

Total Operating Costs and Expenses 
 
 - 

The
classification of operating costs and expenses included in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the year
ended December 31, 2022 conform to the refined methodology described above. 

thousand of cash in excess of the FDIC insured amount. The bank at which the Company had deposits that exceed FDIC limits is not in
receivership or under the control of the FDIC. The Company has not experienced
any losses in such accounts. 

As
more fully discussed in the Revenue Recognition section below, accounts receivable for Unicorns generally consists of commitments from
companies, that have appeared on the Unicorn Hunters show, to issue stock options, warrants or shares to the Company. These options or
warrants typically have a term of five to ten years and are recorded at their estimated fair values. Unicorns invoices customers when
an episode is distributed for broadcast or streaming. Receipt of the option or warrant certificates is handled on a case-by-case basis
in accordance with each customer agreement. Unicorns receivables are classified as current because the underlying option or warrant certificates
are expected to be received within one year of release or distribution of each related episode. 

Subsequent
to receipt of these option, warrant or share certificates, the related receivables are reclassified to investments in privately-held
companies, a long-term asset account. The Company does not charge interest for past due accounts and does not require any collateral
for its receivables. As more fully discussed in the Revenue Recognition section below, Unicorns non-cash consideration is recorded at
fair value as determined at, or near date of contract inception. As permitted by a practical expedient provision in ASC 606 Revenue
Recognition, the Company does not adjust Unicorns contract consideration for the effects of a significant financing component
if, at contract inception, management expects the period between time of service and payment to be less than one year. 

During
2020, ITSQuest entered an account receivable financing arrangement with a financial institution Factor ). Pursuant to the
terms of the arrangement, the Company sells amounts of its accounts receivable balances to the Factor as absolute owner with full recourse
against ITSQuest. In accordance with ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing ASC 860 ), we concluded that the transaction
with the Factor represents a transfer of financial assets in which the Company retains effective control over the transferred receivables.
As such it was determined that the transfer of financial asset should be recorded as a secured borrowing. Furthermore, the Company shall
continue to report the transferred financial asset in its consolidated balance sheets with no change in the assets measurement.
Accordingly, the Company records the receivable on its Consolidated Balance Sheets and records a liability for the amount received from
the Factor towards factored receivables in a manner similar to secured borrowing with pledge of collateral. The Factor remits 95 of
the account receivable balance to the Company and retains 5 factoring fee for the invoices factored. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company recorded a liability of thousand and thousand, respectively, towards the Factor which is included in other current liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The cost of factoring is
included as a component of general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred thousand and thousand in factoring fee expense,
respectively. 

bad debt expense. 

The
Company regularly reviews such equity securities for impairment based on a qualitative assessment which includes, but is not limited
to (i) significant deterioration in the earnings performance, credit rating, asset quality or business prospects of the investee, (ii)
significant adverse changes in the regulatory, economic or technological environment of the investee and (iii) significant adverse changes
in the general market condition of either the geographical area or the industry in which the investee operates, (iv) a bona fide offer
to purchase, an offer by the investee to sell, or a completed auction process for the same or similar investment for an amount less than
the carrying amount of that investment, (v) factors that raise significant concerns about the investee s ability to continue as
a going concern such as negative cash flows from operations, working capital deficiencies, or non-compliance with statutory capital requirements
or debt covenants. If an equity security is impaired, an impairment loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss equal to the difference between the fair value of the investment and its carrying amount. If such impairment is determined
prior to receiving options or warrants to be received as consideration for Unicorns customer contracts, the related loss on impairment
is reflected as bad debt expense. As of December 31, 2022, to date, no impairment or bad debt expense had been recorded on such
long-term investments in private companies or non-cash receivables. 

years for customer relationships and years for
trade names. Straight line amortization is not materially different from an amortization method based upon projected future cash flows
from the customers acquired. 

The
Company tests goodwill impairment under ASC 350 at least annually or more frequently if triggering events occur or other impairment indicators
arise which might impair recoverability. These events or circumstances would include a significant change in the business climate, legal
factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale, disposition of a significant portion of the business, or other relevant
factors. Impairment of goodwill is evaluated at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is defined as an operating segment (i.e.,
before aggregation or combination), or one level below an operating segment (i.e., a component). There was impairment of goodwill
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company tests finite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets under ASC 360 whenever impairment indicators arise which might
impair recoverability. These events or circumstances would include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating
performance indicators, competition, sale, disposition of a significant portion of the business, or other relevant factors. Impairment
of long-lived assets is evaluated at the asset-group level. An asset group is defined as the lowest level of identifiable cash flows
that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets or liabilities. There was impairment of finite-lived intangible
assets or other long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

thousand of operating lease ROU assets and thousand of operating lease liabilities
on the consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2022. Refer to Note 12 for further information. 

The
Company accounts for revenue contracts with customers through the following five steps: (i) identification of the contract, or contracts,
with a customer, (ii) identification of the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determination of the transaction price, (iv)
allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligation in the contract, and (v) recognition of revenue when, or as, the Company
satisfies a performance obligation. The Company s subscription service arrangements and Unicorns agreements are non-cancellable
and do not contain refund-type provisions. Certain service agreements include cancelation clauses and there is a right of refund provided
to the customer. The Company estimates and maintains a reserve for expected customer refunds. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties
and management judgment. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 no such reserves were recorded. 

The
Company s customers include government institutions, Fortune 500 Companies, and small businesses. At contract inception, the Company
assesses the product offerings in its contracts to identify performance obligation(s) that are distinct. A performance obligation is
distinct when the customer can benefit from it on its own or together with other resources that are readily available and when it is
separately identifiable from other items in the contract. Historically, costs to obtain a contract have not been significant. 

To
identify its performance obligation(s), the Company considers all the promises in the contract for SaaS, TaaS or Unicorns Services. The
Company has concluded there to be a single performance obligation in each of these services. For SaaS arrangements, the primary obligation
is the license issuance to the customer to access the Company s workforce platform. For TaaS arrangements, the primary performance
obligation is services provided to the customer by the professional resulting in hours accrued or milestones reached. For Unicorns arrangements,
the primary performance obligation is to provide customers with publicity and exposure through appearance on the Unicorn Hunters show
which occurs when an episode is distributed for broadcast or streaming. 

The
transaction price is the total amount of consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for the service offerings in
a contract. At the inception of the contract, the transaction price is known for all the services in the contracts. For SaaS contracts
the transaction price is based on the number of licenses sold. TaaS contracts are based on the contracted service hours. Some contracts
have a form of variable consideration, for example discounts on licenses sold that exceed certain volumes, or TaaS remote talent projects
with a 10 discount for long term engagements that could impact the base transaction price of our services in contracts with the customers.
The Company estimates variable consideration and adjusts the transaction price at the time of contract signing. 

Revenue
and accounts receivable for Unicorns generally consists of the fair value of stock options, warrants or shares of common stock committed
from companies that have appeared on the Unicorn Hunters show. Contract consideration is fixed at contract inception and has historically
been received in one of two forms; 1) either a pre-determined number stock options, warrants or shares or 2) options or warrants or shares
representing a specific percentage of the customer s common stock outstanding as of a particular point in time. Other key terms
specified in customer contracts include the exercise price and the duration or term of the options or warrants. The options or warrants
underlying the commitments typically have a term of five to ten years and accounts receivable are recorded at the estimated fair value
of such options or warrants as determined at contract inception. The estimated fair value of stock options and warrants, expected to
be received as consideration, is dependent on the fair value of the underlying equity of each privately held presenting company. 

The
fair value of such underlying private company equity is determined based on (i) the valuation indicated in a recent round of financing
(ii) a recent pre-existing third-party valuation report or (iii) a new third-party valuation report as of or near the date of contract
inception. Third-party valuation reports consider factors such as recent financing rounds, third-party financing transactions, discounted
cash flow analyses and market-based information, including comparable transactions, trading multiples and other factors based on facts
and circumstances specific to each privately held presenting company. For non-cash consideration in the form of stock options or warrants
of the presenting company, the Company, with assistance from third-party valuation advisors, determines the fair value of such consideration
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model which, in addition to the fair value of underlying stock, considers the term of the stock
options or warrants, exercise price, volatility, interest rate and dividend yield. These are Level 3 estimates under the fair value hierarchy
because they involve significant unobservable inputs. The valuation of stock options or warrants committed by Unicorns customers requires
management judgment due to the absence of an observable market price for those options or warrants. 

Under
ASC 606, the total transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation in the contract. As noted above, each contract in each
segment contains only one performance obligation. Accordingly, the total transaction price for all Company contracts relates a to the
single performance obligation and no allocation is required. 

Revenue
is recognized upon transfer of control of promised services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects
to receive in exchange for those services. If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, for example, a discount
for the subscription to access the software platform or for long term staffing engagements, the Company includes an estimate of the amount
it expects to receive for the total transaction price if it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized
will not occur. 

For
SaaS contracts, the typical subscription term is one year or less and the Company generally invoices its customers at the start of the
subscription period when access to the software platform is provided. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable
and deferred revenue and related revenue is recognized over the subscription period. For TaaS contracts, the Company s staffing
contracts are typically for a duration of less than a year and are either on a fixed hourly rate basis or on a fixed cost basis billed
upon satisfaction of respective milestones. For Unicorns contracts, customers are billed when an episode is distributed for broadcast
or streaming. 

The
Company typically invoices its customers at the end of each month in cases where the contracts involve billing based on fixed hourly
rates and/or once a milestone is reached. An over-time method is used to measure progress because the Company s obligation is to
provide continuous service over the contractual period when fixed hourly rate billing is involved. For time-and-materials contracts,
revenue from contracts with customers is recognized in the amount to which the Company has a right to invoice, when the services are
rendered by the Company s remote workers in such cases. For milestone-based contracts, revenue is recognized over time using an
output method based upon milestones achieved. Revenue is recognized once a milestone is reached for an amount of the transaction price
that is proportionate to the total milestones in the contract. Milestones reached represent work performed and thereby best depicts the
transfer of control to the customer. For Unicorns contracts, the promise to the customer is fulfilled and revenue is recognized for the
entire transaction price when an episode is distributed on the Unicorn Hunters website. 

Revenue
from TaaS arrangements is recorded on a gross basis, as principal, rather than on a net basis, as agent. The Company concluded that it
is the principal in these arrangements because the Company contracts separately with customers and service providers, is responsible
for directing service providers to meet the agreed upon customer specifications, has discretion to establish pricing for services provided
to end customers and bears the primary risks related to billing, collection and customer satisfaction. 

Deferred
Revenue 

Deferred
revenue represents amounts that have been invoiced in advance of revenue recognition. Deferred revenue is recognized as revenue when
transfer of control to customers has occurred or as services are being provided. The Company generally invoices customers in monthly
installments for the TaaS business and for SaaS, business customers are invoiced at the start of the contract period therefore timing
differences and deferred revenue can occur in the SaaS and TaaS segments. As noted above, Unicorns invoicing and revenue recognition
both occur at the time an episode is distributed on the Unicorn Hunters website therefore there is no deferred revenue recorded for the
Unicorn Hunters segment. 

The
Company had deferred revenue of thousand and thousand as of December 31, 2022 and December 2021, respectively. The
amount of revenue recognized in fiscal 2022 and 2021 that was included in deferred revenue at the beginning of the periods was thousand
and thousand, respectively. 

Remaining
Performance Obligation 

In
accordance with ASC 606, the Company is required to include disclosures on its remaining performance obligations as of the end of the
current reporting period. Due to the nature of the contracts in the Company s businesses, these reporting requirements are not
applicable. Most of the Company s remaining contracts meet certain exceptions as defined in ASC 606. For the Company s contracts
that pertain to these exceptions: (i) the remaining performance obligations primarily relates to the provision of access to the software
platform for its subscribers; and (ii) the estimated duration of these performance obligations is less than one year or ranges from the
remaining of the current calendar year to the next calendar year. 

thousand and thousand in advertising expense, respectively. Sales
and marketing expense includes costs associated with promoting the Unicorn Hunters show and obtaining new investors for the Company. 

The
consolidated financial statement recognition of the benefit for a tax position is dependent upon the benefit being more likely than not
to be sustainable upon audit by the applicable tax authority. If this threshold is met, the tax benefit is then measured and recognized
at the largest amount that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. In the event that the Internal Revenue
Service IRS or another taxing jurisdiction levies an assessment in the future, it is possible the assessment could have
a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition or results of operations. The provision for income taxes includes the
effects of any resulting tax reserves, or unrecognized tax benefits, that are considered appropriate as well as the related net interest
and penalties. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. 

and of the Company s revenue. These customers accounted for and of the
Company s accounts receivables, respectively as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
had four customers for which revenue accounted for more than 10 of total revenue. These customers accounted for approximately , ,
 and of the Company s revenue. These customers accounted for , , and of customer receivables, respectively,
as of December 31, 2021. 

The
Share Exchange Agreement that the Company entered into in order to acquire a majority stake in ITSQuest, as amended on December 28,
2022, contains a contingent divestiture provision whereby if by December 31, 2024, the Company does not either (i) engage in an
initial public offering of its securities at a price of at least 10.00 per share or (ii) cause the Company s proposed security
tokens (Unicoins) to become tokenized and listed on a cryptocurrency exchange with a quoted price at or above 1.00 per token, then the
Company will be required to divest itself of the acquired ITSQuest equity by returning the same to the founders of ITSQuest, and such
founders shall be entitled to retain the shares of the Company received pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement. As of the date of filing
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company cannot yet assess the likelihood or probability of achieving either of the two trigger
events necessary to avoid divestiture if ITSQuest. However, if the Company is not able to achieve an initial offering of its Common Stock
or an initial registration of its Unicoins, sufficient to meet the criteria outlined in the Amended SEA on or before December 31,
2024, the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity will be materially impacted as ITSQuest
represented Company assets of thousand, revenues of thousand, and generated gross margins of thousand as of and
for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 

In
January 2020, the World Health Organization WHO announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus COVID-19 and the risks to the international community. In March 2020, WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a
pandemic based on the rapid increase in exposure globally. The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has affected the United States and global
economies and may affect the Company s operations and those of third parties on which the Company relies. While the potential economic
impact brought by, and the duration of, the COVID-19 pandemic is difficult to assess or predict, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
on the global financial markets may reduce the Company s ability to access capital, which could negatively impact the Company s
short-term and long-term liquidity. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain and subject to change. As of the date of
this report, the Company s efforts to respond to the challenges presented by the conditions described above have allowed the Company
to minimize the impacts of these challenges to its business. 

shares of Unicorns common stock to the Company out of the 75,000,000 shares it had issued to date. the Company became the majority
owner of Unicorns, obtaining a 66.67 interest. In addition to the Company s 66.67 interest in Unicorns, 
shares of Unicorns or 
are held by officers and directors of the Company. This consists of 
shares or 
held by Alex Konanykhin, CEO of the Company, 
shares or 
held by Silvina Moschini, President of the Company, 
shares or 
held by Andrew Winn, CFO of the Company and 
shares or 
held by Moe Vela, a Company director. The remaining 
shares, or ,
are held by Craig Plestis, Executive Producer of the Unicorn Hunters show. As such, Unicorns and the Company are under common
control. 

Management
evaluated whether Unicorns meets the criteria for classification as a VIE or as VOE and concluded that Unicorns meets the criteria of
a VIE. Management further concluded that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the Unicorns VIE because the Company has the power
to direct the activities that most affect its economic performance and further has the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive
benefits that could be significant to the VIE. Accordingly, the Company is required to consolidate Unicorns as a VIE. 

As
of December 31, 2020 the Company was required to consolidate Unicorns as a VIE in the consolidated balance sheet, however the effect
of the consolidation was not material at the time because Unicorns was founded in late 2020 and had no consequential business activity
in 2020. Prior to April 2021 an NCI of 100 was included in the consolidated balance sheet because the Company didn t own
any shares of Unicorns stock until April 2021. Subsequent to issuance of 66.67 of Unicorns shares to the Company in April 2021,
the NCI decreased from 100 to 33.33 . In accordance with ASC 810 Consolidations, the Company initially measured the assets and
liabilities of Unicorns, including the NCI, at their previous carrying amounts because Unicorns and the Company are under common control. 

Unicorns
is a separate reportable segment for the Company. Refer to Note 17 for revenues, cost of revenues and gross profit related to Unicorns. 

- 
 - 

As of
December 31, 2021 

Carrying Value 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 ASSETS 

Money market funds 

- 
 - 

As
discussed in Note 8, the obligation to settle the Company s Unicoin Rights liability through the exchange of a fixed number of
Unicoins, when and if all contingencies are resolved and Unicoins are launched, represents an embedded feature that may result in additional
charges to the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss upon settlement. The embedded feature was
initially valued at 0 and is not expected to fluctuate until the Unicoin is launched or probable of launch. 

Assets
Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 

As
discussed in Notes 2 and 5, consideration from Unicorns customers generally consists of commitments to issue stock options or warrants
from customers which appear on the Unicorn Hunters show. This non-cash consideration is recognized in accounts receivable at the estimated
fair values at or near the dates of contract inception using Level 3 inputs. The fair value of these commitments, as well as the options
or warrants of private companies, held upon settlement of such receivables, as measured using Level 3 inputs, may fluctuate as discussed
in the Company s accounting policy for private company investments, which is included in Note 2. Certain other items such as goodwill,
intangible assets, contingent divestiture and NCI resulting from the ITSQuest acquisition are recognized or disclosed at fair value on
a non-recurring basis. The Company determines the fair value of these items using Level 3 inputs. There are inherent limitations when
estimating the fair value of financial instruments, and the fair values reported are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that would
be realized in current market transactions. 

Investments in privately-held companies 
 
 - 
 
 Carrying value of Unicorn Hunters non-cash consideration 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cost of investments in privately-held companies 
 
 - 
 
 Cumulative impairments 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cumulative upward adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 
 Carrying value of investments in privately-held companies 
 
 - 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received option or warrant certificates from two customers with an aggregate carrying
value, and estimated fair value, of thousand. No such receipts took place during the year ended December 31, 2021. Upon receipt
the Company reclassified the amounts from Unicorn Hunters non-cash receivables to Investments in privately held companies. As discussed
in Note 18, subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company received warrant certificates from one Unicorn Hunters customer with an
aggregate carrying value of thousand. 

thousand. Goodwill resulted from the acquisition
of ITSQuest and thus is included in the Company s TaaS segment. There were no impairment charges related to goodwill during the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s goodwill was not tax deductible for income tax purposes. 

Intangible
assets consisted of the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

years 

Trade Names 
 years 

December 31, 2021 

Useful life 
 Gross carrying 
amount 
 Accumulated 
amortization 
 Net carrying 
amount 
 
 Intangible assets with finite lives: 

Customer Relationships 
 years 

Trade Names 
 years 

Intangible
assets were recorded at fair value consistent with ASC 820 as a result of the acquisition of ITSQuest. The fair value measurement of
the assets was based on significant inputs not observable in the market and represent Level 3 measurements within the fair value measurement
hierarchy. Level 3 fair market values were determined using a variety of information, including estimated future cash flows and market
comparable data and companies. 

Amortization
expense related to intangible assets was thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022,
estimated future amortization was as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

During
the fourth quarters of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company performed qualitative assessments of goodwill and
intangible assets to determine if the carrying values of these assets exceeded their fair values noting there were no indicators of impairment
for goodwill or intangible assets. 

Digital
Assets 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received digital assets as consideration from investors for the purchases
of Unicoin Rights, common stock and private placement unsecured notes issued by the Company. These digital assets included Bitcoin (BTC),
Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Ethereum (ETH), Litecoin (LTC), Tether (USDT), Dai (DAI) and USD Coin (USDC). The Company utilized thousand
and of its digital asset holdings for vendor payments during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded thousand and thousand, respectively, of impairment losses
on such digital assets. Impairment losses are included in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. During the year ended December 31, 2021, there were no sales of digital assets thus no realized gains were recorded. 

The
table below summarizes the carrying values and activity for the Company s digital asset holdings as of and for the year ended December 31,
2021: 

Bitcoin Cash (BCH) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ethereum (ETH) 
 - 

Litecoin (LTC) 
 - 

Tether (USDT) 
 - 
 - 
 
 USD Coin (USDC) 
 - 

Total 
 - 

- 

- 
 - 

Received as consideration in sales of common stock 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Received as consideration in sales of private placement notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Received as consideration in sales of Unicoin Rights 

Proceeds from disposal of digital assets 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Realized gain on disposal of digital assets 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Vendors payments 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Impairments 

- 
 - 
 - 

Write-off pending resolution with custodian 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fees and other 

- 

Ending balance 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Bitcoin 
 Bitcoin Cash 
 Ethereum 
 Litecoin 
 Dai 
 Tether 
 USD Coin 
 Total 
 
 Beginning balance 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Received as consideration in sales of common stock 
 
 - 

- 
 - 

Received as consideration in sales of private placement notes 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Impairment recorded 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Ending balance 
 
 - 

- 
 - 

The
market value of the Company s digital assets, based on quoted prices on active exchanges, was approximately and thousand
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During
the second half of the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company identified an thousand difference between certain reports provided
by its digital asset custodian. The Company s digital assets, as reported in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31,
2022, present the lower of the reported amounts and the 851 thousand difference was written off pending resolution with the custodian. 

thousand and thousand, respectively. The Company did
 t hold any long-term debt as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued unsecured promissory notes in a private placement with aggregate principal
of thousand (the Unsecured Notes ). During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued Unsecured Notes
in a private placement with aggregate principal amount of thousand. The Unsecured Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum,
payable, at maturity, and mature one year from issuance unless the holder elects to extend the maturity for one additional year. Prepayment
is not permitted. 

The
Unsecured Notes generally rank pari-passu relative to other unsecured obligations. As of December 31, 2022, thousand of Unsecured
Notes were outstanding and all are due and payable during the year ended December 31, 2023 to the extent holders do not elect to
extend one additional year. 

Interest
expense on Unsecured Notes of thousand and thousand was incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
and was recorded as accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheet. No significant third-party financing costs were incurred because
the Company managed the issuance of the Unsecured Notes internally, without use of an underwriter or trustee. Based on their short duration,
the fair value of the Unsecured Notes as of December 31, 2022 approximates their carrying amounts. 

The
Company is offering Unicoin Right Certificates Unicoin Rights or Rights with terms and conditions which
are set forth in a confidential private placement memorandum initially dated February 2022 the Offering ). The Offering
is being conducted pursuant to an exemption from U.S. securities registration requirements provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Rule 506(c) thereunder. Each U.S. domiciled investor in Unicoin Rights
must be an accredited investor, as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued Rights to acquire . The Company accounts for Unicoin Rights
by recording a liability representing the amount that management believes the Company would be obligated to pay or refund (i.e., the
amount holders have a right to claim and would likely be awarded in settlement) for fair value exchanged as consideration for Rights
to receive Unicoins in the future and in the event the Unicoin is never developed and launched. The Company concluded that it has a legal
or contractual obligation and recorded an amount necessary to refund the amount originally paid by investors if holders reasonable
expectation to receive Unicoins is not achieved. 

To
date, the Company has begun exploring possible service providers and exchanges which can assist with the tokenization of Unicoins and
eventual launch but has not yet begun actual technological development or coding of the tokens. The Company reasonably expects that technical
development can happen in a relatively short time, assuming regulatory readiness for launch, and hopes to complete this process by the
end of the 2023 calendar year. Neither the Unicoin rights nor the tokenized Unicoins will grant any intellectual property rights to holders.
As of December 31, 2022 and through the date of filing, the Company has not developed or issued any Unicoins and there is no assurance
as to whether, or at what amount, or on what terms, Unicoins will be available to be issued, if ever. 

As
of December 31, 2022 the outstanding financing obligation related to Unicoin Rights was thousand. Unicoin Rights were
issued during the year ended December 31, 2021. The obligation to settle this liability through the exchange of a fixed number of
Unicoins, when and if all contingencies are resolved and Unicoins are launched, represents an embedded feature that may result in additional
charges to the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss upon settlement. Although the Company intends
to do so, if it is unable to develop and launch the Unicoin, there can be no assurance that the Company can generate sufficient funds
through operations, or through financing transactions on terms acceptable to the Company in order to settle the Unicoin Rights Financing
Obligation. Due to the currently undetermined rights of Unicoin holders, the significant nature of required regulatory approvals and
the likely registration required prior to Unicoins achieving liquidity (all of which have aspects whose success is outside of the Company s
control), management initially concluded that the value of the embedded feature is de minimis and will likely remain de minimis until
the Unicoin is probable of regulatory approval and launch. Accordingly, the embedded feature was initially valued at 0 and is not expected
to fluctuate until the Unicoin is launched or probable of launch. 

The
fair value measurement of the Unicoin Rights Financing Obligation was based on significant inputs not observable in the market and represent
Level 3 measurements within the fair value measurement hierarchy. Level 3 fair market values were determined using a variety of information,
including estimated future cash flows. 

The
following table summarizes the components of the Unicoin Rights financing obligation recorded on the Company s consolidated balance
sheet as of December 31, 2022: 

Unicoin Inc. Shareholders 
 Non-Cash Dividends 

Employees, Contractors, Directors 
 Discretionary Compensation 

Service Providers, Influencers and Employees 
 Services and Employee Labor 

Subtotal 

ITSQuest Contingent Divestiture Amendment 

Five-Year Deferred Payment Plan 

Ten Year Prepaid Plan 

Total 

Sales
to Accredited Investors 

Through
December 31, 2022, thousand including 21,620 thousand in cash and 1,835 thousand of digital
assets for Unicoin Rights. The cumulative amounts were received from completed sales of Unicoin Rights in the Company s various
financing rounds at prices ranging from 0.01 to 0.40. Although there are no stated legal rights requiring the Company to return amounts
received from investors, management believes the holder of Unicoin Rights has a reasonable right to either 1) receive the number of Unicoins
specified in their Unicoin Rights agreement upon the future development and launch of the Unicoin or 2) a refund of the amount invested
in anticipation of the future development and launch of Unicoins. Therefore, the 23,455 thousand received has been recorded as a Unicoin
Rights financing obligation. 

Dividend
Issued to Shareholders 

The
Company declared and issued a non-cash dividend of Unicoin Rights, on a pro-rata basis, to all shareholders of record as of the dividend
declaration date of February 10, 2022. This non-cash dividend was the initial issuance of Unicoin Rights, prior to finalizing any
plan to market and sell Rights in connection with any of the Company s financing rounds, and at the time of the pro-rata distribution,
management and the Board had not yet ascribed a value to such Rights. As a result, a de minimis value of thousand representing the
approximate fair value of the Rights at the time of the distribution, was ascribed to all Unicoin Rights for this class of holder. 

Discretionary
Payments to Employees, Contractors and Directors 

The
Company has issued Unicoin Rights to certain employees, Board members and external contractors/consultants as discretionary awards. These
Unicoin Rights were issued on a discretionary basis and do not indicate that employees, Board members or contractors/consultants are
being rewarded a specific value attributable to past or future services rendered by such individuals. The Unicoin Rights were also not
issued as a replacement for, or in lieu of, cash or equity awards due under any type of pre-determined bonus or other incentive plan
that quantifies a value that the holders are entitled to as a result of their services or performance. The Company believes that, because
of the nature of these discretionary awards (i.e., nothing of specific value was exchanged to the Company in return), together with the
legal disclaimer of any obligation to launch the Unicoin within the terms of the Unicoin Rights agreement, the amount that holders would
be entitled to if the Unicoin is not ultimately launched is de minimis. A total of thousand was recorded relating to the Unicoin
Rights financing obligation associated with this discretionary class of holders. 

Issued
to Service Providers, Influencers and Employees 

The
Company has issued Unicoin Rights in exchange for services from advertising agencies, marketing firms and other vendors. Also, the Company
has issued Unicoin Rights as part of the compensation package negotiated with certain employees. The related contracts for these third-party
providers and employees specify the value provided, as negotiated by these parties, and the number of Unicoin Rights accepted as compensation
for the dollar value of those services. 

Similar
to Accredited Investors, service providers exchanged a specified, negotiated value in exchange for Unicoin Rights and has rights to receive
either 1) the negotiated number of Unicoins upon development or launch, or 2) payment of cash equivalent to the value of services provided.
In addition, from time to time the Company engages Influencers to promote Unicoins and/or the Unicorn Hunters show in exchange for Unicoin
Rights. The form of Influencer engagement may include promoting Unicoin in a social media post, making brief reference in a speech, posting
about Unicoin on a website or any other media form. These contracts do not specify the value of services rendered by Influencer nor the
specific format of engagement required. Because an engagement can represent something as simple as brief mention in a speaking
engagement, or posting on a social media account, etc. management determined there is very little effort involved by the Influencer in
order to perform services in a manner consistent with the contractual terms. A total of thousand was recorded as the Unicoin
Rights financing obligation in connection with Unicoin Rights issued to service providers, influencers and employees through December 31,
2022. 

Five-Year
Deferred Payment Plan 

In
August 2022 the Company began offering a five-year deferred payment plan (the deferred payment plan to accredited
investors in its ongoing Unicoin Rights offering. The deferred payment plan permits investors to purchase Unicoin Rights immediately
and pay for such Unicoin Rights in five equal annual installments, with the first installment due one year after the date of purchase.
Purchases through the deferred payment plan requires that investors provide collateral to the Company having a value of up to 20 of
the total purchase price of the purchased Unicoin Rights. Collateral can be in the form of Company common stock owned by the investor,
Unicoin Rights already owned by the investor, cash, digital assets or other assets with a demonstrable value, at the Company s
discretion, if such assets can be transferred to the Company or a valid lien on such assets can be secured. Pursuant to the terms of
the installment payment plan, both the pledged collateral and the Unicoin Rights being purchased under the installment plan will be forfeited
to the Company if the investor fails to make any of the five annual installment payments. Because there is no history of collections
under the deferred payment plan and because there is uncertainty regarding payment in the event that Unicoins have not been developed
and launched by the time the first annual installments become due, the Company has not recorded a receivable and a corresponding Unicoin
Rights Financing Obligation for uncollected amounts. The Company has recognized an asset and a corresponding Unicoin Rights Financing
Obligation for thousand amount of cash collateral submitted by investors under the deferred payment plan. However, no asset will
be recognized for the fair value of non-cash collateral unless and until one or more investors default on their payment obligation. As
of December 31, 2022, accredited investors have signed contracts for the purchase of 1.63 billion Unicoin Rights under the deferred
payment plan that may lead to proceeds of up to 170,418 thousand through the five-year payment plan if the Unicoin is successfully developed
and launched and the Company s deferred payment installment sales are fully executed. Upon receiving the annual payments over the
five-year term or upon having sufficient history and other positive information regarding collectability to record accounts or notes
receivable for remaining amounts due under the deferred sale arrangements, the Company expects to record cash or notes receivable and
a corresponding financing obligation, as it would through Sales to Accredited Investors as discussed above, until the point in
time that the investment contracts are settled through issuance of Unicoins. 

The
following table summarizes the pledged collateral pursuant to the deferred payment plan as of December 31, 2022: 

Digital Assets 

Unicoin Inc. Shares of Common Stock 

Unicoin Rights 

Real Estate 

Total 

The
fair value of the collateral received by Company is determined as follows: 

Cash
 Based on the nominal value of cash received. 

Digital
 Assets Fair value is determined based on quoted prices on active exchanges. 

Real
 Estate Based on third-party appraisal. 

Unicoin
 Inc. Common Stock Shares Based on fair value of common stock based on external third-party
 appraisal. 

Unicoin Rights Based on the specific amounts recorded as a financing obligation for each Unicoin Right given as collateral 

Ten-Year
Prepaid Plan 

In
November 2022 the Company began offering a ten-year prepaid plan (the prepaid plan to accredited investors in its
ongoing Unicoin Rights offering. The investor remits a cash or digital asset deposit (the principal for a period of up
to ten years. After the first year, the investor can either withdraw the principal or apply it towards the purchase of Unicoins at 20
cents per unit. Five years after the deposit (the maturity ), the investor earns a cumulative interest of 50 of the principal,
which qualifies toward the withdrawal or purchase of Unicoins. As of December 31, 2022, total cash receipts of thousand were
recorded as Unicoin Rights financing obligation in connection with the prepaid plan. 

ITSQuest
Contingent Divestiture Amendment 

In
December 2022, the Company issued 20 million Unicoin Rights to the previous owners of ITSQuest as part of the consideration given
in exchange for amending ITSQuest s contingent divestiture provision. The accounting considerations of this transaction are discussed
in Note 14. A total of thousand was recorded relating to the Unicoin Rights financing obligation associated with these Unicoin
Rights. representing the approximate fair value of the Unicoin Rights at the time of issuance. 

Unicoin
Rights Issued to Related Parties 

The
Unicorn Rights issuances discussed above include a total of 677 million Unicoin Rights, and the respective Unicoin Rights Financing Obligation
of 3,170 thousand, which were issued to related parties during the year ended December 31, 2022. The composition of these is summarized
in the following table: 

Unicoin Inc. Shareholders (Dividends) 
 Officers and Directors 

Discretionary Awards 
 Officers, Directors and their Families 

Consideration for Services 
 Officers, Directors and their Families 

ITSQuest Contingent Divestiture Amendment 
 Former Owners of ITSQuest 

Total 

Other
Matters 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company held approximately thousand of cash deposits pursuant to completion of the due diligence
process required before issuance of Unicoin Right certificates. This amount is included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance
sheet and in proceeds from sales of Unicoin Rights on the consolidated statements of cash flows. 

shares of common stock with and shares issued and and
 outstanding, net of treasury stock, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Stockholders are entitled to one
vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Stockholders have no conversion, pre-emptive, or other
subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the common stock. 

Issuance
of Common Stock 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company raised thousand via a series of funding rounds as follows: 

Round 4b 

Round 5 

Total stock issued 

As
discussed in Note 6, 23 thousand of the proceeds referred to above was received in the form of digital assets. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company raised thousand via a series of funding rounds as follows: 

Common Stock Issuances by Round 
 Shares 
 Weighted Average Price per Share 
 Proceeds 
 
 Round 3a 

Round 3c 

Round 3d 

Round 4a 

Round 4b 

Round 5 

Total stock issued 

As
discussed in Note 6, thousand of the proceeds referred to above was received in the form of digital assets. 

All
shares were issued from the Company s pool of authorized common stock, which rights and privileges are discussed above and were
the same for all shares issued to date. Each funding round was available for a defined period with a specified price per share and did
not overlap with other funding rounds. Investors that subscribed during a specific round, locked the pricing offered for that round and
Company had a limited time to close on the issuance of shares. Once a funding round was fully subscribed and committed, management evaluated
capital needs and determined the price for the following round. 

Repurchases
of Common Stock 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company repurchased shares in exchange for consideration of thousand. Treasury
stock is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at cost and is reflected as an increase to stockholders deficit. The Company
intends to resell the treasury stock which was held as of December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased aggregate shares in exchange for consideration of thousand.

Shares
of common stock reserved for future issuance are as follows: 

Warrants for common stock (Note 11) 

Restricted stock units (Note 10) 

Dividend
of Unicoins 

As
discussed in Note 8, in connection with a February 10, 2022 board consent, the Company declared a non-cash dividend of one Unicoin
Right per each common share of record held on February 10, 2022. The dividend was recorded as a reduction of additional
paid-in-capital because the Company is in a retained deficit position. 

to . Upon exercise, the option exercise price may be paid in cash or by the delivery of previously owned shares
of common stock, through an option exercise arrangement. The Administrator determines the terms relating to the exercise, cancellation,
or other disposition of options and stock awards upon a termination of employment, whether by reason of disability, retirement, death,
or any other reason. 

The
Company recorded thousand and thousand of stock-based compensation expense related to stock option awards during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As discussed in Note 2, the Company measures the expense using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the use of a number of assumptions, including expected volatility,
risk-free interest rate, expected dividends, and expected term. 

Expected
volatility is based on the historic volatility of a basket of certain publicly traded comparable companies. Management estimates the
expected term of the award based on the contractual as well as the exercise price of the options. The risk-free interest rate is based
on the U.S. Treasury yield curve applicable to a period equal to the expected term of the award. The Company accounts for forfeitures
as they occur. 

The
assumptions used to determine stock-based compensation expense are as follows: 

- 
 - 
 
 Expected term (in years) 

Volatility 
 
- 
 
- 
 
 Risk-free rate 
 
- 
 
- 
 
 Dividend yield 
 - 
 - 

The
following is a summary of stock option activity and related information for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Ending balance December 31, 2021 

Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance January 1, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Ending balance December 31, 2022 

Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

The
intrinsic value of the stock options vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was thousand and thousand,
respectively. The intrinsic value is the difference between the estimated fair value of the Company s common stock at the date
of exercise and the exercise price for in-the-money options. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was no unrecognized equity-based compensation for stock options because all outstanding shares were
fully vested. 

The
amount of cash received from exercise of share options during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 6 thousand and 0.04
thousand, respectively. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

RSU s
Classified as Equity 

During
2021, the Company amended certain employment agreements for some of its employees that enabled those employees to receive stock awards
worth a fixed dollar amount, either: (i) at end of every month in certain instances; or (ii) on the first anniversary of their respective
employments in other instances. The revised employment agreement specifies the maximum number of shares to be issued upon vesting to
the respective employees. Equity-classified RSU s have a grant-date fair value equal to the fair market value of the underlying
stock on the grant date less present value of expected dividends. These awards vest immediately. 

RSU s
Classified as a Liability 

Prior
to July 2021 the Company issued Restricted Stock Units RSU s in which the Company has an obligation to issue
a variable number of shares that are based on a fixed monetary amount. These awards are classified as a liability. The Company measures
the cost of employee services received in exchange for a liability classified award based on the fixed dollar value of the awards. As
of December 31, 2022, no liability classified RSU s were outstanding; all had either been vested and issued or forfeited. 

The
following table summarizes information about RSU s as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

- 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Ending balance - December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance - January 1, 2022 

Granted 
 - 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Ending balance - December 31, 2022 
 - 

The
Company recorded thousand and thousand of stock-based compensation expense relating to both equity and liability classified
RSU s during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 substantially all stock-based compensation expense was classified as general and administrative
expense. 

Granted 
 - 

Exercised 

Forfeited 
 - 

Ending balance as of December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance as of January 1, 2022 

Granted 
 - 

Exercised 

Forfeited 
 - 

Ending balance as of December 31, 2022 

thousand.
Operating lease liabilities totaled 349 thousand
of which 150 thousand
was included in current liabilities and 199 thousand was included in noncurrent liabilities
on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s operating leases had a weighted-average remaining
lease term of 
 years and a weighted-average discount rate of . 

The
Company recorded operating lease expense of thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the company recorded operating lease expense of thousand for leases which were capitalized
as ROU assets and operating lease liabilities. 

As
discussed in Note 2, the Company elected to exclude leases with a term of 12 months or less from its consolidated balance sheets. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded operating lease expense of thousand for those short-term leases. 

As
of December 31, 2022, maturities of operating lease liabilities were as follows: 

2024 

2025 

Future operating lease payments 

Imputed interest 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent 

The
Company did not have any finance leases during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

thousand to the Company. The thousand balance as of December 31, 2022 is included in the Company s consolidated
balance sheet as related party loan payable. These advances were for general corporate purposes. No maturity date is specified but management s
intent is to repay the loan during the year ended December 31, 2023 therefore the balance is classified as a current liability in
the consolidated balance sheet. 

Unicoin
Rights Issued to Related Parties 

As
discussed in Note 8, a total of million Unicoin Rights valued at thousand were issued to related parties during the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Unicorns
Acquisition 

As
discussed in Note 3, in April 2021, Alex Konanykhin, CEO and director of the Company and founder of Unicorns, issued 
shares of Unicorns common stock to the Company giving the Company a 66.67 majority interest in Unicorns. As discussed in Note 3, an
additional of Unicorns shares are held by officers and directors of the Company. 

Related
Party Promissory Note 

On
October 24, 2020, the Company entered into a one-year Loan Agreement and Promissory Note Loan Agreement for 
thousand with the current President of the Company (the Borrower ). The Loan Agreement accrues interest at per annum.
The loan was collateralized by shares of Company common stock owned by Ms. Moschini. Using funds provided by this loan, Ms.
Moschini acquired a residential real estate property in Miami, Florida and the Company used the property for corporate purposes. During
the first half of 2021, thousand of the principal balance was repaid through a cash payment of thousand and relinquishment
of 1,500,000 shares of Company common stock valued at 0.19 per share based on a third-party valuation report. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the remaining principal balance of thousand was repaid through relinquishment of an additional
 shares which were valued at per share based on a third-party valuation report. During the year ended December 31,
2021 the Company recognized thousand in interest income related to the Loan Agreement. Upon repayment of the loan, the space reverted
to Ms. Moschini s personal use. The receipt of shares was included with repurchases of common stock in the consolidated statement
of changes in stockholders equity (deficit). 

Extension
of ITSQuest s Contingent Divestiture Provision 

On
December 28, 2022, the Company and the sellers of ITSQuest amended the SEA (the Amended SEA to delay the date of
the trigger event to December 31, 2024 (i.e., by an additional 24 months). The original trigger event provided that if the Company
did not engage in a public offering of its securities at a price of at least 10.00 per share by December 31, 2022, the Company
would divest itself of the acquired ITSQuest equity by returning the same to the founders of ITSQuest, and such founders shall be entitled
to retain the shares of the Company received pursuant to the original SEA. In addition to extending the date of the trigger event to
December 31, 2024, the Amended SEA incorporated a second alternative trigger event, also required to be achieved on or before December 31,
2024, whereby ITSQuest would not be required to divest its interest in ITSQuest back to the sellers if Unicoin Inc. s proposed
security tokens Unicoins are tokenized and listed on an available Alternative Trading System or cryptocurrency exchange
(whichever is applicable), with a quoted price at or above 1.00 per token. 

As
consideration for the Amended SEA, 1,500,000 of the Company s 3,500,000 shares remain subject to a holdback provision regarding
tax liabilities (the holdback provision ), pending resolution of the ITSQuest tax liability that existed at the time of
ITSQuest s acquisition, were released to the sellers of ITSQuest and 20,000,000 Unicoin Rights were issued upon its execution.
The sellers of ITSQuest are a related party as they are employees and stockholders of Unicoin Inc. After release of the aforementioned
shares, upon signing the Amended SEA, 2,000,000 shares of common stock remain subject to the holdback provision. 

Because
the measurement period for the ITSQuest acquisition ended, at the latest, on November 30, 2021, the impact of the Amended SEA was
not considered as an adjustment to the original purchase price allocation. The Company recorded a Unicoin Rights financing obligation
of 1,780 thousand associated with the amendment or settlement of the terms of the original contingent divestiture provision. This amount
represents the fair value of the 20 million Unicoin Rights issued to the sellers of ITSQuest and is reflected as cost of contract amendment
as operating expense in the Company s consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31,
2022. 

The
Company compared the fair value of the shares subject to the holdback provision immediately before and after the amendment, concluding
that the release of these shares prior to the resolution of the ITSQuest tax liability would result in immaterial incremental fair value.
As a result, the Company did not record any additional expense associated with the early release of these shares in connection with the
amended divestiture provision terms. 

As
a result of the extended deadline provided in the Amended SEA, the Company cannot yet assess the likelihood or probability of achieving
either of the two trigger events necessary to avoid divestiture if ITSQuest. However, if the Company is not able to achieve an initial
offering of its Common Stock or an initial registration of its Unicoins, sufficient to meet the criteria outlined in the Amended SEA
on or before December 31, 2024, the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity will be materially
impacted as ITSQuest represented Company assets of thousand, revenues of thousand, and generated gross margins of 
thousand, respectively, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 

U.S. state 

Foreign 
 - 

Total current expense 

Deferred: 

U.S. federal 

U.S. state 

Total deferred expense 

Total income taxes 

The
tax effects of temporary differences and tax loss carry forwards that give rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets and liabilities
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are comprised of the following: 

Accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of digital assets 

Disallowed loss on digital assets 
 
 - 
 
 Outside basis difference on ITSQuest investment - contingent consideration 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total deferred income tax assets 

Deferred income tax liability: 

Intangible assets 

Outside basis difference on ITSQuest investment - acquisition equity 

Unicorn Hunters unexercised stock options and warrants 

ITSQuest tax accounting method 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total deferred income tax liability 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax liability 

The
Company has recorded a full valuation allowance against its otherwise recognizable deferred income tax assets as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 with the exception of deferred taxes related to ITSQuest, a majority owned company. The Company has determined, after evaluating
all positive and negative historical and prospective evidence, that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will
not be realized. During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, there was an increase of 6,944 thousand and 12,026 thousand
to the valuation allowance, respectively. The Company s valuation allowance was thousand and thousand as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s tax return filing group, Unicorns, Inc. and Subsidiaries had federal net operating loss
carry-forwards of approximately thousand, of which 275 thousand were generated prior to 2018 and will begin expiring in 2036.
The remaining thousand can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had state net operating
loss carry-forwards of approximately thousand. The state net operating loss carry-forward will begin expiring in 2036. As of
December 31, 2022, the Company s majority owned investments in ITSQuest, Inc. and Unicorns, Inc. had federal net operating
losses generated after 2018 of and thousand, respectively. ITSQuest, Inc. and Unicorns, Inc. had state operating losses. 

The
following is a reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to our effective tax rate: 

Foreign Tax withholding 
 - 

State tax provision 

Rate change 

Deferred tax true up 

Lobbying expenses 
 - 

Other 

Change in federal and state valuation allowance 

Total income taxes 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had thousand and thousand, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits
that, if recognized, would not impact the Company s effective tax rate because the of the Company s net operating loss carryforwards
and the related valuation allowance. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could change within the next 12 months for a number
of reasons, including audit settlements, tax examination activities, and the recognition and measurement considerations under this guidance. 

The
Company applies ASC 740 to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by the
appropriate taxing authorities before any tax benefit can be recorded in the financial statements. The following is a tabular reconciliation
of our total gross unrecognized tax benefits: 

Reversals related to the prior year 
 
 - 
 
 Additions related to the current year 

Balance as of December 31 

Utilization
of the domestic NOL and tax credit forwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to ownership change limitations that
may have occurred or that could occur in the future, as required by the Internal Revenue Code Section 382, as well as similar state
provisions. In general, an ownership change, as defined by the code, results from a transaction or series of transactions
over a three-year period resulting in an ownership change of more than fifty percentage points of the outstanding stock of a company
by certain stockholders or public groups. Any limitation may result in expiration of all or a portion of the NOL or tax credit carry-forward
before utilization. 

The
Company s income tax returns for all years remain open to examination by federal and state taxing authorities for a period of three
years and four years after the utilization of its NOLs, respectively. ITSQuest income tax returns remain open to examination by federal
and state taxing authorities for a period of three years. Generally, tax authorities can include returns filed within the last three
years in an audit. If they identify a substantial error, tax authorities may add additional years, however no more than the last six
years. 

Other
Considerations 

The
Company records liabilities related to its uncertain tax positions. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to
income tax audits by federal and state tax jurisdictions. The Company believes that it has provided adequate reserves for its income
tax uncertainties in all open tax years. As the outcome of the tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty, if any issues addressed
in the Company s tax audits are resolved in a manner inconsistent with management s expectations, the Company could adjust
its provision for income taxes in the future. 

In
November 2019, ITSQuest received final notice of proposed adjustments primarily related to the New Mexico Taxation and Revenue
Department s interpretation of the applicability of the gross receipts tax to staffing agencies. ITSQuest appealed the
proposed adjustments. On June 17, 2021, the New Mexico tax authorities issued a decision denying ITSQuest s protest and
upholding ITSQuest s assessment of 
thousand in gross receipt tax plus applicable penalty and interest. The Company continues to accrue interest as an increase to both
the tax liability and the indemnification asset. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the total liability, including penalty and
interest, was 
and ,
respectively. The related indemnification asset amounts were the same as the liability amounts. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding used to compute basic and diluted loss per share 

Net loss per common share attributable to Unicoin Inc., basic and diluted 

The
following table presents the potentially dilutive shares that were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share of common
stock attributable to common stockholders, because their effect was anti-dilutive, as adjusted to give effect to the Stock Split: 

Warrants for common stock (Note 11) 

Restricted stock units (Note 10) 

Subscription revenues 

Unicorn Hunters 
 - 

- 

Total revenues 

The
following tables set forth certain reportable segment information relating to the Company s operations for the years ended December 31,
2021, and 2020: 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit (loss) 

Years Ended December 31, 2021 

SaaS 
 TaaS 
 Unicorn Hunters 
 Consolidated 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit (loss) 

There
were no material transactions between reportable segments during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Assets
by reportable segment and operating costs by reportable segment are not presented as the Company does not allocate assets to its reportable
segments, nor is such information used by management for purposes of assessing performance or allocating resources. 

million Unicoins in exchange for consideration of approximately
 thousand in the form of cash thousand), digital assets thousand) and the value of services thousand). 

- An
 additional million Unicoin rights were issued to Company employees and non-employees
 as discretionary compensation. 

- Cash collateral of thousand was submitted in connection with these Unicoin Rights. 

- Accredited investors contributed thousand and 6 thousand in cash and digital assets toward the future acquisition of Unicoins under the ten-year prepaid plan. 

Receipt
of Warrant Certificates from Unicorn Hunters Customer 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company received warrant certificates from one Unicorn Hunters customer with an estimated fair value,
and initial carrying value, of thousand. 

F- 42 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure 

Change
in Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

On
January 25, 2022, Unicoin Inc. (the Company notified SingerLewak LLP (the Former Auditor of its dismissal,
effective as of January 26, 2022, as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. The Former Auditor served as
the auditors of the Company s financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 Financial Statements ). 

The
reports of the Former Auditor on the Company s financial statements as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and for the years then ended,
did not contain any adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting
principle. The reports did, however, include an emphasis of matter paragraph regarding substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, there were no disagreements with the Former Auditor on any matter of accounting principles
or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction
of the Former Auditor, would have caused the Former Auditor to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements as defined in
Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K in connection with any reports it would have issued. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, there were no reportable events as such term is defined in Item 304(a) (1)(v)
of Regulation S-K, other than the material weaknesses in our internal controls reported to the Company by the Former Auditor related
to (i) improper accounting for certain equity transactions, (ii) improper accounting for convertible notes payable, (iii) lack of an
effective control environment, (iv) lack of technical accounting expertise, (v) lack of an effective financial statement close process,
and (vi) insufficient segregation of duties and information technology general controls. 

The
Company has provided the Former Auditor with a copy of the foregoing disclosure and requested that the Former Auditor furnish the
Company with a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC stating whether or not it agrees
with such disclosure. A copy of the letter dated January 31, 2022, from the Former Auditor was filed with the SEC on February 1,
2022, on Form 8-K. 

New
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

On January 20, 2022, the Company engaged Kreit
 Chiu CPA LLP (formerly Paris, Kreit Chiu CPA LLP and hereafter referred to as Kreit Chiu as the Company s
independent public accounting firm, effective January 20, 2022, in order to audit, and express an opinion of the consolidated financial
statements of the Company for the year ending December 31, 2021. 

During the period during which the Former Auditor
was engaged as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, the Company did not consult with Kreit Chiu regarding
(1) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, (2) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s
financial statements, (3) written or oral advice provided that would be an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision
as to an accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue, or (4) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement between the Company
and its predecessor auditor as described in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) or a reportable event as described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.
In its two most recent fiscal years, the Company has had no disagreements with its independent accountants. 

Auditor Firm Id: 6651 Auditor Name: Kreit 
Chiu CPA, LLP Auditor Location: New York, NY United States 

53 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Based
on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, and due to the material weakness
in internal controls over financial reporting described below, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial
officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act were not effective for the period ending December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that information required
to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management,
including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Inherent
Limitations Over Internal Controls 

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(i) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 Company s assets; 

(ii) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 U.S. GAAP, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s
 management and directors; and 

(iii) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management,
including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company s internal
controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the
inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject
to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework
established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. Based on the assessment, management has determined that our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022, was not effective due to material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting. 

Material
Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

A
material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal controls
over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

54 

The
review, testing and evaluation of key internal controls over financial reporting completed by the Company resulted in the Company s
principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluding that as of December 31, 2022, material weaknesses existed in the
Company s internal controls over financial reporting. Specifically, in connection with our: 

(i) 
 entity-level
 controls - Controls are not in place with respect to the five components of entity-level controls: Control Environment, Risk Assessment,
 Monitoring, Information and Communication, and Control Activities; 

(ii) 
 information
 technology general controls and segregation of duties - Lack of proper segregation of duties related to journal entries. The accounting
 software does not require approval before a journal entry is posted to the general ledger. Thus, an unapproved journal entry can
 be easily input into the system without the knowledge of senior management; and 

(iii) 
 equity
 accounting - There was a large volume of equity transactions, mainly related to the issuance of stock to investors. The Company has
 a manually intensive set of processes and controls in place to record and review these transactions. We do not believe the controls
 are properly designed to sufficiently mitigate the risk of material misstatement given the large volume of transactions that are
 processed. 

The
Company has continued to address the material weaknesses described above through the following actions: 

- 
 Engaging
 third-party consultants with appropriate expertise to assist the finance and accounting department on an interim basis until key
 roles are filled; 

- 
 Assessing
 finance and accounting resources to identify the areas and functions that lack sufficient personnel and recruiting for experienced
 personnel to assume these roles; 

- 
 Further
 centralization of key accounting processes to enable greater segregation of duties; 

- 
 Developing
 further training on segregation of duties; and 

- 
 Designing
 and implementing additional compensating controls where necessary. 

While
we are working diligently to remediate these material weaknesses, there is no assurance that these material weaknesses will be fully
remediated by December 31, 2023. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange
Act) identified in connection with management s evaluation during the year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
 9B. 
 other
 information 

None. 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspections 

None. 

55 

PART
III 

Item
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth information for our executive officers and directors as of the day of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Silvina Moschini 
 
 51 
 
 Chairwoman of the Board and President 
 
 Alex Konanykhin 
 
 56 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Christopher Carter 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Andrew Winn 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Richard Devlin 
 
 51 
 
 Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel 
 
 Deniece Ky 
 
 52 
 
 Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 Alex Dominguez 
 
 53 
 
 Executive Vice President 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of each of our current executive officers and directors. 

Silvina
Moschini Co-founder, Chairwoman of the Board and President 

Ms. Moschini is the Chairwoman and President of
the Company. Prior to co-founding the Company, Ms. Moschini was Vice President of Corporate Communications at Visa International, where
she developed the public relations function, further positioning Visa as one of the most globally valued brands. She joined Visa from
Patagon.com, the Internet branch of Santander Central Hispano Group, where she was Vice President of Corporate Communications. Prior to
joining Patagon, Ms. Moschini was the Public Relations manager for Compaq Computer Corporation Latin America, creating the Public Relations
Department and supervising the implementation of the communications strategy in the region. Ms. Moschini is also the founder of SheWorks,
Inc., where she has served as its Chief Executive Officer and a director since November 13, 2016 and the founder of Yandiki, Inc.,
where she has served as its Chief Executive Officer and a director since August 18, 2014. Ms. Moschini is also a board member, co-producer
and co-star in the Company s affiliated business reality show, Unicorn Hunters. Ms. Moschini has a B.S. in public relations from
Universidad Argentina de la Empresa (Buenos Aires, Argentina) and a degree in marketing from New York University. She also completed a
master s course in public relations from the University of Houston in Texas and graduate courses in web communications and social
media at the Libera Universit di Lingue e Comunicazione and the Universit Commerciale Luigi Bocconi, both in Milan, Italy.
Ms. Moschini brings to the board her extensive experience and leadership skills, including being responsible for developing the Company s
industry-leading operating platform. Ms. Moschini is the ex-wife of Mr. Konanykhin. 

Alex
Konanykhin Co-founder, Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Mr.
Konanykhin is the Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company. Mr. Konanykhin is a serial entrepreneur, author and business expert.
At the age of 23, he founded the Russian Exchange Bank, becoming one of the wealthiest men in post-Communist Russia. After defecting
to the United States in 1992, he created KMGi in 1997, an international award-winning production studio that is widely recognized by
leading publications such as Forbes and CNN as the Future of the Internet for innovative implementations of cutting-edge
technology. KMGi developed a variety of businesses, including Intuic, Unicoin Inc., Yandiki, KMGi Studios, WikiExperts, ForWellConnected,
Stock4Services and Services4Stock. Mr. Konanykhin has been a board member and CEO of Unicoin Inc. since its founding in 2015. He has
also been a member of the board of directors of SheWorks, Inc. since 2016 and Yandiki, Inc. since 2014 and has served as the Chief Executive
Officer and a member of the board of directors of Unicorns since November 2020. Most recently, Mr. Konanykhin has founded and become
a board member, co-producer and co-star in the Company s affiliated business reality show, Unicorn Hunters. He has an MBA from
the Edinburgh Business School. Mr. Konanykhin brings to the board significant sector experience and key leadership skills. Mr. Konanykhin
is the ex-husband of Ms. Moschini. 

56 

Christopher
Carter Director 

Chris
Carter is a former NFL wide receiver who played for the Philadelphia Eagles from 1987-1989, the Minnesota Vikings from 1990-2001, and
most recently, the Miami Dolphins in 2002. Mr. Carter also played college football for Ohio State University where he set a Rose Bowl
record and was later inducted into the university s Ohio State Varsity O Hall of Fame . Carter was also
selected to be a member of the Ohio State Football All-Century team in 2000. In 2013 he was voted into the Pro Football Hall of fame. 

During
his football career, Mr. Carter played in eight consecutive Pro Bowls and became a two-time first-team and one-time second-team All-Pro.
In 2015, he was chosen to be a coach for the Pro Bowl, and in December 2016 became a football analyst for Fox Sports. He is one
of 14 players in NFL history with more than 1,000 receptions and was the first player to record a 150-yard receiving game in 3 separate
decades. Carter was also placed atop the list of wide receivers with the best hands on NFL Network s NFL s
Top 10 . 

As
of 2021, Mr. Carter has been part of Good Morning Football as an analyst. He also works as an assistant coach at his son s
former St. Thomas Aquinas High School. Five years before his retirement from the NFL, he began contemplating business. From there, Carter
created and executed multiple large joint ventures, on top of the building and selling of several businesses. He has been an entrepreneur
longer than he has played football and continues to serve as chairman of CB Tech as well as occupying other board seats in the US. Most
recently, Chris Carter became a Director at Unicoin Inc.. 

Andrew
Winn Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
Winn has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Unicoin Inc. since September 2020. He is responsible for all duties of the CFO
function, including accounting, reporting functions, investor relations, fundraising and investment presentations. He also has served
as the Company s Chief Investor Relations Officer since 2017. Prior to joining Unicoin Inc., Mr. Winn was a trader at Mid Atlantic
Capital Group Inc. from 2013 through 2017. While there, Mr. Winn successfully executed fixed income trades for investment grade, high
yield, structured and emerging market bonds and further enhanced and incorporated electronic trading platforms into the existing trading
framework. He also significantly increased the visibility of the firm by building relationships and executing many trades in the United
States and overseas. Mr. Winn earned a Bachelor s in Finance and Accounting at the University of Berkeley and an MBA from Santa
Clara University. He also took courses for a Masters in Taxation at Golden Gate University and earned the Chartered Financial Analyst
designation. Mr. Winn brings to the board extensive experience related to financial reporting, internal controls, compliance, risk and
regulatory strategy, developed from over 18 years of experience in accounting and investment functions in large investment institutions. 

Alex
Dominguez Chief Investor Relations Officer 

Mr.
Dominguez Holds an MBA degree from Barry University (1994) with a concentration in Public Administration, He earned his undergraduate
degree in Finance/ International Business from Florida International University in 1991. 

He
has held multiple sales management roles over the years in various large multinational pharmaceutical and biotech firms such as Sanofi
Aventis and Abbott Labs. Most recently, from January 3, 2020 to February 3, 2022, he helped launch the world s first
FDA approved treatment for Peanut allergy while working for startup Aimmune Therapeutics which was bought out by Nestle Health Sciences
in 2020. Prior to that he spent 6 years at the largest manufacturer of generic pharmaceuticals at the time Teva Pharmaceuticals based
in Israel. While at Teva, he helped grow worldwide market share of various respiratory and CNS drugs such as QVAR and AJOVY while a member
of the sales and marketing team. Mr. Dominguez has also held Series 3, 7, 24, 30 and 63 FINRA securities licenses in the past and has
5 years of experience as a retail stockbroker in the US equities market. 

57 

Richard Devlin Senior Vice President,
Secretary and General Counsel 

Since June 2020, Mr. Devlin has served as
General Counsel for the Company, and was named Secretary in February 2023. Prior to joining the Company, he represented the Company as
outside counsel beginning in 2018. In 2016, Mr. Devlin founded Forefront Legal Group, LLC, a Pennsylvania-based law firm which provides
counsel to small businesses on contractual issues, capital raising and formation. Mr. Devlin served as General Counsel of Aston Chase
from 2018 to 2019. From 2012 to 2018, he served as Vice President and Counsel for Lombard International, a private investment services
company with a 39 billion portfolio of privately placed assets. There, he assisted with structuring and providing regulatory advice regarding
managed asset accounts, mutual funds and hedge funds. Mr. Devlin has a B.S. in Finance from American University and a J.D. from the University
of Pittsburgh School of Law. 

Deniece
Ky Principal Accounting Officer 

Since
November 2020, Ms. Ky has been responsible for all our finance and accounting functions. She manages financial reporting, internal
controls and processes, corporate taxes and filings, audits, accounting and internal compliance, systems integration and prepares the
books, systems and processes to ensure IPO readiness. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Ky served as Corporate Controller of Milestone
Technologies from May 2018 through November 2020. At Milestone Technologies, Ms. Ky managed the financial processes for general
and internal accounting and was responsible for audits, statutory reporting and handling the taxes of the business. She further led a
team of individuals who were responsible for cash, job costing, expense reports, payroll and accounts payable. Ms. Ky also has nearly
four years of experience, beginning in July 2014, as the Manager of Project, General Accounting SOX PMO of Seagate Technology.
In that role, she acted as the financial project lead for SAP to Oracle R12 and Oracle 11i to R12 implementation. She also led SOX compliance
execution and provided internal controls related knowledge and guidance to SOX 404 leads. She has a BA in Business Administration, Accounting
and Finance. 

Term
of Office 

Our
directors are appointed for a one year term to hold office or until such director s successor is elected and qualified or until
such director s earlier resignation or removal in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors
and hold office until removed by the board or by the Chairman of the Board, to the extent delegated to the Chairman of the Board, subject
to their respective employment agreements, if any. 

Family
Relationships 

Silvina Moschini, the Company s President
and Chairwoman, was previously married to Alex Konanykhin, a director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, until December 2022. 

Section 16(a) Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934 requires the Company s directors and executive officers, and persons who own beneficially more than ten percent (10 of the Company s Common Stock, to file reports of ownership and changes of ownership with the SEC. Copies of all filed reports are
required to be furnished to the Company pursuant to Section 16(a). The Company and its officers and directors intend to file reports
required to be filed under Section 16(a), and are in the process of completing their initial filings of such reports. 

58 

Item
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officers paid
by us during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name And Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock 
Awards 
 Option 
Awards 
 Compensation in
Unicoin Rights 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Silvina Moschini 
 2022 
 316,000 
 75,125 
 - 
 - 
 28,646 
 120 
 419,891 

2021 
 316,009 
 70,000 
 37,619 
 3,992,130 
 - 
 540 
 4,416,298 

Alex Konanykhin 
 2022 
 316,000 
 50,125 
 - 
 - 
 28,225 
 12,466 
 406,816 

2021 
 316,911 
 70,000 
 36,225 
 41,378 
 - 
 4,655 
 469,170 

Andrew Winn 
 2022 
 200,077 
 44,125 
 2,318 
 - 
 2,073 
 29,863 
 278,456 

2021 
 219,244 
 122,500 
 227,521 
 - 
 - 
 10,204 
 579,469 

Richard Devlin 
 2022 
 160,000 
 36,279 
 48,362 
 1,756 
 1,585 
 989 
 248,971 

2021 
 157,241 
 69,223 
 208,753 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 435,217 

Deniece Ky 
 2022 
 207,500 
 37,817 
 135,808 
 - 
 1,570 
 - 
 382,695 

2021 
 183,177 
 53,000 
 38,589 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 274,766 

Alex Dominguez 
 2022 
 116,077 
 10,000 
 - 
 - 
 420,612 
 - 
 546,689 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

This information includes the dollar value
of base salaries, bonus awards and number of stock options granted, and certain other compensation, if any. The compensation
discussed addresses all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officer. 

The following table sets forth information with
respect to compensation paid by us to our directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

Director
Compensation 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Compensation in
Unicoin Rights 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Moises Vela, Jr. 
 168,000 
 - 
 - 
 1,500 
 750 
 170,250 
 
 Rosie Rios DB Red River Associates LLC 
 404,381 
 - 
 - 
 50 
 - 
 404,431 
 
 Jason Felts 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 269,903 
 - 
 269,903 
 
 Christopher Carter 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 422,355 
 - 
 422,355 

Served
 on the Board of Directors from February 2019 to July 2022 

Served on the Board of Directors from March 2021 to July 2022 

Served on the Board of Directors from August 2022 to January 2023 

59 

Employment
Agreements 

None 

Director
Compensation 

Through July 31, 2022, each member of the Board
of Directors was paid a cash payment of 3,000 per month for the first 12 months of their service as a director, 5,000 per month for
months 13 through 24, and 8,000 per month thereafter. Prior to October 9, 2020, each member of the Board of Directors was awarded options
to purchase 5,000 shares of common stock per month, and no cash payment. Beginning on August 1, 2022, each member of the Board of Directors
shall be paid one million Unicoin Rights per month. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Company currently does not have a Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors, as a whole, determines executive
compensation. 

Item
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the day of this Annual Report on
form 10-K. The information in this table provides the ownership information for: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of
more than 5 of our common stock; each of our directors; each of our executive officers; and our executive officers and directors as
a group. 

Beneficial
ownership has been determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect
to the shares. Unless otherwise indicated, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to
the number of shares indicated as beneficially owned by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Title of Class 
 # of Shares Owned (1) 
 Percent of Class (2) 
 
 Silvina Moschini 
 Common Stock 
 278,726,712 
 38.18 
 
 Alex Konanykhin 
 Common Stock 
 268,156,678 
 36.74 
 
 Christopher Carter 
 Common Stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 Andrew Winn 
 Common Stock 
 3,461,425 
 0.47 
 
 Richard Devlin 
 Common Stock 
 246,147 
 0.03 
 
 Deniece Ky 
 Common Stock 
 33,475 
 0.00 
 
 Alex Dominguez 
 Common Stock 
 226,667 
 0.03 
 
 Officer and Directors as a group 
 Common Stock 
 550,901,104 
 75.47 

(1) Beneficial ownership is determined
in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common
stock that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities
for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of any other person. 

(2) Applicable percentage ownership is based on 729,965,920 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding as of the day of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

60 

Item
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

On October 24, 2020, the Company entered
into a one-year Loan Agreement and Promissory Note Loan Agreement for 1,700 thousand with the current President of the
Company (the Borrower ). The Loan Agreement accrues interest at 3.06 per annum. The loan was collateralized by 3,400,000
shares of Company common stock owned by Ms. Moschini. Using funds provided by this loan, Ms. Moschini acquired a residential real estate
property in Miami, Florida and the Company used the property for corporate purposes. During the first half of 2021, 485 thousand of the
 1,700 principal balance was repaid through a cash payment of 200 thousand and relinquishment of 1,500,000 shares of Company common stock
valued at 0.19 per share based on a third-party valuation report. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the remaining
principal balance of 1,215 thousand was repaid through relinquishment of an additional 6,394,737 shares which were valued at 0.19 per
share based on a third-party valuation report. During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company recognized 17 thousand in interest
income related to the Loan Agreement. Upon repayment of the loan, the space reverted to Ms. Moschini s personal use. The receipt
of shares was included with repurchases of common stock in the consolidated statement of changes in stockholders equity (deficit). 

During the second half of the year ended December
31, 2022, Alex Konanykhin, CEO and a director of the Company made interest-free advances totaling 645 thousand to the Company. The 645
thousand balance as of December 31, 2022 is included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as related party loan payable.
These advances were for general corporate purposes. 

Alex Konanykhin is the Chief Executive Officer
of the Company and its subsidiaries Unicorns, SheWorks, Inc. and Yandiki, Inc. and receives payments from the Company that exceed 120
thousand during any period of twelve consecutive months, as set forth in the Summary Compensation Table, above. Mr. Konanykhin directly
owns 6.67 of Unicorns. 

Ms.
Moschini and Mr. Konanykhin have served as promoters of the Company. In exchange, Ms. Moschini received a split-adjusted 280,000,000
Founder s shares and Mr. Konanykhin received a split-adjusted 270,000,000 Founder s shares at a par value of 0.001 per share.
Both Ms. Moschini and Mr. Konanykhin render services to the Company as directors and executive officers. 

Andrew
Winn is an executive officer of the Company s subsidiary Unicorns. He directly owns 3.33 of Unicorns. 

The Company provided intercompany loans to its
subsidiary, Unicorns, to fund the production related expenses of the Unicorn Hunters show. Outstanding balances as of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 amounted to 26,395 thousand and 16,775 thousand, respectively, which accrues interest at an annual
rate of Prime +1 . 

Director
Independence 

The
majority of the members of the board of directors as currently composed do not qualify as independent in accordance with the published
listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that
a director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of the Company s employees and that neither the director, nor
any of his or her family members, has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. 

61 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 accounting fees and services 

The
following table presents fees billed for professional audit services and other services rendered to the Company by Kreit 
Chiu for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The dollar amounts in the table and accompanying footnotes are in
thousands. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 370 
 257 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 9 
 62 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees (2) 
 - 
 7 
 
 Total 
 379 
 326 

(1) 
 Audit Fees consist of fees billed for professional
 services rendered for the annual audit and quarterly reviews of the Company s consolidated financial statements, as well as
 services that generally only the Company s independent registered public accounting firm can reasonably provide, including
 statutory audits and services rendered in connection with SEC filings. 

(2) 
 Other
 Fees in 2021 consisted of advisory services provided by Kreit Chiu prior to the engagement as auditor. 

62 

PART
IV 

Item
 15. 
 ExhibitS,
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Schedules 

The
following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

a. Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

The
consolidated financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data. 

b. Financial
 Statement Schedules 

The
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial
statements and notes thereto under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

c. Exhibits 

The
exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation, dated June 22, 2015 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment, dated August 10, 2020 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment, dated October 6, 2022 
 
 10.1 
 
 TV
 Series Producer Agreement, dated February 3, 2021, by and between Unicoin Inc., Unicorns, Inc. and Alexander Konanykhin 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amendment to Share Exchange Agreement, effective on December 28, 2022, by and between Unicoin Inc., ITSQuest, Inc., Sarah Reagan and Jeff Reagan 
 
 10.5 
 
 Termination
 of the Loan Agreement and Promissory Note, dated April 28, 2021, by and between Unicoin Inc. and Silvina Moschini 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Termination of Loan Agreement and Promissory Note, dated July 2, 2021, by and between Unicoin Inc. and Silvina Moschini 
 
 10.9 
 
 Advisory
 Service Agreement dated May 1, 2021 by and between Unicoin Inc. and Red River Associates, LLC. 
 
 10.10 
 
 Board
 of Directors Services Agreement dated March 17, 2022 by and among TransparentBusiness, Inc., Rosa G. Rios and Red River Associates,
 LLC 
 
 10.11 
 
 Indemnification
 Agreement dated March 17, 2022 by and between TransparentBusiness, Inc. and Rosa G. Rios 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer Executive Officer under Section 1350 as adopted pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer under Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Previously
 filed 

63 

Item
 16. 
 fORM
 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

64 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Unicoin
 Inc. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Alex Konanykhin 

Alex
 Konanykhin 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

POWER OF
ATTORNEY 

KNOWN
BY ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that the individuals whose signatures appear below hereby constitute and appoint Alex Konanykhin
and Andrew Winn , and each of them severally, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with
full power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead in any and all capacities to sign
any and all amendments to this Annual Report and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith,
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, full power and authority to do or perform
each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or
she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or of his
substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do to cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated
on the dates indicated below. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Alex Konanykhin 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (principal executive officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Alex Konanykhin 

/s/ Andrew Winn 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Andrew Winn 

/s/ Deniece Ky 

Principal Accounting Officer 
 (principal accounting officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Deniece Ky 

/s/ Silvina Moschini 
 
 President and Chairwoman 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Silvina Moschini 

/s/ Christopher Carter 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Christopher Carter 

65 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 unicoininc_ex10-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit
10.3 

AMENDMENT
TO 

SHARE
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 

THIS
AMENDMENT TO SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (this Amendment is effective as of December 27, 2022 Effective Date by and among ITSQUEST, Inc., a New Mexico corporation Company ), the shareholders of Company, Sarah Reagan and Jeff Reagan,
(each a Shareholder, and collectively, the Shareholders ), and Unicoin Inc., a Delaware corporation formerly
known as TransparentBusiness, Inc. Unicoin ). 

WHEREAS,
the parties hereto have entered into that certain Share Exchange Agreement dated as of November 19, 2020 (the Agreement ),
into which this Amendment shall be incorporated; and 

WHEREAS,
the parties wish to amend the Agreement as set forth herein. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties
agree as follows: 

1. 
 Shares
 Held in Reserve. 

Notwithstanding
Section 1(b) of the Agreement, Unicoin agrees to release from reserve one million five hundred thousand (1,500,000) shares of Unicoin
common stock, thereby reducing the number of shares held in reserve pursuant to Section 1(b) to two million (2,000,000), and issue the
released shares to the Shareholders upon execution of this Amendment, as follows: 

Jeff
 Reagan 
 
 735,000
 Shares 

Sarah
 Reagan 
 
 765,000
 Shares 

Schedule
A to the Agreement is hereby revised accordingly, and Schedule A attached hereto shall replace the existing Schedule A to the Agreement. 

2. 
 Contingent
 Divestiture. 

The
first paragraph of Section 2 is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 

In
the event that (i) Unicoin does not conduct a registered public offering of its Common Stock in which the Unicoin Shares issued to Company
pursuant to this Agreement are registered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission and listed for trading on a national securities
exchange in the United States, with an initial listing price of at least ten Dollars 10.00) per share, or (ii) Unicoin s proposed
security tokens Unicoins do not become tokenized and listed on an available Alternative Trading System or cryptocurrency
exchange (whichever is applicable), with a quoted price at or above 1.00 per token at any time on or before December 31, 2024 (the Trigger
Event ), then: 

The
remainder of Section 2 shall remain in effect, unmodified by this Amendment. 

3. 
 Consideration 

In
consideration of the foregoing, Unicoin shall issue rights to receive ten million (10,000,000) Unicoin security tokens to each of the
Shareholders, (for an aggregate of 20,000,000 unicoin rights to the Shareholders, collectively) upon execution of this Amendment. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 

ITSQUEST,
 INC. 
 
 UNICOIN
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jeff Reagan 
 12/28/2022 
 
 /s/
 Andrew Winn 
 12/27/2022 
 
 Name: 
 Jeff
 Reagan 
 
 Andrew
 Winn, 

Title: 
 President 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

SHAREHOLDERS 

/s/
 Jeff Reagan 
 12/28/2022 

Jeff
 Reagan 

/s/
 Sarah Reagan 
 12/28/2022 

Sarah
 Reagan 

2 

SCHEDULE
A 

Shareholder 
 Shares
 of Company Owned 
 as of the Date of Execution 
 of this Agreement 
 Shares
 of Unicoin Inc. to 
 be Acquired Pursuant to 
 the Exchange 
 Contemplated by 
 this Agreement 
 Shares
 of Unicoin Inc. 
 Subject to Escrow 
 
 Jeff
 Reagan 
 49,000 
 4,900,000 
 980,000 
 
 Sarah
 Reagan 
 51,000 
 5,100,000 
 1,020,000 

Sch A- 1 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 unicoininc_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 

 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

I,
Alex Konanykhin, Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of Unicoin Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

/s/
 Alex Konanykhin 

Alex Konanykhin, Chief
 Executive Officer 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 unicoininc_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 

 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

I,
Andrew Winn, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Unicoin Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

/s/
 Andrew Winn 

Andrew Winn, Chief Financial
 Officer 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 unicoininc_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, AS 

 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Unicoin Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Alex Konanykhin, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best
of my knowledge and belief: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company. 

/s/
 Alex Konanykhin 

Alex Konanykhin, Chief
 Executive Officer 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 unicoininc_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, AS 

 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Unicoin Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Andrew Winn, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best
of my knowledge and belief: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company. 

/s/
 Andrew Winn 

Andrew Winn, Chief Financial
 Officer 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cik0001740742-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cik0001740742-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cik0001740742-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cik0001740742-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

