<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_1128928_0000950170-23-003619.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>38207738</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>438224</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5699009</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>18163006</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4455368</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8528105</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-003619.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222110330
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-003619
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		179
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLOWERS FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001128928
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				582582379
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16247
		FILM NUMBER:		23651135

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1919 FLOWERS CIRCLE
		CITY:			THOMASVILLE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31757
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9122269110

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1919 FLOWERS CIRCLE
		CITY:			THOMASVILLE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31757

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-003619.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 flo-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

, 0.01 par value 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on July 16, 2022, was . 
 The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding as o f February 16, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Auditor Firm Id: 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

FORM 10-K REPORT 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 21 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 24 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 42 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 42 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 43 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 43 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 44 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 44 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 44 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 45 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 45 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 50 

Signatures 
 51 

1 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 Statements contained in this filing and certain other written or oral statements made from time to time by Flowers Foods, Inc. (the company , Flowers Foods , Flowers , us , we , or our and its representatives that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements relate to current expectations regarding our future financial condition and results of operations and are often identified by the use of words and phrases such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, predict, project, should, will, would, is likely to, is expected to or will continue, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions we believe are reasonable. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on current information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected. Certain factors that may cause actual results, performance, liquidity, and achievements to differ materially from those projected are discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K and may include, but are not limited to: 
 unexpected changes in any of the following: (i) general economic and business conditions; (ii) the competitive setting in which we operate, including advertising or promotional strategies by us or our competitors, as well as changes in consumer demand; (iii) interest rates and other terms available to us on our borrowings; (iv) supply chain conditions and any related impact on energy and raw materials costs and availability and hedging counter-party risks; (v) relationships with or increased costs related to our employees and third-party service providers; (vi) laws and regulations (including environmental and health-related issues); and (vii) accounting standards or tax rates in the markets in which we operate; 

the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and future responses and/or measures taken in response thereto, including, but not limited to, new and emerging variants of the virus and the efficacy and distribution of vaccines, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict; 

the loss or financial instability of any significant customer(s), including as a result of product recalls or safety concerns related to our products; 

changes in consumer behavior, trends and preferences, including health and whole grain trends, and the movement toward less expensive store branded products; 

the level of success we achieve in developing and introducing new products and entering new markets; 

our ability to implement new technology and customer requirements as required; 

our ability to operate existing, and any new, manufacturing lines according to schedule; 

our ability to implement and achieve our environmental, social, and governance goals in accordance with regulatory requirements and expectations of stakeholders, suppliers, and customers; 

our ability to execute our business strategies which may involve, among other things, (i) the ability to realize the intended benefits of planned or contemplated acquisitions, dispositions or joint ventures, (ii) the deployment of new systems (e.g., our enterprise resource planning ERP system), distribution channels and technology, and (iii) an enhanced organizational structure; 

consolidation within the baking industry and related industries; 

changes in pricing, customer and consumer reaction to pricing actions (including decreased volumes), and the pricing environment among competitors within the industry; 

our ability to adjust pricing to offset, or partially offset, inflationary pressure on the cost of our products, including ingredient and packaging costs; 

disruptions in our direct-store-delivery distribution model, including litigation or an adverse ruling by a court or regulatory or governmental body that could affect the independent contractor classifications of the independent distributor partners; 

increasing legal complexity and legal proceedings that we are or may become subject to; 

labor shortages and turnover or increases in employee and employee-related costs; 

the credit, business, and legal risks associated with independent distributor partners and customers, which operate in the highly competitive retail food and foodservice industries; 

any business disruptions due to political instability, pandemics, armed hostilities (including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine), incidents of terrorism, natural disasters, labor strikes or work stoppages, technological breakdowns, 

2 

product contamination, product recalls or safety concerns related to our products, or the responses to or repercussions from any of these or similar events or conditions and our ability to insure against such events; 

the failure of our information technology IT systems to perform adequately, including any interruptions, intrusions, cyber-attacks or security breaches of such systems or risks associated with the planned implementation of the upgrade of our ERP system; and 

the potential impact of climate change on the company, including physical and transition risks, availability or restriction of resources, higher regulatory and compliance costs, reputational risks, and availability of capital on attractive terms. 

The foregoing list of important factors does not include all such factors, nor necessarily present them in order of importance. In addition, you should consult other disclosures made by the company (such as in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or in company press releases) for other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected by the company. Refer to Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors , of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding factors that could affect the company s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 We caution you not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, as they speak only as of the date made and are inherently uncertain. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise or update such statements, except as required by law. You are advised, however, to consult any further public disclosures by the company (such as in our filings with the SEC or in company press releases) on related subjects. 
 We own or have rights to trademarks or trade names that we use in connection with the operation of our business, including our corporate names, logos and website names. In addition, we own or have the rights to copyrights, trade secrets and other proprietary rights that protect the content of our products and the formulations for such products. Solely for convenience, some of the trademarks, trade names and copyrights referred to in this Form 10-K are listed without the , and symbols, but we will assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to our trademarks, trade names and copyrights. 
 3 

PART I 
 Item 1.	 B usiness 
 The Company 
 Flowers Foods, Inc. (which we reference to herein as we, our, us, the company, Flowers or Flowers Foods ), founded in 1919 as a Georgia corporation and headquartered in Thomasville, Georgia, is currently the second-largest producer and marketer of packaged bakery foods in the United States U.S. ). Our principal products include breads, buns, rolls, snack cakes, and tortillas and are sold under a variety of brand names, including Nature s Own, Dave s Killer Bread DKB ), Wonder, Canyon Bakehouse, Tastykake, and Mrs. Freshley s. Our brands are among the best known in the baking industry. Many of our brands have a major presence in the product categories in which they compete. 
 Flowers strategic priorities include developing our team, focusing on our brands, prioritizing our margins, and proactively seeking out smart, disciplined acquisitions and are described further in the following section. We believe executing on our strategic priorities will drive future growth and margin expansion and deliver meaningful shareholder value over time. 
 Current Inflationary Economic Environment, Other Macroeconomic Factors, and COVID-19 
 We continue to monitor the impact of the inflationary economic environment, supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Our results for Fiscal 2022 continued to benefit from a more optimized sales mix of branded retail products as compared to pre-pandemic periods. Remote and hybrid-work arrangements spurred by the pandemic endured in Fiscal 2022 which resulted in greater at-home food consumption than in pre-pandemic periods. We experienced significant input cost inflation for commodities and transportation, and, to a lesser extent, for labor in the current year which partially offset this benefit. To mitigate the ongoing cost pressures, we implemented price increases in Fiscal 2022 and in early Fiscal 2023. 
 
 Additionally, in the latter half of the first quarter and into the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, we experienced heightened supply chain disruptions which impacted our ability to procure adequate quantities of certain raw materials and particularly packaging items, resulting in lower production volumes. Although we were able to mitigate these packaging shortages earlier than originally anticipated, our operating results were negatively impacted. These and other supply chain disruptions could continue to negatively impact production volumes due to uncertainty in the global and U.S. supply chain. While the conflict between Russia and Ukraine has not impacted us directly, we are closely monitoring its effects on the broader economy, including on the availability and price of commodities used in or for the production of our products. Disruptions in our operations, related to factors including, but not limited to, the procurement of raw materials and packaging items, transport of our products, and available workforce, have negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, our operations, results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity. 
 
 Labor shortages and turnover at some of our bakeries in Fiscal 2022 and 2021 hampered production levels. These and other factors, including, but not limited to, high employment rates and additional government regulations, may continue to adversely affect labor availability and labor costs. These challenges may negatively affect our ability to operate our production lines efficiently or run at full capacity which could lead to increased labor costs, including additional overtime to meet demand and higher wage rates to attract and retain workers. An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, or increased turnover could have a material adverse impact on the company s operations, results of operations, liquidity, or cash flows. 
 
 Our operations may continue to experience disruption due to the continued uncertainty caused by the pandemic, including, but not limited to, additional variants of the COVID-19 virus, new geographic hotspots, changes in the number of COVID-19 cases, the rate of vaccination within the U.S. population, the efficacy, or lack thereof, of the vaccines, changes in the global and U.S. economic environment, supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, and changes in pandemic safety policies. Our main focus throughout the pandemic has been and continues to be the health and safety of our team members and independent distributor partners. We continue to follow the COVID-19 guidance of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). 
 
 We believe we have sufficient liquidity to satisfy our cash needs and we continue to execute on our strategic priorities, including our transformation strategy initiatives. The company completed the acquisition of the Papa Pita Bakery business Papa Pita on February 17, 2023 as further discussed below. We funded the purchase price with cash on-hand and from our senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the credit facility ). The credit facility is variable rate debt and exposes the company to greater interest rate risk. 
 For additional discussion on the impact of macroeconomic factors and the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, refer to Part II, Item 7., Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , of this Form 10-K. 
 4 

Strategic Initiatives 
 We are a brand-focused company dedicated to the consumer and committed to growing our most profitable brands through innovation, market expansion, and prudent mergers and acquisitions M A ). Our strategic priorities and our long-term goals are as follows: 
 Strategic Priorities: 
 Develop team: Capabilities to build brands and create value. 

Focus on brands: Enhance relevancy and expand presence. Invest in our brands to align with consumers to maximize our return on investment. 

Prioritize margins: Optimize the portfolio and supply chain. 

Smart M A: Disciplined approach to acquisitions in the grain-based foods arena that enhance our branded portfolio and margin profile. 

Long-term Goals: 
 Grow sales by 1 to 2 annually (excluding any future acquisitions). 

Grow EBITDA by 4 to 6 annually (excluding any future acquisitions) (The company defines EBITDA as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.). 

Grow earnings per share by 7 to 9 annually. 

The key to our success in achieving our goals is our talented and dedicated team. We recognize the importance of investing in our people as further discussed in the Human Capital Resources section below, which details how we attract, retain, and develop our team. Additionally, we recognize the importance of realigning people and responsibilities in successfully implementing our long-term strategies. This realignment can take the form of organizational changes or providing crucial tools, including investments in our information systems. Our cross-functional transformation office is responsible for overseeing the implementation of our strategic priorities, including our digital and ERP initiatives, which are discussed in more detail under the Transformation Strategy Initiatives section below. 
 A major focus of our long-term strategy is to evolve our sales portfolio to higher margin, value-added branded retail products that we expect will generate top line growth and improve overall profitability. We expect an optimized portfolio will drive share gains by targeting growth segments with new, innovative products. We have established clear roles for the brands and product lines within our portfolio to enable more targeted decision-making on brand investment. Over the past several years, we have completed brand rationalization initiatives resulting in a more streamlined brand and product assortment, and reduced brand portfolio complexity. In Fiscal 2020, our sales mix shifted to more profitable branded retail products due to increases in at-home dining resulting from COVID-19, which led to increased sales and operating income, further illustrating the potential of an optimized portfolio. Remote and hybrid-work arrangements spurred by the pandemic endured through Fiscal 2022 which resulted in continued greater at-home food consumption as compared to pre-pandemic periods and a more optimized sales mix. 
 As we implement our targeted sales portfolio strategy, the flexibility of our production and distribution systems allows us to pivot capacity to meet this changing demand. For example, in Fiscal 2022, we increased production capacity for our organic products by adding a production line at our Henderson, Nevada bakery to better serve the West Coast market. Additionally, we ceased production at our Phoenix, Arizona bakery, an older, less efficient bakery that produced traditional bread and bun products. Also, we believe our flexible bakery system allows us to quickly shift production to high demand products and adjust distribution where needed. We are continuing to optimize our distribution system by reducing network complexity through depot consolidation and reducing transport miles. 
 M A has always been, and we expect will continue to be, an important part of our long-term growth strategy. We employ a disciplined approach to M A, seeking out candidates primarily in the grain-based foods arena that will enhance our branded portfolio, extend our geographic presence, are a strong cultural fit, and add enhanced capabilities to our company. We believe our strong balance sheet and cash flow generation enables us to execute our M A strategy and on February 17, 2023, we completed the purchase of Papa Pita, a manufacturer and distributor of bagels, tortillas, breads, buns, English muffins, and flat breads. Founded in 1983, Papa Pita operates one production facility in West Jordan, Utah. 
 5 

Transformation Strategy Initiatives 
 In the second half of Fiscal 2020, we launched initiatives to transform our business operations. The primary goals of these new initiatives are: (1) enable a more agile business model, empowering the organization by fundamentally redesigning core business processes and our ways of working; (2) embed digital capabilities and transform the way we engage with our consumers, customers and employees; and (3) modernize and simplify our application and technology infrastructure landscape, inclusive of the upgrade of our ERP system. 
 Digital Strategy Initiatives 
 Our digital strategy initiatives include investments in digital domains of e-commerce, autonomous planning, bakery of the future, digital logistics, and digital sales. In e-commerce, we strive to become a category and market share leader, engage with the consumer through digital platforms and marketplaces, and support our retail partners omnichannel strategies. The autonomous planning domain encompasses predictive ordering, cost-to-serve modeling, integrated business planning, and supply and demand forecasting, among other areas. Bakery of the future involves transforming our current manufacturing processes and operational visibility to apply industry-leading digital manufacturing tools, such as real-time performance management and visibility, automation of repetitive processes, standardization of processes and procedures, and sensor-based quality monitoring tools to improve consistency and quality. Digital logistics includes real-time operational visibility, improving our routing efficiency, and automating the freight bill pay audit process. Finally, digital sales focuses on improving our sales execution through new data and insights, improved visibility to in-store activities, streamlined reporting and dashboards, and improved collaboration tools across our sales ecosystem. 
 These digital domains are expected to improve data visibility and efficiencies while automating many of our processes. When fully implemented, we expect this work will further our brand efforts, bring us ever closer to the consumer, increase operational efficiencies, and deliver higher-quality, real-time insights, which will in turn enable more predictive business decision-making. We transitioned into the implementation phase for the e-commerce, autonomous planning, and bakery of the future domains and selected two bakeries for the pilot program for bakery of the future and autonomous planning in Fiscal 2021. To date, we have rolled out supply chain-focused domains to more than thirteen bakeries and plan to continue to invest in these new ways of working. 
 ERP Upgrade 
 This initiative includes upgrading our information system platform and is expected to improve data management and efficiencies while automating many of our processes. We completed the initial planning and road mapping phase of this multi-year initiative at the end of Fiscal 2020, then transitioned into the design phase in early Fiscal 2021 and the build phase at the beginning of Fiscal 2022. During the first quarter of Fiscal 2021, we engaged a leading, global consulting firm to assist us in planning and implementing the upgrade of our ERP platform and serve as the system integrator for the project. 
 We expect the transformation strategy initiatives to require significant capital investment and expense over the next several years. We currently anticipate the upgrade of our ERP system will cost approximately 350 million (of which approximately 32 has been or is anticipated to be capitalized) and anticipate the upgrade to be completed in 2026. Previously, these costs were estimated to be approximately 275 million. The increase in estimated costs resulted from expanding the project scope and anticipation of greater reliance on external resources for bakery deployments due to labor constraints. As of December 31, 2022, we have incurred costs related to the project of approximately 153 million. Costs related to the digital initiatives are more fluid and cannot be estimated. See Item 1A., Risk Factors , We may experience difficulties in designing and implementing the upgrade of our ERP system. 
 Segment 
 Since the beginning of Fiscal 2019, we have managed our business as one operating segment. The company concluded it has one operating segment based on the nature of the products the company sells, its intertwined production and distribution model, the internal management structure and information that is regularly reviewed by the chief executive officer CEO ), who is the chief operating decision maker, for the purpose of assessing performance and allocating resources. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for detailed financial information about our operating segment. 
 6 

Brands Products 
 We report our sales as Branded Retail and Other. The Other category includes store branded retail, foodservice, restaurant, institutional, vending, thrift stores, and contract manufacturing. In Fiscal 2022, Branded Retail sales represented 65.3 of our total sales. 

Our brands are some of the best-known in the U.S. fresh packaged bread industry and many of them hold leading market positions in the categories in which they compete. We believe having a well-diversified portfolio of brands allows us to be more competitive in the marketplace and appeal to a broader range of consumers. Our principal products are breads, buns, rolls, snack items, and tortillas. The table below presents the major brands within our diversified brand portfolio: 

Strategic Positioning 
 
 Key Brands 

Mainstream 
 
 Nature's Own, Wonder, Tastykake 

Organic 
 
 Dave's Killer Bread 

Gluten Free 
 
 Canyon Bakehouse 

Brand Highlights 
 Nature s Own is the best-selling loaf bread in the U.S. Nature s Own s sales, at estimated retail, were 1.4 billion for Fiscal 2022. 

Nature s Own Honey Wheat is the #1 Universal Product Code UPC in the U.S. Fresh Packaged Bread category based on dollars and units. Nature s Own Butterbread is the #2 UPC in the loaf category based on dollars and units. (Source: IRI Total US MultiOutlet+C-Store L52 Weeks Ending 1/1/23 

DKB is the #1 selling organic brand in the U.S. and the company s #2 brand, with the top-selling organic brand in four different segments. (Loaf, Bagels, Breakfast Bread, and English Muffins). (Source: IRI Total US MultiOutlet+C-Store L52 Weeks Ending 1/1/23 DKB s sales, at estimated retail, were 965 million for Fiscal 2022. 

Canyon Bakehouse, acquired at the end of Fiscal 2018, is the #1 selling gluten-free bread brand in the U.S. (Source: IRI Total US MultiOutlet+C-Store L52 Weeks Ending 1/1/23 Canyon Bakehouse s sales, at estimated retail, were 159 million for Fiscal 2022. 

Wonder , over 100 years old, enjoys 94 brand awareness (Source: Kantar Brand Health Tracking Study - Summer 2022 ). Wonder s Classic White loaf is the #2 UPC in the white loaf segment based on dollars and units in the U.S. Wonder s sales, at estimated retail, were 484 million for Fiscal 2022 (Source: IRI Total US MultiOutlet+C-Store L52 Weeks Ending 1/1/23 

In Fiscal 2022, we introduced Nature's Own Hawaiian loaf bread, Nature's Own Perfectly Crafted Sourdough loaf bread, DKB Organic Everything Bread, and Canyon Bakehouse Gluten-Free Brioche and Hawaiian dinner roll varieties, among other new products. Additionally, in Fiscal 2022, we introduced new varieties of DKB Organic Snack Bars, including protein bars, and, in December announced the nationwide rollout of three varieties of the DKB Organic Snack Bars. Previously, the DKB bars were only available for purchase in certain test markets or from our consumer testing website - www.creationsbyflowersfoods.com . In early Fiscal 2023, we launched DKB Crunchy Snack Bites in test markets. The DKB snack bars and snack bites are part of an initiative to extend our presence beyond the traditional bread category and into the snacking category. 
 Our brands and products are sold through various channels throughout the U.S. These channels include supermarkets, drugstores, mass merchandisers, discount stores, club stores, convenience stores, thrift outlet stores, and foodservice, among others. 
 Marketing 
 We support our key brands with an advertising and marketing effort that targets consumers through electronic and in-store coupons, social media (such as Facebook and Twitter), digital media (including e-newsletters to consumers), websites (our brand sites and third-party sites), event and sports marketing, on-package promotional offers and sweepstakes, and print advertising. When appropriate, we may join other sponsors with promotional tie-ins. We often focus our marketing efforts on specific products and holidays, such as hamburger and hot dog bun sales during Memorial Day, the Fourth of July, and Labor Day, and snack cakes for specific seasons. Additionally, we have made and are continuing to make marketing investments to target e-commerce sales as consumers shift to more online shopping alternatives, such as grocery delivery sites, retailer websites and apps, among others. 
 7 

Customers 
 Our top 10 customers in Fiscal 2022 accounted for 54.5 of sales. During Fiscal 2022, our largest customer, Walmart/Sam s Club, represented 21.7 of the company s sales. The loss of, or a material negative change in our relationship with, Walmart/Sam s Club or any other major customer could have a material adverse effect on our business. Walmart/Sam s Club was the only customer to account for 10 or more of our sales during Fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Fresh baked foods customers include mass merchandisers, supermarkets and other retailers, restaurants, quick-serve chains, food wholesalers, institutions, dollar stores, and vending companies. We also sell returned and surplus product through a system of thrift stores. The company currently operates 238 such stores and reported sales of 64.5 million during Fiscal 2022 from these outlets. 
 We also (1) supply national and regional restaurants, institutions and foodservice distributors, and retail in-store bakeries with breads and rolls; (2) sell packaged bakery products to wholesale distributors for ultimate sale to a wide variety of food outlets; and (3) sell packaged snack cakes primarily to customers who distribute them nationwide through multiple channels of distribution, including mass merchandisers, supermarkets, vending outlets and convenience stores. In certain circumstances, we enter into co-packing arrangements with retail customers or other food companies, some of which are competitors. Although we service public health care, military commissaries, and prisons, among other governmental institutions, we do not have any material government contracts. 
 Distribution 
 We distribute our products through a direct-store-delivery DSD distribution system and a warehouse delivery system. The DSD distribution system involves aggregating order levels and delivering products from bakeries to independent distributors for sale and direct delivery to customer stores. The independent distributors are responsible for ordering products, stocking shelves, maintaining special displays, and developing and maintaining good customer relations to ensure adequate inventory and removing unsold goods. The warehouse delivery system involves primarily delivering our products to customers warehouses. 
 The company has sold the majority of the distribution rights to market certain brands within a geographic territory to independent distributors under long-term financing arrangements. Independent distributors, highly motivated by financial incentives from their distribution rights ownership, strive to increase sales within their defined geographic territory by offering outstanding service and merchandising. 
 Our DSD distribution system is comprised of three types of territories: (1) independent distributor-owned and operated territories (independent distributors own the rights to distribute certain brands of our fresh packaged bakery foods in defined geographic markets); (2) distribution rights that are classified as available for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets; and (3) other company operated territories. The table below presents the approximate number of territories used by the company as of December 31, 2022: 

Type of territory 
 
 Number of territories 

Independent distributor-owned and operated territories 

5,137 

Territories classified as available for sale 

507 

Other company operated territories 

143 

Total territories 

5,787 

Our warehouse distribution system delivers a portion of our packaged bakery snack products from a central distribution facility located near our Crossville, Tennessee snack cake bakery. We believe this centralized distribution system allows us to achieve both production and distribution efficiencies. Products coming from different bakeries are then cross-docked and shipped directly to customers warehouses nationwide. Our frozen bread and roll products are shipped to various outside freezer facilities for distribution to our customers. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We own many trademarks, trade names, patents, and licenses. The company also sells products under franchised and licensed trademarks and trade names which we do not own pursuant to contractual arrangements. We consider our trademarks and trade names important to our business since we use them to build strong brand awareness and consumer loyalty. 
 8 

Raw Materials 
 Our primary baking ingredients are flour, sweeteners, shortening, yeast and water. We also purchase organic and gluten-free ingredients. We also use paper products, such as corrugated containers, folding cartons, films and plastics to package our bakery foods. We strive to maintain diversified sources for all of our baking ingredients and packaging products. In addition, we are dependent on natural gas or propane as fuel for firing our ovens. 
 Prices of ingredients and packaging materials fluctuate and we continually monitor these markets. Ingredient and packaging costs are currently experiencing significant volatility. The cost of these inputs has fluctuated widely, and may continue to do so, due to government policy and regulation, weather conditions, domestic and international supply and demand, global logistics dynamics, or other unforeseen circumstances. We enter into forward purchase agreements and other derivative financial instruments in an effort to manage the impact of such volatility in raw material prices, but some organic and specialty ingredients do not offer the same hedging opportunities to reduce the impact of price volatility. Any decrease in the supply available under these agreements and instruments could increase the effective price of these raw materials to us and significantly impact our earnings. 
 Regulations 
 As a producer and marketer of food items, our operations are subject to regulation by various federal governmental agencies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the U.S. Department of Commerce, and the U.S. Department of Labor (the DOL ). We also are subject to the regulations of various state agencies, with respect to production processes, product quality, packaging, labeling, storage, distribution, labor, and local regulations regarding the licensing of bakeries and the enforcement of state standards and facility inspections. Under various statutes and regulations, these federal and state agencies prescribe requirements and establish standards for quality, purity, and labeling. Failure to comply with one or more regulatory requirements could result in a variety of sanctions, including monetary fines or compulsory withdrawal of products from store shelves. 
 Advertising of our brands is subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission, and we are subject to certain health and safety regulations, including those issued under the Occupational Safety and Health Act. 
 The cost of compliance with such laws and regulations has not had a material adverse effect on the company s business. We believe we are currently in substantial compliance with all material federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting the company and its properties. 
 Our operations, like those of similar businesses, are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations with respect to environmental matters, including air and water quality and underground fuel storage tanks, as well as other regulations intended to protect public health and the environment. The company is not a party to any material proceedings arising under these laws and regulations. We believe compliance with existing environmental laws and regulations will not materially affect the Consolidated Financial Statements or the competitive position of the company. The company is currently in substantial compliance with all material environmental laws and regulations affecting the company and its properties. 
 9 

Competitive Overview 
 The U.S. market for fresh and frozen bakery products is estimated at 47 billion at retail. This category is intensely competitive and has continued to experience consolidation. Flowers Foods is currently the second-largest company in the U.S. fresh baking industry based on market share as presented in the following chart (amounts may not compute due to rounding). (Source: IRI Flowers custom database, 52 weeks ending 1/1/23 ): 

The current competitive landscape for breads and rolls in the U.S. baking industry consists of Bimbo Bakeries USA (BBU), Flowers Foods, and Campbell Soup Company, under the Pepperidge Farm brand, along with a number of smaller independent regional bakers, local bakeries, and retailer-owned bakeries. 
 Some of these smaller regional bakers do not enjoy the competitive advantages of larger operations, including greater brand awareness and economies of scale in purchasing, distribution, production, IT, advertising and marketing. However, size alone is not sufficient to ensure success in our industry. The company faces significant competition from regional and independent bakeries in certain geographic areas. 
 Competition in the baking industry continues to be driven by a number of factors, including the ability to serve retail and foodservice customers, generational changes in family-owned businesses, and competitors promotional efforts on branded bread and store brands. Competition typically is based on the ability to target changing consumer preferences, product availability (including through e-commerce channels), product quality, brand loyalty, price, and effective promotions. Customer service, including frequent deliveries to keep store shelves well-stocked, is also a competitive factor. 
 The company also faces competition from store brands that are produced either by us or our competitors. Store brands (also known as private label have been offered by food retailers for decades. With the growth of mass merchandisers like Walmart and the ongoing consolidation of regional supermarkets into larger operations, store brands have become a significant competitor to the company in those areas where the company does not have the contract to produce the store brand. The store brand share of retail fresh packaged bread in the U.S. accounts for approximately 20 of the dollar sales and approximately 30 of unit sales. Its dollar share had been steadily declining over the past seven years, however this trend reversed in Fiscal 2022. 
 10 

Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022 Flowers and its subsidiaries had approximately 9,200 employees located throughout the U.S. and approximately 4,100 long-term leased employees. Approximately 930 employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements and there are no material outstanding labor disputes. 
 Our legacy of excellence is built on 100+ years of hard work by thousands of Flowers team members. As W.H. Flowers, Jr. said, The key to any enterprise or goal is people. People of character, people of integrity, people who don t mind working and taking advantage of their opportunity. We continue to strive toward a people-centric legacy by implementing initiatives that enhance the lives of every employee. 
 Flowers aims to attract a qualified workforce through an inclusive and accessible recruiting process that utilizes online recruiting platforms, campus outreach, apprenticeships, internships, and job fairs. In 2023, we plan to advance our partnership with the Thurgood Marshall College Fund by leveraging its Talent Sourcing program in our recruiting efforts. 
 Flowers is also a proud second chance employer for individuals impacted by the criminal justice system, furthering the commitment that began when we acquired the DKB brand in Fiscal 2015. At Flowers, we have implemented recruitment initiatives at our bakeries to attract and retain ex-offenders. 
 In addition, Flowers is a long-time supporter of causes that support U.S. veterans and their families. Since 2018, through our Wonder and Tastykake brands, we have partnered with the USO to help provide a variety of programs that keep service members and their families connected. Through this partnership, we have donated more than 1.8 million to the USO and some of our marketing campaigns and packaging tie-ins recognize the service and sacrifices of the military. Presently, Flowers employs more than 530 veterans. 
 Flowers offers team members competitive wages, benefits, and training opportunities, while also promoting a safe and healthy workplace. The company provides its employees with resources to enhance their skills and careers, including: 
 Promoting education and development by investing in our internal Learning Management System in Fiscal 2022 and 2023. 

Providing a range of formal and informal learning programs designed to help employees continuously develop skills throughout their careers. Programs available at our bakeries include Skillsoft online learning and a Mentor Up Mentoring Program. 

Offering a variety of programs that contribute to our leadership, training and development goals, including the Flowers Front-Line Leadership Program, Lead Now for leaders at all levels, and Leading The Flowers Way for our high potential leaders. 

Encouraging employees to discuss their professional development during annual performance reviews with their supervisors. 

Offering Career Conversations training for supervisory employees to discuss career pathing and employee development. 

In Fiscal 2022, we hired a dedicated resource to lead our diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE I) efforts. To foster a greater culture of inclusion, during Fiscal 2022, Flowers' corporate employees and certain bakery employees received DE I awareness training. In Fiscal 2023, Flowers intends to continue its development of DE I training for its workforce. The company s board of directors (the Board or Board of Directors receives regular updates from management on our inclusion and diversity efforts. 
 Additionally, we regularly conduct anonymous surveys to capture feedback from our team members on a variety of topics, including, but not limited to, confidence in company leadership, competitiveness of our compensation and benefits package, career growth opportunities and how we can make our company an employer of choice. The results are shared with our team members and reviewed by senior leadership, who seek to analyze areas of opportunity and prioritize actions and activities in response to the feedback to drive meaningful change in our overall employee experience. As an example, our leadership team approved the implementation of a self-managed time-off policy for those at the director and above level as a result of survey feedback. 
 Total Rewards 
 We have a demonstrated history of investing in our workforce by providing competitive wages and benefits. Our benefits package includes: 
 comprehensive health insurance coverage to employees working 30 hours or more each week; 

parental leave to all new parents for birth, adoption or foster placement; 

11 

short-term disability to provide wage protection for up to six months; 

a tuition reimbursement program; and 

a 401(k) plan (certain union-affiliated employees participate in a company-sponsored pension or multi-employer plan) with generous company match. 

We believe that because employees drive our success, they should share in that success. In addition to competitive wages and benefits, when annual company goals are met, eligible team members at all levels are rewarded with a bonus. Furthermore, in recognition and support of our frontline workers, we paid a total of 5.2 million of appreciation bonuses to eligible hourly and non-exempt employees, leased labor, and contract workers in Fiscal 2021. These appreciation bonuses were in addition to the company s annual performance-based cash incentive plan, in which all Flowers employees participate. 
 Other Available Information 
 Throughout this Form 10-K, we incorporate by reference information from parts of other documents filed with the SEC. The SEC allows us to disclose important information by referring to it in this manner, and you should review this information in addition to the information contained in this report. 
 
 Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and proxy statement for the annual shareholders meeting, as well as any amendments to those reports, are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file them with the SEC. You can learn more about us by reviewing our SEC filings on our website at www.flowersfoods.com in the REPORTS FILINGS section of the INVESTORS tab. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and other information about SEC registrants, including the company. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, the information contained on our website is neither included nor incorporated by reference herein. 
 The following corporate governance documents may be obtained free of charge through our website in the CORPORATE GOVERNANCE section of the INVESTORS tab or by sending a written request to Flowers Foods, Inc., 1919 Flowers Circle, Thomasville, GA 31757, Attention: Investor Relations. 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines 

Finance Committee Charter 

Audit Committee Charter 

Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Charter 

Compensation and Human Capital Committee Charter 

Flowers Foods Employee Code of Conduct 

Political Contribution and Activity Policy 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Disclosure Policy 

Stock Ownership Guidelines 

Item 1A.	Ri sk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the other information included in this report, in considering our business and prospects. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. These risk factors are not listed in any order of significance. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem insignificant, may also impair our business operations. The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations. 
 Operational Risks 
 Economic conditions may negatively impact demand for our products, which could adversely impact our sales and operating profit. 
 The willingness of our customers and consumers to purchase our products may depend in part on economic conditions. Worsening economic conditions or future challenges to economic growth could have a negative impact on consumer demand, which could adversely 
 12 

affect our business. Deterioration of national and global economic conditions could cause consumers to shift purchases to more generic, lower-priced, or other value offerings, or consumers may forego certain purchases altogether during economic downturns and could result in decreased demand in the foodservice business. This economic uncertainty may increase pressure to reduce the prices of some of our products, limit our ability to increase or maintain prices, and reduce sales of higher margin products or shift our product mix to low-margin products. 
 In addition, changes in tax or interest rates, whether due to recession, efforts to combat inflation, financial and credit market disruptions or other reasons, could negatively impact us. 
 The extent to which the outbreak of the novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 and measures taken in response thereto, including any new and emerging variants of the virus and the efficacy and distribution of vaccines, may impact our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict. 
 COVID-19 has spread throughout the world, including the U.S., and has resulted in governmental and other regulatory authorities throughout the U.S. implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus and any variants of the virus. These measures have impacted and may further impact the consumer, our workforce and operations, as well as the workforce, operations and financial prospects of our customers, vendors and suppliers. There is considerable uncertainty regarding such measures and potential future measures. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices and we may take further actions as may be required by governmental and other regulatory authorities or as we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, vendors and suppliers. We can provide no assurance that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus or will otherwise be satisfactory to governmental authorities. 
 
 COVID-19 has had, and will continue to have, a widespread and broad-reaching effect on the economy and our business. Some of the impacts our business has experienced, is experiencing or may experience as a result of COVID-19 include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 We experienced a favorable shift in sales mix to our branded retail products as compared to pre-pandemic periods due to the change in consumer buying patterns as a result of COVID-19, which positively impacted our business operations, including our sales, operating income and cash flows; 

Consumer fears about contracting the disease have altered preferences and spending habits, including significant increases in purchases of fresh and frozen breads during the pendency of quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and other shutdowns; and these trends have moderated in recent periods, which could negatively affect our performance in future periods as compared to prior periods if consumers were to purchase fewer products from us; 

We have experienced, and may experience in the future, temporary facility closures or partial shutdowns in response to government mandates in certain jurisdictions in which we operate and in response to positive diagnoses for COVID-19 in certain facilities for the safety of our employees; 

Our distribution networks, including our DSD distribution system and our warehouse delivery system, where we manage our inventory, or the operations of our logistics and other service providers may be disrupted, temporarily closed or experience worker shortages; 

Disruptions to our suppliers that supply our ingredients, packaging, and other materials necessary to produce, distribute, and sell our products may affect the ability of our suppliers to fulfill their obligations to us and may cause disruptions to our operations; and 

We also implemented a work from home policy for many of our corporate employees, which may negatively impact productivity and cause other disruptions to our business. 

The extent to which the spread of COVID-19 impacts our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak and additional variants, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, including the distribution and efficacy of vaccines, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of COVID-19 s global economic impact, including the availability of credit, adverse impacts on our liquidity and any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. Any of these events could exacerbate the other risks and uncertainties described herein, or in other reports filed with the SEC from time to time, and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 13 

A disruption in the operation of our DSD distribution system could negatively affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 A material negative change in our relationship with the independent distributor partners could negatively affect our business. Such changes could result from litigation or one or more adverse rulings by courts or regulatory or governmental bodies in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate regarding our independent distributorship model, including actions or decisions that could affect the independent contractor classifications of the independent distributor partners, or an adverse judgment against the company for actions taken by the independent distributor partners. In addition, these changes could result from regulatory developments based on the manner in which the U.S. Department of Labor applies the Fair Labor Standards Act. Any of these developments could materially and negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We may not be able to attract or retain the highly skilled people we need to support our business. 
 We depend on the skills and continued service of key personnel, including our experienced management team. In addition, our ability to achieve our strategic and operating goals depends on our ability to attract, recruit, hire, develop, and retain qualified individuals, including individuals with e-commerce, digital marketing, and data analytics capabilities. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, recruit, hire, develop, and retain other talented personnel. Any such loss, failure or negative perception with respect to these individuals may adversely affect our business or financial results. In addition, activities related to identifying, recruiting, hiring, and integrating qualified individuals may require significant time and expense. We may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key employees who terminate their employment or offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms, each of which may adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 Labor shortages and increased turnover or increases in employee and employee-related costs could have adverse effects on our profitability. 
 We have recently experienced labor shortages at some of our bakeries. A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us, including high employment levels, federal unemployment subsidies, including unemployment benefits offered in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and other government regulations, which include laws and regulations related to workers health and safety, wage and hour practices, and immigration. A labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees, and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our bakeries and bread lines or otherwise operate at full capacity. An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation could have a material adverse impact on the company s operations, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. 
 Additionally, health care, workers compensation, postretirement welfare, and pension costs are increasing and will likely continue to do so. Any substantial increase in these costs may have an adverse impact on our profitability. The company records the liabilities related to its benefit plans based on actuarial valuations, which include key assumptions determined by management. Material changes in benefit plan liabilities may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions. Future annual amounts could be impacted by various factors, such as changes in the number of plan participants, changes in the discount rate, changes in the expected long-term rate of return, changes in the level of contributions to the plan, and other factors. In addition, legislation or regulations involving labor and employment and employee benefit plans (including employee health care benefits and costs) may impact our operational results. 
 The costs of maintaining and enhancing the value and awareness of our brands are increasing, which could have an adverse impact on our revenues and profitability. 
 We rely on the success of our well-recognized brand names and we intend to maintain our strong brand recognition by continuing to devote resources to advertising, marketing and other brand building efforts. Brand value could diminish significantly due to several factors, including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner, adverse publicity about our products (whether or not valid), our failure to maintain the quality of our products, the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences, or the products becoming unavailable to consumers. The growing use of social and digital media platforms by consumers and third parties increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Brand recognition and loyalty can be impacted by the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns, marketing programs and sponsorships, as well as our use of social media. In addition, failure to comply with local or other laws and regulations could also hurt our reputation. Our marketing investments may not prove successful in maintaining or increasing our market share. If we are not able to successfully maintain our brand recognition or were to suffer damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence in our products for any of these reasons, our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected. 
 Our inability to execute our business strategy could adversely affect our business. 
 14 

We employ various operating strategies to maintain our position as one of the nation s leading producers and marketers of bakery products available to customers through multiple channels of distribution. In particular, among other things, (i) the integration of acquisitions or the acquisition or disposition of assets at presently targeted values, (ii) the deployment of new systems and technology, and (iii) an enhanced organizational structure. Our focus on our long-term goals of being consumer-focused and committed to growing our most profitable brands is dependent on our success in achieving our strategic priorities: (i) develop team; (ii) brands focus; (iii) prioritize margins; and (iv) smart M A activity. These and related demands on our resources may divert the organization s attention from other business issues. Our success is partly dependent upon properly executing, and realizing cost savings or other benefits from, these often-complex initiatives. Any delay in, or failure to implement, our strategic initiatives could adversely affect our ability to grow margins. If we are unsuccessful in implementing or executing one or more of our business strategies, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We may be adversely impacted by the failure to successfully realize the expected benefits of acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures. 
 From time to time, we undertake acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and co-investments. The success of any acquisition, divestiture or joint venture depends on the company s ability to identify opportunities that help us meet our strategic objectives, consummate a transaction on favorable contractual terms, and achieve expected returns and other financial benefits. 
 Acquisitions, including future acquisitions, require us to efficiently integrate the acquired business or businesses, which involves a significant degree of difficulty, including the following: 
 integrating the operations and business cultures of the acquired businesses while carrying on the ongoing operations of the businesses we operated prior to the acquisitions 

managing a significantly larger company than before consummation of the acquisitions 

the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying our expectations regarding the prospects of the acquired businesses 

coordinating a greater number of diverse businesses and businesses located in a greater number of geographic locations 

attracting and retaining the necessary personnel associated with the acquisitions 

creating uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems and controlling the costs associated with such matters and 

expectations about the performance of acquired trademarks and brands and the fair value of such trademarks and brands. 

Divestitures have operational risks that may include impairment charges. Divestitures also present unique financial and operational risks, including diverting management attention from the existing core business, separating personnel and financial data and other systems, and adversely affecting existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. 
 
 Co-investments with third parties through partnership, joint ventures, or other entities, may involve non-controlling, illiquid interests and limited decision-making authority. Investments in partnerships, joint ventures, or other entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were a third-party not involved, including the possibility that our joint venture partners might become bankrupt, fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, make poor business decisions, or block or delay necessary decisions. Disputes between us and our joint venture partners may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our joint venture partners. 
 We have had, and may have in the future, situations where acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures are not successfully implemented or completed, or the expected benefits of such acquisitions or divestitures are not otherwise realized, which has, and may in the future, negatively impacted the company s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Disruption in our supply chain or distribution capabilities from political instability, armed hostilities, incidents of terrorism, natural disasters, weather, inferior product or ingredient supply, or labor strikes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to make, move and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our manufacturing or distribution capabilities, or the manufacturing or distribution capabilities of our suppliers, due to weather, natural disaster, fire or explosion, terrorism, pandemics, inferior product or ingredient supply, labor strikes or work stoppages, or adverse outcomes in litigation involving our independent distributor model, could impair our ability to make, move or sell our products. Moreover, terrorist activity, armed conflict or political instability, including any escalation of hostility arising out of the conflict between Russia and the Ukraine, or natural disasters that may occur within or outside the U.S. may disrupt manufacturing, labor, and other business operations. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events and disruption to our manufacturing or distribution 
 15 

capabilities, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, could adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
 The third-party vendor management processes may not be appropriately designed to reduce risks related to the delivery of goods, supplies and services. 
 As part of a concerted effort to achieve cost savings and efficiencies, we have entered into agreements with third-party vendors for the delivery of goods, supplies and services, including IT services. If we do not select quality vendors, appropriately review vendor contracts and monitor these vendors performance (including their ability to protect our customer, consumer or other confidential data), or if any of these third-parties do not perform according to the terms of the agreements, we may not be able to achieve the expected cost savings, we may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such third-party vendors or our reputation could be harmed by any failure to perform. 
 Technology Risks 
 We may be adversely impacted if our IT systems fail to perform adequately, including with respect to cybersecurity issues. 
 The efficient operation of our business depends on our IT systems. We rely on our IT systems to effectively manage our business data, communications, supply chain, order entry and fulfillment, and other business processes. The failure of our IT systems (including those provided to us by third-parties) to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in billing, collecting and ordering errors, processing inefficiencies, and the loss of sales and customers, causing our business and results of operations to suffer. 
 In addition, our IT systems (including those provided to us by third parties) may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control, including fire, natural disasters, systems failures, security breaches or intrusions (including theft of customer, consumer or other confidential data), and viruses. Cyber-attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently in the United States and are becoming more sophisticated with a wide range of expertise and motives. Such cyber-attacks and cyber incidents can take many forms, including extortion, denial of service, or social engineering through phishing or malware emails. In addition, the risk of cyber-attacks has increased in connection with the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the resulting geopolitical conflict. In light of those and other geopolitical events, nation-state actors or their supporters may launch retaliatory cyber-attacks, and may attempt to cause supply chain and other third-party service provider disruptions, or take other geopolitically motivated retaliatory actions that may disrupt our business operations, result in data compromise, or both. These circumstances increase the likelihood of cyber-attacks and/or security breaches. 
 
 We may incur significant costs in protecting or remediating cyber-attacks or other cyber incidents. If we are unable to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks and other information security breaches, we may suffer financial and reputational damage, be subject to litigation or incur remediation costs or penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our partners, customers, suppliers or employees. 
 We may experience difficulties in designing and implementing the upgrade of our ERP system. 
 We are in the midst of implementing an upgrade to our ERP system to a more robust platform. The upgrade of the ERP system is designed to accurately maintain our financial records, enhance our operational functionality and provide timely information to our management team related to the operations of the business. The design and implementation of the upgrade to the ERP system requires an investment of significant personnel and financial resources, including substantial expenditures for outside consultants, system hardware and software in addition to other expenses in connection with the transformation of our financial and operating processes. We may not be able to implement the ERP system upgrade successfully without experiencing delays, increased costs and other difficulties, including potential design defects, miscalculations, testing requirements, and the diversion of management s attention from day-to-day business operations. If we are unable to implement the ERP system upgrade as planned, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be adversely affected, our ability to assess those controls adequately could be delayed, and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. 
 16 

Industry Risks 
 Increases in costs and/or shortages of raw materials, fuels and utilities could adversely impact our profitability. 
 Raw materials, such as flour, sweeteners, shortening, yeast, and water, which are used in our bakery products, are subject to price fluctuations. The cost of these inputs may fluctuate widely due to foreign and domestic government policies and regulations, inflation, weather conditions, domestic and international demand, availability due to supply chain conditions, or other unforeseen circumstances. The global economy has been negatively impacted by the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. The Russia-Ukraine conflict is fast-moving and uncertain. Global grain markets have exhibited increased volatility as sanctions have been imposed on Russia by the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, and others in response to Russia s invasion of Ukraine. While we do not expect our operations to be directly impacted by the conflict at this time, changes in global grain and commodity flows could impact the markets in which we operate, which may in turn negatively impact our business, results of operations, supply chain and financial condition. Any substantial change in the prices or availability of raw materials may have an adverse impact on our profitability. We enter into forward purchase agreements and other derivative financial instruments from time to time to manage the impact of such volatility in raw materials prices however, these strategies may not be adequate to overcome increases in market prices or availability. Our failure to enter into hedging or fixed price arrangements or any decrease in the availability or increase in the cost of these agreements and instruments could increase the price of these raw materials and significantly affect our earnings. 
 
 In addition, we are dependent upon natural gas or propane for firing ovens. The independent distributors and third-party transportation companies are dependent upon gasoline and diesel for their vehicles. The cost of these fuels may fluctuate widely due to economic and political conditions, government policy and regulation, war or other conflicts (including the current situation in Ukraine), or other unforeseen circumstances. Substantial future increases in prices for, or shortages of, these fuels could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, financial condition or results of operations. There can be no assurance that we can cover these potential cost increases through future pricing actions. Also, as a result of these pricing actions, consumers could purchase less or move from purchasing higher-margin products to lower-margin products. 
 
 Inflation may adversely affect us by increasing our costs of production, materials, and labor. In an inflationary environment, such as the current economic environment, depending on the market conditions of the baking industry and the raising of interest rates by the United States Federal Reserve, we may be unable to raise the prices of our products enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which would reduce our profit margins, and continued inflationary pressures could impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Competition could adversely impact revenues and profitability. 
 The U.S. bakery industry is highly competitive. Our principal competitors in these categories all have substantial financial, marketing, and other resources. In most product categories, we compete not only with other widely advertised branded products, but also with store branded products that are generally sold at lower prices. Competition is based on product availability, product quality, price, effective promotions, and the ability to target changing consumer preferences. Substantial growth in e-commerce has encouraged the entry of new competitors and business models, intensifying competition by simplifying distribution and lowering barriers to entry. The expanding presence of e-commerce retailers has impacted, and may continue to impact, consumer preferences and market dynamics, which in turn may negatively affect our sales or profits. We experience price pressure from time to time due to competitors promotional activity and other pricing efforts. This pricing pressure is particularly strong during adverse economic periods and periods of high inflation. Increased competition could result in reduced sales, margins, profits and market share. 
 Product removals, damaged product or safety concerns could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 We may be required to recall certain of our products should they be mislabeled, contaminated, spoiled, tampered with or damaged. We may become involved in lawsuits and legal proceedings alleging that the consumption of any of our products causes or caused injury, illness or death. Any such product removal, damaged product or an adverse result in any litigation related to such a product removal or damaged product could have a material adverse effect on our operating and financial results in future periods, depending on the costs of the product removal from the market, the destruction of product inventory, diversion of management time and attention, contractual and other claims made by customers that we supply, loss of key customers, competitive reaction and consumer attitudes. Even if a product liability, consumer fraud or other claim is unsuccessful or without merit, the negative publicity surrounding such assertions regarding our products could adversely affect our reputation and brand image. We also could be adversely affected if our customers or consumers in our principal markets lose confidence in the safety and quality of our products. 
 During fiscal years 2018 through 2022, we have been required, and may be required in future periods, to remove certain of our products from the market should they be mislabeled, contaminated, spoiled, tampered with or damaged, including as a result of inferior ingredients provided by any of our suppliers. 
 17 

Consolidation in the retail and foodservice industries could adversely affect our sales and profitability. 
 We expect consolidations among our retail and foodservice customers to continue. If this trend continues and our retail and foodservice customers continue to grow larger due to consolidation in their respective industries, they may demand lower pricing and increased promotional programs. In addition, these pressures may restrict our ability to increase prices, including in response to commodity and other cost increases. Our margins and profits could decrease if a reduction in prices or increased costs are not counterbalanced with increased sales volume. 
 Inability to anticipate or respond to changes in consumer preferences may result in decreased demand for our products, which could have an adverse impact on our future growth and operating results. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to respond to current market trends and to anticipate the tastes and dietary habits of consumers, including concerns of consumers regarding health and wellness, obesity, product attributes, ingredients, and packaging. Similarly, demand for our products could be negatively affected by consumer concerns or perceptions regarding the health effects of specific ingredients such as, but not limited to, sodium, trans fats, sugar, processed wheat, or other product ingredients or attributes. Introduction of new products and product extensions requires significant development and marketing investment. If we fail to anticipate, identify, or react to changes in consumer preferences, or if we fail to introduce new and improved products on a timely basis, we could experience reduced demand for our products, which could cause our sales, profitability, and our operating results to suffer. 
 We rely on several large customers for a significant portion of sales and the loss of one of our large customers or their decision to give higher priority to other brands could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We have several large customers that account for a significant portion of sales, and the loss of one of our large customers could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our top ten customers accounted for 54.5 of sales during Fiscal 2022. Our largest customer, Walmart/Sam s Club, accounted for 21.7 during this period. These customers do not typically enter long-term sales contracts, and instead make purchase decisions based on a combination of price, product quality, consumer demand, and customer service performance. At any time, there is a risk that our customers will give higher priority to their own products or to the products of our competitors, resulting in less shelf space for our products. Additionally, our customers may face financial or other difficulties that may impact their operations and their purchases from us. Disputes with significant suppliers could also adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers. If our sales to one or more of these customers are reduced, this reduction may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our large customers may impose requirements on us that may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 From time to time, our large customers may re-evaluate or refine their business practices and impose new or revised requirements on us, the distributors, and the customers other suppliers. The growth of large mass merchandisers, supercenters and dollar stores, together with changes in consumer shopping patterns, have produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying power and negotiating strength. Current trends among retailers and foodservice customers include fostering high levels of competition among suppliers, demanding new products or increased promotional programs, requiring suppliers to maintain or reduce product prices, reducing shelf space for our products, and requiring product delivery with shorter lead times. These business changes may involve inventory practices, logistics, or other aspects of the customer-supplier relationship. Compliance with requirements imposed by large customers may be costly and may have an adverse effect on our margins and profitability. However, if we fail to meet a large customer s demands, we could lose that customer s business, which also could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Government regulation, including labeling or warning requirements, could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 As a producer and marketer of food items, our production processes, product quality, packaging, labeling, storage, and distribution, and the safety of food products and the health and safety of our employees, are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local government entities and agencies. In addition, the marketing and labeling of food products has come under increased scrutiny in recent years, and the food industry has been subject to an increasing number of legal proceedings and claims relating to alleged false or deceptive marketing and labeling under federal, state or local laws or regulations. Uncertainty regarding labeling standards has led to customer confusions and legal challenges. The imposition or proposed imposition of additional product labeling or warning requirements could reduce overall consumption of our products, lead to negative publicity (whether based in scientific fact or not) or leave consumers with the perception (whether or not valid) that our products do not meet their health and wellness needs. Such factors could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 
 
 18 

In addition, our operations are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent regulations administered by the Environmental Protection Agency related to the discharge of materials into the environment and the handling and disposition of wastes. Failure to comply with these regulations can have serious consequences, including civil and administrative penalties and negative publicity. Changes in applicable laws or regulations or evolving interpretations thereof, including increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern over climate change, may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures, and other financial obligations for us, which could affect our profitability or impede the production or distribution of our products, and affect our sales. 
 
 Compliance with federal, state and local laws and regulations is costly and time consuming. Failure to comply with, or violations of, applicable laws and the regulatory requirements of one or more of these entities and agencies could subject us to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls or seizures, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any of which could result in increased operating costs and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Legal proceedings or claims related to our marketing could damage our reputation and/or adversely affect our business or financial results. 
 Climate change, or legal, regulatory, or market measures to address climate change, may negatively affect our business and operations. 
 There is growing concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns, and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. In the event that such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity, we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products, such as corn and wheat. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can reduce crop size and crop quality, which in turn could reduce our supplies of raw materials, lower recoveries of usable raw materials, increase the prices of our raw materials, increase our cost of transporting and storing raw materials, or disrupt our production schedules. 
 We may also be subjected to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water as a result of climate change, which could impact our production and distribution operations. In addition, natural disasters and extreme weather conditions may disrupt the productivity of our facilities or the operation of our supply chain. The increasing concern over climate change also may result in more regional, federal, and/or global legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gases. In the event that such regulation is enacted and is more aggressive than the sustainability measures that we are currently undertaking to monitor our emissions and improve our energy efficiency, we may experience significant increases in our costs of operation and delivery. In particular, increasing regulation of fuel emissions could substantially increase the distribution and supply chain costs associated with our products. As a result, climate change could negatively affect our business and operations. 
 We are subject to increasing legal complexity and could be party to litigation that may adversely affect our business. 
 Increasing legal complexity may continue to affect our operations and results in material ways. We are or could be subject to legal proceedings that may adversely affect our business, including class actions, administrative proceedings, government investigations, securities laws, employment and personal injury claims, disputes with current or former suppliers, claims by current or former distributors, and intellectual property claims (including claims that we infringed another party s trademarks, copyrights, or patents). Inconsistent standards imposed by governmental authorities can adversely affect our business and increase our exposure to litigation. Litigation involving our independent distributor model and the independent contractor classification of the independent distributors, as well as litigation related to disclosure made by us in connection therewith, if determined adversely, could increase costs, negatively impact our business prospects and the business prospects of our distributors and subject us to incremental liability for their actions. We are also subject to the legal and compliance risks associated with privacy, data collection, protection and management, in particular as it relates to information we collect when we provide products to customers. 
 Executive Offices 
 The address and telephone number of our principal executive offices are 1919 Flowers Circle, Thomasville, Georgia 31757, (229) 226-9110. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the persons who currently serve as the executive officers of Flowers Foods. 
 19 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

Name, Age and Office 
 
 Business Experience 

A. Ryals McMullian Age 53 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Mr. McMullian was elected president and chief executive officer in May 2019. Previously, he served as chief operating officer from July 2018 until May 2019. Mr. McMullian served as chief strategy officer from May 2017 to July 2018, and as vice president of mergers and acquisitions and deputy general counsel from 2015 until 2017. Mr. McMullian served as vice president and associate general counsel from 2011 until 2015 and as associate general counsel from 2003, when he joined the company, until 2011. 

R. Steve Kinsey Age 62 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 Mr. Kinsey was named chief financial officer CFO and chief accounting officer CAO in April 2020. Previously, he served as executive vice president, CFO and chief administrative officer from May 2017 to April 2020. Mr. Kinsey served as executive vice president and CFO from 2008 until 2017, and as senior vice president and CFO from 2007 to 2008. Prior to those appointments, Mr. Kinsey served in various accounting roles since joining the company in 1989. 

Heeth Varnedoe IV Age 56 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Mr. Varnedoe was named chief operating officer effective January 1, 2023. He previously served as chief transformation officer from December 2020 until January 2023, senior vice president of DSD Regions/Sales from August 2017 until December 2020, and president of Flowers Phoenix, Arizona bakery from January 2016 to August 2017. Mr. Varnedoe joined Flowers in 1990 and held a number of positions before leaving the company in 2000 to pursue other business interests. He rejoined Flowers in 2012. 

Robert L. Benton, Jr. Age 65 Executive Vice President of Network Optimization 
 
 Mr. Benton was named executive vice president of network optimization in November 2019. He previously served as chief supply chain officer from May 2017 until November 2019. Mr. Benton served as senior vice president and chief manufacturing officer from January 2015 to May 2017 and as senior vice president of manufacturing and operations support from March 2011 until January 2015. Prior to that, he held various manufacturing positions since joining the company in 1980. 

Mark Chaffin Age 52 Chief Information Officer 
 
 Mr. Chaffin was named chief information officer CIO in February 2020 after serving four months in an interim capacity. Prior to joining Flowers, Mr. Chaffin was a partner in the Southeast practice of Fortium Partners, a provider of technology leadership services, from 2019 until joining Flowers. He also served as CIO at SGSCO, a global package and brand design and marketing company, from 2015 to 2019 and as CIO for Acosta Sales and Marketing from 2007 to 2015. 

H. Mark Courtney Age 62 Chief Brand Officer 
 
 Mr. Courtney was named chief brand officer in July 2020. He previously served as president of the Fresh Packaged Bread Business Unit from May 2019 to July 2020, senior vice president of retail accounts from May 2017 to May 2019, and senior vice president of sales from June 2008 to May 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Courtney served in various sales positions since joining the company in 1983. 

Cindy L. Cox Age 56 Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 Ms. Cox joined Flowers as chief human resources officer in February 2023. Before joining Flowers, she served as vice president of human resources for the Refrigeration segment of Carrier Corporation, the leading global provider of healthy, safe, sustainable, and intelligent building and cold chain solutions Carrier ), since July 2017. During her 27-year tenure with Carrier and Pratt Whitney, she held multiple human resources roles of increasing scale and responsibility. 

Debo Mukherjee Age 55 Chief Marketing Officer 
 
 Mr. Mukherjee joined Flowers as chief marketing officer in October 2017. Before joining Flowers, Mr. Mukherjee was founder and owner of Intacta Consulting Group, LLC, a marketing consulting firm, since 2015. Prior to that, he served as CEO of Redco Foods, Inc. from 2011 to 2015 and held marketing roles at Mars Inc., Unilever, H.J. Heinz Co. and The Hershey Company. 

David M. Roach Age 53 Chief Strategic Projects Officer 
 
 Mr. Roach was named chief strategic projects officer in August 2022. He previously served as president of cake operations from July 2020 until August 2022, president of the Snacking/Specialty Business Unit from May 2017 to July 2020, and senior vice president of organics from September 2015 until May 2017. Mr. Roach served in various sales and management positions since joining the company in 1992. 

20 

Name, Age and Office 
 
 Business Experience 

Stephanie B. Tillman Age 52 Chief Legal Counsel 
 
 Ms. Tillman was named chief legal counsel and corporate secretary effective January 2020. Previously, she served as vice president, chief compliance officer, and deputy general counsel from April 2011 to January 2020. Prior to that, Ms. Tillman served in various roles in the legal department since joining the company in 1995. 

D. Keith Wheeler Age 59 Chief Sales Officer 
 
 Mr. Wheeler was named chief sales officer in May 2017. Previously, he served as president of Flowers Bakeries from July 2014 until May 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Wheeler served in various leadership roles, including regional senior vice president, regional controller, and bakery president. He joined the company in 1988. 

Tom Winters Age 59 Chief Supply Chain Officer 
 
 Mr. Winters joined Flowers as chief supply chain officer in April 2022. Before joining Flowers, he served as senior vice president of supply chain at PepsiCo, overseeing supply chain functions for two of the company's North American divisions. During his 19-year tenure at PepsiCo, he also held a number of operations and production roles with responsibility for the management of internal plants, warehouses, and contract manufacturers. He began his career with Proctor and Gamble in 1988, serving in a number of operational leadership roles at production facilities in the U.S. and Puerto Rico until joining PepsiCo in 2003. 

Item 1B.	 Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 None 
 Item 2.	 Pr operties 
 Our principal executive offices are company owned and located in Thomasville, Georgia. The company also leases properties that are used for shared services functions and our IT group and owns several properties for our corporate offices. The company also has an additional shared services center in Phoenix, Arizona. 
 21 

We operate 46 bakeries across the continental U.S. Each of the listed bakeries is company owned except for Modesto, California and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. We believe that our bakeries have adequate production utilization and can meet the current operational requirements for the operation of the business. Additionally, across the continental U.S. in the markets we serve, we own approximately 140 warehouse/distribution centers and lease approximately 480 warehouse/distribution centers. 
 The table below sets forth the production and sales operations in our bakeries: 

Alabama 
 
 Kansas 
 
 Tennessee 

Birmingham (PS) 
 
 Lenexa (PS) 
 
 Cleveland (P) 

Montgomery (P) 
 
 Kentucky 
 
 Crossville (PS) 

Tuscaloosa (P) 
 
 Bardstown (PS) 
 
 Knoxville (PS) 

Arizona 
 
 London (PS) 
 
 Texas 

Mesa (PS) 
 
 Louisiana 
 
 Denton (PS) 

Tolleson (P) 
 
 Baton Rouge (PS) 
 
 El Paso (PS) 

Arkansas 
 
 Lafayette (P) 
 
 Houston (P) 

Batesville (PS) 
 
 New Orleans (PS) 
 
 Houston (PS) 

Texarkana (P) 
 
 Maine 
 
 San Antonio (PS) 

California 
 
 Lewiston (P) 
 
 Tyler (PS) 

Modesto (Leased) (PS) 
 
 Lewiston (PS) 
 
 Utah 

Colorado 
 
 Nevada 
 
 West Jordan (PS) 

Johnstown (P) 
 
 Henderson (PS) 
 
 Virginia 

Florida 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 Lynchburg (P) 

Bradenton (PS) 
 
 Goldsboro (PS) 
 
 Norfolk (PS) 

Jacksonville (PS) 
 
 Jamestown (PS) 

Lakeland (PS) 
 
 Newton (PS) 

Miami (PS) 
 
 Oregon 

Georgia 
 
 Milwaukie (PS) 

Atlanta (P) 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Savannah (PS) 
 
 Oxford (PS) 

Suwanee (P) 
 
 Philadelphia (Leased) (PS) 

Thomasville (PS) 

Tucker (P) 

Villa Rica (PS) 

P - Production Only 

PS - Production and Sales 

Only thrift store sales 

We believe our facilities are well-maintained and adequate, that they are being appropriately utilized and that they have sufficient production utilization for their present intended purposes. Utilization is actual labor time as a percent of available hours of production in a week (based on 120 hours/week for three shifts). On a consolidated basis during Fiscal 2022, our average quarterly production utilization ranged from 92 to 97 across all bakeries. During heightened periods of demand, the company can improve utilization by streamlining production with longer production runs and fewer differentiated products produced. Production utilization is not materially different when a sales facility is also located at the bakery. 
 Item 3.	 Legal Proceedings 
 For a description of all material pending legal proceedings, See Note 22, Commitments and Contingencies , of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. 
 Item 4.	 Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable 
 22 

PART II 
 Item 5.	 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related S tockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Shares of the company s common stock are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol FLO. 
 Holders 
 As of February 16, 2023, there were approximately 3,281 holders of record of the company s common stock. 
 Dividends 
 The payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of the company s Board. The Board bases its decisions regarding dividends on, among other things, general business conditions, our financial results, contractual, legal and regulatory restrictions regarding dividend payments and any other factors the Board may consider relevant. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 The company did not purchase any shares of its common stock during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 23 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The chart below is a comparison of the cumulative total return (assuming the reinvestment of all dividends paid) of our common stock, Standard Poor s 500 Index, Standard Poor s 500 Packaged Foods and Meats Index, and Standard Poor s MidCap 400 Index for the period December 30, 2017 through December 31, 2022 the last day of our 2022 fiscal year. 

December 30, 2017 

December 29, 2018 

December 28, 2019 

January 2, 2021 

January 1, 2022 

December 31, 2022 

FLOWERS FOODS INC 

100.00 

98.11 

120.67 

130.00 

163.32 

176.34 

S P 500 INDEX 

100.00 

94.80 

126.06 

148.85 

191.58 

156.88 

S P 500 PACKAGED FOODS MEATS INDEX 

100.00 

81.05 

106.09 

111.04 

125.56 

137.34 

S P MIDCAP 400 INDEX 

100.00 

88.01 

112.15 

127.54 

159.12 

138.34 

Companies in the S P 500 Index, the S P 500 Packaged Foods and Meats Index, and the S P MidCap 400 Index are weighted by market capitalization and indexed to 100 at December 30, 2017. Flowers Foods share price is also indexed to 100 at December 30, 2017. 
 Item 6.	 [Reserved] 
 
 24 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with Item 1., Business, and the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. The following information contains forward-looking statements which involve certain risks and uncertainties. See Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this Form 10-K. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is segregated into four sections, including: 
 Executive overview provides a summary of our operating performance and cash flows, industry trends, and our strategic initiatives. 

Critical accounting estimates describes the accounting areas where management makes critical estimates to report our financial condition and results of operations. 

Results of operations an analysis of the company s consolidated results of operations for Fiscal 2022 compared to Fiscal 2021 as presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Refer to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2022 for a discussion of the results of operations for Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020. 

Liquidity, capital resources and financial position an analysis of cash flow, contractual obligations, and certain other matters affecting the company s financial position. 

MATTERS AFFECTING COMPARABILITY 
 The company operates on a 52-53 week fiscal year ending the Saturday nearest December 31. Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 each consisted of 52 weeks and Fiscal 2023 will also consist of 52 weeks. Furthermore, comparative results from quarter to quarter are impacted by the company's fiscal reporting calendar. Internal financial results and key performance indicators are reported on a weekly basis to ensure the same number of Saturdays and Sundays in comparable months to allow for consistent four-week progression analysis. This results in our first quarter consisting of sixteen weeks while the remaining three quarters have twelve weeks (except in cases where there is an extra week every five or six years in the fourth quarter). Accordingly, interim results may not be indicative of subsequent interim period results, or comparable to prior or subsequent interim period results, due to differences in the lengths of the interim periods. 
 Additionally, detailed below are expense (recovery) items affecting comparability that will provide additional context while reading this discussion: 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

Footnote 

52 weeks 

52 weeks 

Disclosure 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Business process improvement consulting costs 

33,169 

31,293 

Note 2 

Plant closure costs and impairment of assets 

7,825 

Note 2 

Gain on sale, severance costs, and lease termination (gain) loss 

(4,390) 

(2,644) 
 
 Note 12, 13 

FASTER Act and loss on inferior ingredients 

236 

944 

Note 4 

Acquisition-related costs 

12,518 

Note 2 

Acquisition consideration adjustment 

3,400 

Note 12 

Legal settlements and related costs 

7,500 

23,089 

Note 22 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

16,149 

Note 14 

Pension plan settlement loss 

403 

Note 20 

Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal costs 

3,300 

Note 20 

56,858 

75,934 

Business process improvement consulting costs related to the transformation strategy initiatives. In the second half of Fiscal 2020, we launched initiatives to transform how we operate our business, including upgrading our information system to a more robust platform, as well as investments in e-commerce, autonomous planning, and our bakery of the future initiative. In the first quarter of Fiscal 2022, we launched the digital logistics and digital sales initiatives. These initiatives are further discussed in Item 1., Business, of this Form 10-K. The expensed portion of the consulting costs related to both the ERP upgrade and digital strategy initiatives incurred in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 was 33.2 million and 31.3 million, respectively, and is reflected in the selling, distribution, and administrative expenses line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Plant closure costs and impairment of assets. On July 19, 2022, the company announced the closure of the Holsum Bakery in Phoenix, Arizona. The bakery, which, produced bread and bun products, ceased production on October 31, 2022. This closure is part of our strategy to optimize our sales portfolio and improve supply chain and manufacturing efficiency. The company recognized severance costs of 1.7 million, multi-employer pension plan withdrawal costs of 1.3 million, and asset impairment and equipment 
 25 

relocation charges for bakery equipment of 3.8 million in the third quarter of Fiscal 2022. The severance payments were substantially complete as of December 31, 2022. As a result of the manufacturing line closures, the union participants of the IAM National Pension Fund (the IAM Fund at the Phoenix, Arizona bakery will withdraw from the IAM Fund. While this is our best estimate of the ultimate cost of the withdrawal from this plan, additional withdrawal liability may be incurred based on the final IAM Fund assessment or in the event of a mass withdrawal, as defined by statute, occurring anytime within the next three years. 
 During the first quarter of Fiscal 2022, the company decided to sell two of the twenty-seven warehouses acquired at the end of Fiscal 2021, as further discussed below, and recorded an impairment charge of 1.0 million. The company completed the sale of the impaired warehouse at the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 
 Gain on sale, severance costs, and lease termination (gain) loss. In the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, the company committed to a plan to outsource its aviation services and recorded severance and lease termination charges totaling 1.7 million. In the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022, the company completed the lease buyouts and subsequent sale of two aircrafts and recorded gains on these sales totaling 6.1 million. These amounts are reflected in the selling, distribution, and administrative expenses line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income. Lease termination costs were paid in the second quarter of Fiscal 2022 and the severance payments were completed in January 2023. 
 In Fiscal 2021, the company purchased twenty-seven warehouses that were included in the company s operating leased assets. Two of the purchased properties were fully impaired in Fiscal 2020, resulting in the recognition of a 2.6 million gain upon completion of the purchase of these assets and this amount is included in the selling, distribution, and administrative expenses line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Food allergen compliance costs and loss on inferior ingredients. In the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022, the company recognized 2.0 million of compliance costs associated with the Food, Allergy Safety, Treatment, Education, and Research Act (the FASTER Act) signed into law on April 23, 2021 and effective on January 1, 2023. The FASTER Act declared sesame as the ninth major food allergen recognized by the U.S. and requires, among other things, all food products containing sesame (or products produced on the same equipment as products containing sesame) to list it in the ingredients statement or in a separate allergen statement on the packaging. The costs were mostly attributable to write-offs of obsolete packaging and are recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 In the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021, the company issued a voluntary recall on certain Tastykake multi-pack cupcakes sold in eight states and certain Tastykake Krimpets distributed to retail customers throughout the U.S. due to the potential presence of tiny fragments of metal mesh wire. The recall was initiated following notification by a vendor of the possible contamination in a supplied ingredient. The company incurred costs of 1.8 million related to the recall in Fiscal 2021 and received a full reimbursement for the loss in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 In the first quarter of Fiscal 2021, we incurred an additional 0.1 million of costs related to receiving inferior ingredients used in the production of certain of our gluten-free products in the previous year. In the third quarter of Fiscal 2021, we received reimbursements of approximately 1.0 million for these previously incurred costs. These costs and related reimbursements are recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Acquisition-related costs. On December 13, 2022, the company announced it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Papa Pita, a manufacturer and distributor of bagels, tortillas, breads, buns, English muffins, and flat breads. Founded in 1983, Papa Pita operates one facility in West Jordan, Utah. Its primary brands include Papa Pita, Great Grains, Bubba's Bagels, and Maya's Tortillas . Additionally, Papa Pita has a significant co-manufacturing business as well as direct-store-distribution in the western U.S. The acquisition closed on February 17, 2023 and the company funded the transaction with cash on-hand and from existing credit facilities. The company incurred 0.9 million of acquisition-related costs associated with the acquisition in Fiscal 2022 and anticipates additional costs to be incurred in the first quarter of Fiscal 2023. 
 In the third quarter of Fiscal 2022, we incurred 11.6 million in costs from the pursuit of an acquisition that failed to materialize. In addition to customary acquisition costs, we incurred 8.4 million related to realized foreign currency exchange losses. Although the majority of the target company's sales were made in the U.S., the target company's foreign domicile required us to convert funds from U.S. dollars to complete the transaction. Following that conversion, a significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the target company's currency resulted in the foreign currency exchange loss upon conversion back into U.S. dollars following the failure of the deal. 
 Acquisition-related costs are recorded in the selling, distribution, and administrative expenses line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 26 

Pension plan settlement loss. In the company-sponsored defined benefit pension plan for union employees Plan No. 2 ), retired and terminated vested pension plan participants not yet receiving their benefit payments have the option to elect to receive their benefit as a single lump sum payment. In the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021, a settlement charge of 0.4 million was triggered as a result of lump sum distributions paid in Fiscal 2021. 
 Acquisition consideration adjustment. In connection with an acquisition completed in Fiscal 2012, the company agreed to make the selling shareholders whole for certain taxes incurred by the stakeholders on the sale. In Fiscal 2021, there was a tax determination that the selling shareholders owed additional taxes of approximately 3.4 million and the Company recorded this cost in the selling, distribution, and administrative expenses line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income in Fiscal 2021. During Fiscal 2022, the company reached a settlement and made a partial payment and anticipates making the final payment in Fiscal 2023. 
 Legal settlements and related costs. During the second and third quarters of Fiscal 2022, we reached agreements to settle certain distributor-related litigation in the aggregate amount of 7.5 million, inclusive of attorney fees. The settlement accrued for in the second quarter of Fiscal 2022 was paid in the third quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 In Fiscal 2021, we reached an agreement to settle certain distributor-related litigation for a settlement payment, inclusive of plaintiffs attorney fees, of 16.5 million. The payment was made in the second quarter of Fiscal 2022. The settlement also required a phased repurchase of approximately 75 distribution rights, which the company estimated would cost approximately 6.6 million. The company commenced repurchasing the distribution rights during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022 and these repurchases were complete by the end of January 2023. 
 All amounts related to legal settlements and related costs are recorded in the selling, distribution, and administrative expenses line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income. At December 31, 2022, 5.9 million of settlements were accrued (inclusive of obligations for repurchase of distribution rights). 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt. On April 8, 2021, we completed the early redemption of the Company s 400.0 million of 4.375 senior notes due 2022 (the 2022 notes with proceeds received from the issuance of the Company s 500.0 million of 2.400 senior notes due 2031 (the 2031 notes on March 9, 2021. We recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of 16.1 million comprised of a make-whole cash payment of 15.4 million and the write-off of unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs totaling 0.7 million. 
 Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal costs. On September 22, 2021, the union participants of the Retail, Wholesale and Department Store Union Fund (the Fund at our Birmingham, Alabama plant voted to withdraw from the Fund in the most recent collective bargaining agreement. The withdrawal was effective, and the union participants became eligible to participate in the Flowers Foods, Inc. 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, on December 1, 2021, which resulted in the recognition of a pension plan withdrawal liability of 3.3 million (including transition payments) in our Consolidated Statements of Income. The transition payments were paid in December 2021 and the withdrawal liability was paid in April 2022. 
 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 We are the second-largest producer and marketer of packaged bakery foods in the U.S. with Fiscal 2022 sales of 4.8 billion. We operate in the highly competitive fresh bakery market. Our product offerings include a wide range of fresh breads, buns, rolls, snack items and tortillas, as well as frozen breads and rolls, which we produce at 46 plants in 19 states. Our products are sold under leading brands such as Nature s Own, Dave s Killer Bread, Canyon Bakehouse, Tastykake, Mrs. Freshley s, and Wonder . Item 1., Business, of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding our customers and brands, business strategies, strengths and core competencies, and competition and risks. 
 Impact of the Inflationary Economic Environment, Other Macroeconomic Factors, and COVID-19 on Our Business 
 We continue to monitor the impact of the inflationary economic environment, supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the COVID-19 pandemic on our business as further discussed in Item 1., Business, of this Form 10-K. 
 27 

Summary of Operating Results, Cash Flows and Financial Condition: 
 Our results in Fiscal 2022 continued to benefit from a more optimized sales mix of branded retail products as compared to pre-pandemic periods. Remote and hybrid-work arrangements spurred by the pandemic endured in Fiscal 2022 which resulted in greater at-home food consumption than in pre-pandemic periods. We experienced significant input cost inflation for commodities and transportation, and, to a lesser extent, for labor in Fiscal 2022 which partially offset this benefit. We expect these inflationary pressures to continue in Fiscal 2023. To mitigate the ongoing cost pressures, we implemented price increases in Fiscal 2022 and in early Fiscal 2023. 
 Sales increased 11.0 in Fiscal 2022 compared to Fiscal 2021 primarily due to inflation-driven pricing actions that contributed to positive price/mix of 15.4 . This increase was partially offset by volume declines of 4.4 . Targeted sales rationalization and production constraints from supply chain disruptions contributed to the lower volumes. Our leading brands, Nature's Own, DKB, and Canyon Bakehouse , continued to perform well as these brands all experienced double-digit sales growth from positive price/mix. 
 Income from operations for Fiscal 2022 was 303.2 million, an increase of 2.8 as compared to the prior year. The increase resulted from sales increases from positive pricing actions, lower workforce-related incentive compensation expense year over year, and decreased legal settlement charges. These items were mostly offset by significant cost inflation for input and transportation costs, lower production volumes year over year, and the acquisition and plant closure costs incurred in the current year. 
 Net income was 228.4 million for Fiscal 2022, an increase of 10.8 as compared to the prior year. The improvement in the current year resulted primarily from the 16.1 million loss on extinguishment of debt 12.1 million net of tax) recognized in the prior year and increased income from operations year over year. 
 In Fiscal 2022, we generated net cash flows from operations of 360.9 million and invested 169.1 million in capital expenditures (inclusive of 61.3 million for the ongoing ERP upgrade) and 9.0 million in a cost-method investment as further discussed below. Additionally, we made stock repurchases of 34.6 million and paid 186.5 million in dividends to our shareholders. Our cash and cash equivalents balance as of December 31, 2022 was 165.1 million. In Fiscal 2022, w e amended our accounts receivable securitization facility (the AR facility to, among other things, extend the maturity date to September 27, 2024. At December 31, 2022, all of our outstanding debt obligations were fixed rate debt. Additionally, on May 26, 2022, the Board of Directors increased the company's share repurchase authorization by 20.0 million shares. 
 In Fiscal 2021, we generated net cash flows from operations of 344.6 million, invested 136.0 million in capital expenditures and purchased a portfolio of leased warehouses for 64.7 million. Additionally, we reduced our total indebtedness by 81.9 million and paid 175.9 million in dividends to our shareholders in Fiscal 2021. On March 9, 2021, we issued the 2031 notes and used the net proceeds from the offering to complete the early redemption of our outstanding 2022 notes and for other debt repayments. C ash and cash equivalents at January 1, 2022 was 185.9 million. 
 During the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, we invested 9.0 million in Base Culture, a Clearwater, Florida-based company with one manufacturing facility. Base Culture's product offerings include better-for-you, gluten-free, and grain-free sliced breads and baked goods and are all-natural, 100 Paleo-certified, kosher-certified, dairy-free, soy-free, and non-GMO verified. 
 On February 17, 2023, subsequent to the end of Fiscal 2022, the company completed the acquisition of Papa Pita and funded the purchase with cash on-hand and a drawdown on our credit facility. The credit facility is variable rate debt and exposes the company to greater interest rate risk. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The company s discussion and analysis of its results of operations and financial condition are based upon the Consolidated Financial Statements of the company, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires the company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of the revenues, expenses, and cash flows during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, the company evaluates its estimates, including those related to customer programs and incentives, bad debts, raw materials, inventories, long-lived assets, leased assets, intangible assets, income taxes, restructuring, pensions and other post-retirement benefits, and contingencies and litigation. The company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 28 

The selection and disclosure of the company s critical accounting estimates have been discussed with the company s audit committee. Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K includes a summary of the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The following table lists, in no particular order of importance, areas of critical assumptions and estimates used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Additional detail can be found in the following notes: 

Critical Accounting Estimate 
 
 Note 

Revenue recognition 

Derivative financial instruments 

10 

Long-lived assets 

Goodwill and other intangible assets 

9 

Leases 

13 

Self-insurance reserves 

22 

Income tax expense and accruals 

21 

Postretirement plans 

20 

Stock-based compensation 

18 

Commitments and contingencies 

22 

Revenue Recognition. Revenue is recognized when obligations under the terms of a contract with our customers are satisfied. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods or providing services. The company records both direct and estimated reductions to gross revenue for customer programs and incentive offerings at the time the incentive is offered or at the time of revenue recognition for the underlying transaction that results in progress by the customer towards earning the incentive. These allowances include price promotion discounts, coupons, customer rebates, cooperative advertising, and product returns. Consideration payable to a customer is recognized at the time control transfers and is a reduction to revenue. The recognition of costs for promotion programs involves the use of judgment related to performance and redemption estimates. Estimates are made based on historical experience and other factors. Price promotion discount expense is recorded as a reduction to gross sales when the discounted product is sold to the customer. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments. The company s cost of primary raw materials is highly correlated to certain commodities markets. Raw materials, such as our baking ingredients, experience price fluctuations. If actual market conditions become significantly different than those anticipated, raw material prices could increase significantly, adversely affecting our results of operations. We enter into forward purchase agreements and other derivative financial instruments qualifying for hedge accounting to manage the impact of volatility in raw material prices. The company measures the fair value of its derivative portfolio using fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal market for that asset or liability. When quoted market prices for identical assets or liabilities are not available, the company bases fair value on internally developed models that use current market observable inputs, such as exchange-quoted futures prices and yield curves. Refer to Item 7A., Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, of this Form 10-K for additional information about our derivative financial instruments, including a sensitivity analysis of the company s potential exposure to commodity price risk. 
 Valuation of Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. The company records an impairment charge to property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets in accordance with applicable accounting standards when, based on certain indicators of impairment, it believes such assets have experienced a decline in value that is other than temporary. Future adverse changes in market conditions or poor operating results of these underlying assets could result in losses or an inability to recover the carrying value of the asset that may not be reflected in the asset s current carrying value, thereby possibly requiring impairment charges in the future. Impairment charges recorded in Fiscal 2022 are discussed above in the Matters Affecting Comparability section. 
 Flowers has concluded it has one operating segment based on the nature of products that Flowers sells, an intertwined production and distribution model, the internal management structure and information that is regularly reviewed by the CEO, who is the chief operating decision maker, for the purpose of assessing performance and allocating resources. The company also determined we have one reporting unit. 
 The company evaluates the recoverability of the carrying value of its goodwill on an annual basis or at a time when events occur that indicate the carrying value of the goodwill may be impaired. We have elected not to perform the qualitative approach, but instead perform a quantitative analysis by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with which the goodwill is associated to the carrying amount of the reporting unit. If the fair value is less than the carrying value, the goodwill is written down to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. 
 Our annual evaluation of goodwill impairment requires management judgment and the use of estimates and assumptions to determine the fair value of our reporting unit. Fair value is estimated using standard valuation methodologies incorporating market participant considerations and management s assumptions on revenue, revenue growth rates, operating margins, discount rates, and EBITDA (defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization). Our estimates can significantly affect the outcome of the test. We perform the fair value assessment using the income and market approach. Changes in our forecasted operating results and other assumptions could materially affect these estimates. This test is performed in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year unless 
 29 

circumstances require this analysis be completed sooner. The income approach is tested using a sensitivity analysis to changes in the discount rate and yield a sufficient buffer to significant variances in our estimates. The estimated fair value of our reporting unit exceeded its carrying value in excess of 4.6 billion in Fiscal 2022. A 1 decrease in the discount rate would increase the fair value of the reporting unit by 1.1 billion and a 1 increase in the discount rate would decrease the fair value by 0.9 billion. Based on management s evaluation, no impairment charges relating to goodwill were recorded for Fiscal 2022 or 2021. 
 In connection with acquisitions, the company has acquired trademarks, customer lists, and non-compete agreements, a portion of which are amortizable. The company evaluates these assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. The undiscounted future cash flows of each intangible asset are compared to the carrying amount, and if less than the carrying value, the intangible asset is written down to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. The fair value is computed using the same approach described above for goodwill and includes the same risks and estimates. The fair value of the trademarks could be less than our carrying value if any of our four material assumptions in our fair value analysis: (a) weighted average cost of capital; (b) long-term sales growth rates; (c) forecasted operating margins; and (d) market multiples do not meet our expectations, thereby requiring us to record an asset impairment. We use the multi-period excess earnings and relief from royalty methods to value these intangibles. The method used for impairment testing purposes is consistent with the valuation method employed at acquisition of the intangible asset. No impairment charges related to amortizing intangible assets were recorded in Fiscal 2022 or 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the company also owns trademarks acquired through acquisitions with a total carrying value of 127.1 million that are indefinite-lived intangible assets not subject to amortization. The company evaluates the recoverability of intangible assets not subject to amortization by comparing the fair value to the carrying value on an annual basis or at a time when events occur that indicate the carrying value may be impaired. In addition, the assets are evaluated to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support an indefinite life. The fair value is compared to the carrying value of the intangible asset, and if less than the carrying value, the intangible asset is written down to fair value. There are certain inherent risks included in our expectations about the performance of acquired trademarks and brands. If we are unable to implement our growth strategies for these acquired intangible assets as expected, it could adversely impact the carrying value of the brands. The fair value of the trademarks could be less than our carrying value if any of our four material assumptions in our fair value analysis: (a) weighted average cost of capital; (b) long-term sales growth rates; (c) forecasted operating margins; and (d) market multiples do not meet our expectations, thereby requiring us to record an asset impairment. 
 Leases. The company s leases consist of the following types of assets: two bakeries, corporate office space, warehouses, bakery equipment, transportation, and IT equipment. The company uses the applicable incremental borrowing rate at lease commencement to perform the lease classification tests on lease components and to measure the lease liabilities and right-of-use assets in situations when discount rates implicit in leases cannot be readily determined. 
 Self-Insurance Reserves. We are self-insured for various levels of general liability, auto liability, workers compensation, and employee medical and dental coverage. Insurance reserves are calculated on a combination of an undiscounted basis based on actual claims data and estimates of incurred but not reported claims developed utilizing historical claims trends. Projected settlements of incurred but not reported claims are estimated based on pending claims, historical trends, industry trends related to expected losses and actual reported losses, and key assumptions, including loss development factors and expected loss rates. Though the company does not expect them to do so, actual settlements and claims could differ materially from those estimated. Material differences in actual settlements and claims could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 A sensitivity analysis has been prepared to quantify the impact of changes in claim severity and frequency on the estimated unpaid losses on the company s workers compensation liabilities. We estimate a 1 change in the claim severity and frequency would result in immaterial changes in the workers compensation liability. 
 Income Tax Expense and Accruals. The annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates, and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Changes in statutory rates and tax laws in jurisdictions in which we operate may have a material effect on the annual tax rate. The effect of these changes, if any, would be recognized as a discrete item upon enactment. 
 Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenues and expenses. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured based on the enacted tax rates that will apply in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or paid. 
 Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and reserve for uncertain tax benefits reflect our best assessment of future taxes to be paid in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets if we believe it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred assets will not be realized. While the company considers future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, if these estimates and assumptions change in the future, the company may be required to adjust its valuation allowance, which could result in a charge to, or an increase in, income in the period such determination is made. 
 30 

Periodically, we face audits from federal and state tax authorities, which can result in challenges regarding the timing and amount of income or deductions. We provide reserves for potential exposures when we consider it more likely than not that a taxing authority may take a sustainable position on a matter contrary to our position. We evaluate these reserves on a quarterly basis to ensure that they have been appropriately adjusted for events, including audit settlements that may impact the ultimate payment of such potential exposures. While the ultimate outcome of audits cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not currently believe that current or future audits will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. The company is no longer subject to federal examination for years prior to Fiscal 2019, and with limited exceptions, for years prior to 2018 in state jurisdictions. 
 Postretirement Plans. The company records pension costs and benefit obligations related to its defined benefit plans based on actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect key assumptions determined by management, including the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and mortality. Material changes in pension costs and in benefit obligations may occur in the future due to experience that is different than assumed and changes in these assumptions. A sensitivity analysis of pension costs has been prepared to quantify the impact of changes in the discount rate. We estimate a 0.25 change in the discount rate would result in approximately 0.1 million change in pension costs on a pre-tax basis. 
 The company sponsors a defined benefit pension plan for union employees, Plan No. 2, and a frozen nonqualified plan covering former Tasty executives. 
 
 We use a spot rate approach granular method to estimate the service cost and interest cost components of benefit cost by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve to the relevant projected cash flows, as we believe this provides the best estimate of service and interest costs. 
 The pension plan s investment committee, which consists of certain members of management, establishes investment guidelines and regularly monitors the performance of the plan s assets. The investment committee is responsible for executing these strategies and investing the pension assets in accordance with ERISA and fiduciary standards. The investment objective of the pension plan is to preserve the plan s capital and maximize investment earnings within acceptable levels of risk and volatility. The investment committee meets on a regular basis with its investment advisors to review the performance of the plan s assets. Based upon performance and other measures and recommendations from its investment advisors, the investment committee rebalances the plan s assets to the targeted allocation when considered appropriate. The asset allocation for Plan No. 2 as of December 31, 2022 is equal to 0-70 equity securities, 30-100 fixed-income securities, and 0-10 short-term investments and cash. For the details of our pension plan assets, see Note 20, Postretirement Plans , of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. 
 In developing the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets at each measurement date, the company considers the plan assets historical actual returns, targeted asset allocations, and the anticipated future economic environment and long-term performance of the individual asset classes, based on the company s investment strategy. While appropriate consideration is given to recent and historical investment performance, the assumption represents management s best estimate of the long-term prospective return. Further, pension costs do not include an explicit expense assumption, and therefore the return on assets rate reflects the long-term expected return, net of expenses. Based on these factors, the long-term rate of return assumption for Plan No. 2 was set at 5.9 for Fiscal 2022 and is unchanged for Fiscal 2023. 
 The company utilizes the Society of Actuaries SOA published mortality tables and improvement scales in developing their best estimates of mortality. In October 2019, the SOA published its final report on their standard mortality table Pri-2012 ). For purposes of measuring pension benefit obligations of Plan No. 2, the company used a blue color adjustment to the Pri-2012 base table and a projection scale of MP-2021. No other collar adjustments are applied for any other plans. In addition, contingent annuitant mortality rates are applied for surviving spouses after the death of the original retiree. 
 The company determines the fair value of substantially all of its plans assets utilizing market quotes rather than developing smoothed values, market related values, or other modeling techniques. Plan asset gains or losses in a given year are included with other actuarial gains and losses due to remeasurement of the plans projected benefit obligations PBO ). If the total unrecognized gain or loss exceeds 10 of the larger of (i) the PBO or (ii) the market value of plan assets, the excess of the total unrecognized gain or loss is amortized over the expected average remaining service period of active covered employees (or average future lifetime of participants if the plan is inactive or frozen). Prior service cost or credit, which represents the effect on plan liabilities due to plan amendments, is amortized over the average remaining service period of active covered employees (or average future lifetime if the plan is inactive or frozen). 
 
 In Fiscal 2023, the company does not expect to make any cash contributions to Plan No. 2 and expects to pay 0.3 million in nonqualified pension benefits from corporate assets. 
 31 

Stock-based compensation. Stock-based compensation expense for all share-based payment awards granted is determined based on the grant date fair value. The company recognizes these compensation costs net of an estimated forfeiture rate, and recognizes compensation cost only for those shares expected to vest on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award, which is generally the vesting term of the share-based payment award. 
 We grant performance stock awards that separately have a market and performance condition. The expense computed for the total shareholder return shares TSR is fixed and recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The expense computed for the return on invested capital ROIC shares can change depending on the expected attainment of performance condition goals. The expense for the ROIC shares can be within a range of 0 to 125 of the target. There is a possibility that this expense component will change in subsequent quarters depending on how the company performs relative to the ROIC target. Additionally, there are time-based stock awards that vest over a period of three years. See Note 18, Stock-Based Compensation , of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information. In early Fiscal 2023, the company granted stock awards to certain employees. The company expects stock-based compensation expense for Fiscal 2023 to be relatively consistent with Fiscal 2022. This estimate is inclusive of an additional 1.5 million of expense anticipated to be recognized in the first quarter of Fiscal 2023 due to the payout for the Fiscal 2021 grant currently trending at 125 of target. 
 Commitments and contingencies. The company and its subsidiaries from time to time are parties to, or targets of, lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, including personal injury, commercial, contract, environmental, antitrust, product liability, health and safety and employment matters, including lawsuits related to the independent distributors, which are being handled and defended in the ordinary course of business. Loss contingencies are recorded at the time it is probable an asset is impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. For litigation claims, the company considers the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the loss. Losses are recorded in the selling, distribution, and administrative expenses line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Results of Operations 
 Consolidated Results - Fiscal 2022 compared to Fiscal 2021 
 The company s results of operations, expressed as a percentage of sales, are set forth below for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021: 

Percentage of Sales 

Increase (Decrease) 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

Dollars 

52 weeks 

52 weeks 

52 weeks 

52 weeks 

(Amounts in thousands, except percentages) 

Sales 

4,805,822 

4,330,767 

100.0 

100.0 

475,055 

11.0 

Materials, supplies, labor and other production costs (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 

2,501,995 

2,175,247 

52.1 

50.2 

326,748 

15.0 

Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses 

1,850,594 

1,719,797 

38.5 

39.7 

130,797 

7.6 

FASTER Act and loss on inferior ingredients 

236 

944 

0.0 

0.0 

(708) 
 
 NM 

Plant closure costs and impairment of assets 

7,825 

0.2 

7,825 

NM 

Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal costs 

3,300 

0.1 

(3,300) 
 
 NM 

Depreciation and amortization 

141,957 

136,559 

3.0 

3.2 

5,398 

4.0 

Income from operations 

303,215 

294,920 

6.3 

6.8 

8,295 

2.8 

Other components of net periodic pension and postretirement benefits credit 

(773) 

(405) 

(0.0) 

(0.0) 

(368) 
 
 NM 

Pension plan settlement loss 

403 

0.0 

(403) 
 
 NM 

Interest expense, net 

5,277 

8,001 

0.1 

0.2 

(2,724) 

(34.0) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

16,149 

0.4 

(16,149) 
 
 NM 

Income before income taxes 

298,711 

270,772 

6.2 

6.3 

27,939 

10.3 

Income tax expense 

70,317 

64,585 

1.5 

1.5 

5,732 

8.9 

Net income 

228,394 

206,187 

4.8 

4.8 

22,207 

10.8 

Comprehensive income 

227,281 

202,350 

4.7 

4.7 

24,931 

12.3 

NM the computation is not meaningful 
 Percentages may not add due to rounding. 
 
 32 

Sales 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

52 weeks 

52 weeks 

Change 

(Amounts in thousands) 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Branded retail 

3,139,220 

65.3 

2,874,714 

66.4 

9.2 

Other 

1,666,602 

34.7 

1,456,053 

33.6 

14.5 

Total 

4,805,822 

100.0 

4,330,767 

100.0 

11.0 

(The table above presents certain sales by category that have been reclassified from amounts previously reported to conform to the current period presentation.) 
 The change in sales was attributable to the following: 

Percentage point change in sales attributed to: 
 
 Branded Retail 

Other 

Total 

Favorable (Unfavorable) 

Pricing/Mix 

14.3 

18.1 

15.4 

Volume 

(5.1) 

(3.6) 

(4.4) 

Total percentage point change in sales 

9.2 

14.5 

11.0 

Computations above are calculated as follows: 

Price/Mix = Current fiscal year units x change in price per unit 

Price/Mix = Price/Mix P rior fiscal year Sales 

Volume = Prior fiscal year price per unit x change in units 

Volume = Volume P rior fiscal year Sales 

The company disaggregates its sales into two categories, Branded Retail and Other. This aligns with our brand-focused strategy to drive above-market growth via innovation and focusing on higher margin products. The Other category includes store branded retail and non-retail sales (foodservice, restaurant, institutional, vending, thrift stores, and contract manufacturing). 
 Sales increased significantly year over year primarily due to positive pricing actions implemented during the latter half of Fiscal 2021 and throughout Fiscal 2022 to mitigate considerable cost inflation. Volume declines partially offset the increase. Our mix of Branded Retail sales to total sales of 65.3 for Fiscal 2022 decreased modestly as compared to 66.4 for Fiscal 2021, but continued to exceed pre-pandemic levels (60.1 for Fiscal 2019). Volume decreases in Branded Retail and non-retail sales were partially offset by modest volume growth in store branded retail products. We continued to implement our portfolio strategy of shifting more of our sales to higher margin, value-added branded retail products. This shift in focus resulted in increased rationalization of store branded retail and non-retail products, which combined with supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, contributed to the volume decreases. Improved promotional efficiency (measurement of a promotion s impact on operating performance) in the current year also contributed to the sales increase. The promotional environment remained relatively stable during Fiscal 2022, however this trend may not continue in future periods. 
 We anticipate our Fiscal 2023 sales will be positively impacted by the benefit of price increases implemented during Fiscal 2022 and at the beginning of Fiscal 2023, and the Papa Pita acquisition completed in February 2023, however, this benefit could be offset to some extent by changes in consumer buying patterns which are unpredictable. 
 
 Branded Retail Sales 
 Branded Retail sales grew substantially year over year due to favorable price/mix resulting from price increases and improved promotional efficiency, partially offset by volume declines, most notably in branded cake items and branded traditional loaf bread products. Branded cake volumes were negatively impacted by targeted sales rationalization, supply chain disruptions, and labor shortages during Fiscal 2022. Volume declines in branded traditional loaf breads resulted partially from consumer demand shifting to store branded products. 
 Sales of our leading brands, Nature's Own, DKB, and Canyon Bakehouse , all experienced double-digit sales growth due to inflation-driven price increases and, to a much lesser extent, volume growth, although volumes were pressured by the impact of supply chain disruptions. In Fiscal 2022, we introduced Nature's Own Hawaiian loaf bread, Nature's Own Perfectly Crafted Sourdough loaf bread, DKB Organic Everything Bread, and Canyon Bakehouse Gluten-Free Brioche and Hawaiian dinner roll varieties, among other 
 33 

new products. Additionally, in Fiscal 2022, we introduced new varieties of DKB snack bars and, in December, announced the nationwide rollout of certain varieties. Previously, the DKB snack bars were only available for purchase in certain test markets or from our consumer testing website. In early Fiscal 2023, we launched DKB Crunchy Snack Bites in test markets. The DKB snack bars and snack bites are part of an initiative to extend our presence beyond the traditional bread category and into the snacking category. 
 
 Other Sales 
 Sales in the Other sales category increased considerably year over year due to price increases implemented to mitigate inflationary pressures. Volumes declined due to targeted sales rationalization, softer demand for our foodservice and restaurant products, and supply chain disruptions. Volume growth in store branded white loaf breads partially offset these declines as consumer demand shifted from branded retail products to store branded products. Sales of our store branded retail products had been declining prior to the pandemic and we experienced an acceleration of this trend during the prior two fiscal years. This trend started to reverse in the second quarter of Fiscal 2022 and the reversal expanded in the third and fourth quarters of Fiscal 2022. However, store branded retail sales continue to compose a smaller portion of our total sales mix as compared to pre-pandemic levels. 
 Materials, Supplies, Labor, and Other Production Costs (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately; as a percent of sales) 

Line item component 
 
 Fiscal 2022 of sales 

Fiscal 2021 of sales 

Change as a of sales 

Ingredients and packaging 

31.8 

28.1 

3.7 

Workforce-related costs 

13.8 

14.9 

(1.1) 

Other 

6.5 

7.2 

(0.7) 

Total 

52.1 

50.2 

1.9 

Overall, costs increased significantly year over year as a percent of sales due to considerable input cost inflation. In Fiscal 2022, inflation impacted all ingredient and packaging items, and most significantly flour costs, which outpaced the sales price increases. Increases in finished goods inventory year over year also resulted in higher ingredient and packaging costs. We anticipate that input costs will remain volatile in Fiscal 2023. Although workforce-related costs did not increase at the same rate as the sales price increases and decreased as a percent of sales year over year, the competitive labor market continues to impact our operations and we expect this trend to continue. Lower incentive compensation costs year over year, partly due to prior year appreciation bonuses for frontline workers of 4.0 million, also contributed to reduced workforce-related costs. The Other line item reflects reduced outside purchases of product (sales with no associated ingredient costs) and the impact of timing differences of the sell-through of product inventories, net of reduced manufacturing efficiencies and lower production volumes. Similar to workforce-related costs, other costs did not increase at the same rate as the sales price increases. 
 
 In the latter half of the first quarter of Fiscal 2022, we experienced heightened supply chain disruptions which impacted our ability to procure adequate quantities of certain raw materials and packaging items contributing to lower production volumes. We effectively navigated these challenges faster than originally anticipated, although with more costly inputs, partially mitigating the negative impact to our operating results. We expect these challenges to continue as a result of uncertainty in the global and U.S. supply chain. 
 We continually monitor the markets for ingredients and packaging materials, the prices of which have fluctuated widely, and may continue to do so, due to government policy and regulation, weather conditions, domestic and international demand, or other unforeseen circumstances. Ingredient and packaging costs are currently experiencing significant volatility and are expected to remain volatile during Fiscal 2023. To manage the impact of volatility in certain raw material prices, we enter into forward purchase agreements and other financial instruments. Any decrease in the availability of these agreements and instruments could increase the price of these raw materials and significantly affect our earnings. We currently anticipate ingredient and packaging costs to be a headwind in the first half of Fiscal 2023 relative to Fiscal 2022. 
 
 Selling, Distribution, and Administrative Expenses (as a percent of sales) 

Line item component 
 
 Fiscal 2022 of sales 

Fiscal 2021 of sales 

Change as a of sales 

Workforce-related costs 

10.8 

11.4 

(0.6) 

Distributor distribution fees 

14.6 

14.9 

(0.3) 

Other 

13.1 

13.4 

(0.3) 

Total 

38.5 

39.7 

(1.2) 

34 

Sales price increases and lower incentive compensation and employee fringe benefit costs year over year more than offset wage inflation rates resulting in lower workforce-related costs as a percent of sales. Prior year appreciation bonuses paid to frontline workers of 1.7 million also contributed to the lower workforce-related costs. The appreciation bonuses were in addition to the company s annual performance-based cash incentive plan in which all Flowers employees participate. Distributor distribution fees decreased as a percent of sales primarily due to a smaller portion of our sales being made through IDPs. However, this decrease was more than offset by the substantial rise in transportation costs which is reflected in the Other line item. 
 The decrease in the Other line item reflects the 15.6 million decrease in legal settlements and related costs year over year and the 3.4 million prior year acquisition consideration adjustment in the prior year. Increases in gains on sales of assets also contributed to the overall decrease in costs. Partially offsetting these items were 12.5 million of acquisition-related costs incurred in the current year and increased transportation costs. See the Matters Affecting Comparability section above for a discussion of legal settlements and related costs, the prior year acquisition consideration adjustment, and acquisition-related costs. Additionally, See Note 22, Commitments and Contingencies, of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding legal settlements. The company anticipates increased marketing expense in Fiscal 2023 to support the nationwide launch of our DKB snack bars. 
 FASTER Act and Loss on Inferior Ingredients, Plant Closure Costs and Impairment of Assets, and Multi-Employer Pension Plan Withdrawal Costs 
 Refer to the discussion in the Matters Affecting Comparability section above regarding these items. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 Depreciation and amortization expense decreased as a percent of sales due to price increases we have implemented, but increased in dollars primarily due to assets placed in service in the current year and depreciation associated with twenty-seven leased warehouses purchased at the end of Fiscal 2021, two of which were moved to assets held for sale in the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. The company anticipates depreciation and amortization expense will increase in Fiscal 2023 partly due to the Papa Pita acquisition and the ERP upgrade. 
 Income from Operations 
 Income from operations increased in dollars but decreased as a percent of sales year over year. The decrease as a percent of sales resulted primarily from significant input cost inflation and the plant closure costs incurred in the current year, partially offset by reduced selling, distribution, and administrative expenses and prior year multi-employer pension plan withdrawal costs. 
 Pension Plan Settlement Loss 
 As discussed in the Matters Affecting Comparability section above, we recognized 0.4 million of non-cash pension plan settlement charges in Fiscal 2021 associated with Plan No. 2. 
 Net Interest Expense 
 Year over year, net interest expense (exclusive of the portion related to the loss on extinguishment of debt discussed below) decreased in dollars and as a percent of sales primarily due to the lower interest rate on the 2031 notes as compared to the 2022 notes that were redeemed in the first quarter of Fiscal 2021 and, to a lesser extent, lower average amounts outstanding under our borrowing arrangements. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 In the first quarter of Fiscal 2021, we completed the redemption of the outstanding 2022 notes and incurred a loss of 16.1 million due to the make-whole provision of 15.4 million and the write-off of unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs totaling 0.7 million as further discussed in the Matters Affecting Comparability section above. 
 35 

Income Tax Expense 
 The effective tax rate for Fiscal 2022 was 23.5 compared to 23.9 in the prior year. The decrease in the rate year over year was primarily due to windfalls on stock-based compensation awards that vested in Fiscal 2022. For the current year, the primary differences in the effective rate and the statutory rate related to state income taxes and windfalls on the vesting of stock-based compensation awards in the current year. The primary differences in the effective rate and statutory rate for the prior year were state income taxes. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act IRA did not have a material impact on the effective tax rate for Fiscal 2022 and there is no anticipated material impact on the effective tax rate in future periods. 
 Comprehensive Income 
 The increase in comprehensive income year over year resulted primarily from the increase in net earnings and changes in the fair value of derivatives. 

LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL RESOURCES AND FINANCIAL POSITION 
 Strategy 
 We believe our ability to consistently generate cash flows from operating activities to meet our liquidity needs is one of our key financial strengths. Furthermore, we strive to maintain a conservative financial position as we believe it allows us flexibility to make investments and acquisitions and is a strategic competitive advantage. Currently, our liquidity needs arise primarily from working capital requirements, capital expenditures, and obligated debt repayments. We believe we currently have access to available funds and financing sources to meet our short and long-term capital requirements. The company s strategy for allocating excess cash flows includes: 
 implementing our strategic priorities, including our transformation strategy initiatives; 

paying dividends to our shareholders; 

maintaining a conservative financial position; 

making strategic acquisitions; and 

repurchasing shares of our common stock. 

Although there has been no material adverse impact on the company s results of operations, liquidity or cash flows in Fiscal 2022, volatility in global and U.S. economic environments could significantly impact our ability to generate future cash flows and w e continue to evaluate these various potential business risks. Those potential risks include the possibility of future economic downturns which could result in a significant shift away from our branded retail products to store branded products, supply chain disruptions that have impacted, and could continue to impact, the procurement of raw materials and packaging items, workforce availability, and our ability to implement additional pricing actions to offset rising inflation, among other risks. 
 In light of the potential risks detailed above associated with the current inflationary economic environment and the ongoing pandemic, the company has taken actions to safeguard its capital position. I n the first quarter of Fiscal 2021, we issued the 2031 notes and used the net proceeds from the offering to redeem in full the outstanding 2022 notes, extending the earliest maturity date of our non-revolving debt to 2026. If the company were to experience a significant reduction in revenues, the company would have additional alternatives to maintain liquidity, including amounts available on our debt facilities, capital expenditure reductions, adjustments to its capital allocation policy, and cost reductions. Although we do not currently anticipate a need, we also believe that we could access the capital markets to raise additional funds. We believe the fundamentals of the company remain strong and that we have sufficient liquidity on hand to continue business operations during the volatile global and U.S. economic environments and the pandemic. The company had total available liquidity of 852.3 million as of December 31, 2022, consisting of cash on hand and the available balances under the credit facility and the AR facility. 
 36 

We expect the transformation strategy initiatives will require significant capital investment and expense over the next several years. We currently anticipate the upgrade of our ERP system will cost approximately 350 million (of which approximately 32 has been or is anticipated to be capitalized) and anticipate the upgrade to be completed in 2026. Previously, these costs were estimated to be approximately 275 million. The increase in estimated costs resulted from expanding the project scope and anticipation of greater reliance on external resources for bakery deployments due to labor constraints. As of December 31, 2022, we have incurred costs related to the project of approximately 153 million. In Fiscal 2023, we expect costs for the upgrade of our ERP system (a portion of which may be expensed as incurred, capitalized, recognized as a cloud computing arrangement, or recognized as a prepaid service contract) to be approximately 80 million to 90 million. Costs related to our digital initiatives are more fluid and cannot currently be estimated. See Item 1A., Risk Factors , We may experience difficulties in designing and implementing the upgrade of our ERP system. 
 On February 17, 2023, we funded the purchase price of the Papa Pita transaction with cash on hand and from our credit facilities. 
 The company leases certain property and equipment under various financing and operating lease arrangements. Most of the operating leases provide the company with the option, after the initial lease term, to purchase the property at the then fair value, renew the lease at the then fair value, or return the property. The financing leases provide the company with the option to purchase the property at a fixed price at the end of the lease term. The company believes the use of leases as a financing alternative places the company in a more favorable position to fulfill its long-term strategy for the use of its cash flow. See Note 13, Leases , of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for detailed financial information regarding the company s lease arrangements. 
 On May 26, 2022, our Board of Directors increased the company's share repurchase authorization by 20.0 million shares. 
 Key items impacting our liquidity, capital resources and financial position in Fiscal 2022 and 2021: 
 Fiscal 2022: 
 Generated 360.9 million of net cash from operating activities. 

Paid dividends to our shareholders of 186.5 million. 

Invested in our business through capital expenditures of 169.1 million (inclusive of 61.3 million of capital expenditures, including amounts recognized in accounts payable at year end, for the ERP upgrade). 

Repurchased 34.6 million of our common stock. 

Incurred business process improvement consulting costs of 33.2 million related to the ongoing transformation strategy initiatives (exclusive of capitalized or deferred costs). 

Fiscal 2021: 
 Generated 344.6 million of net cash from operating activities. 

Paid dividends to our shareholders of 175.9 million. 

Reduced our total debt outstanding 81.9 million. 

Invested in our business through capital expenditures of 136.0 million (inclusive of 23.0 million of capital expenditures, including amounts recognized in accounts payable at year end, for the ERP upgrade) and purchase of leased warehouses of 64.7 million. 

Incurred business process improvement consulting costs of 31.3 million related to the ongoing transformation strategy initiatives (exclusive of capitalized or deferred costs). 

Liquidity Discussion 
 Flowers Foods cash and cash equivalents were 165.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 185.9 million at January 1, 2022. The cash and cash equivalents were derived from the activities presented in the table below (amounts in thousands): 

Cash flow component 
 
 Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

Cash flows provided by operating activities 

360,889 

344,610 

Cash disbursed for investing activities 

(151,088) 

(191,438) 

Cash disbursed for financing activities 

(222,167) 

(274,777) 

Effect of exchange rates in cash 

(8,371) 

Total change in cash 

(20,737) 

(121,605) 

37 

Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities included the following items for non-cash adjustments to net income (amounts in thousands): 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

Depreciation and amortization 

141,957 

136,559 

Loss on foreign currency exchange rates 

8,371 

Impairment of assets 

3,897 

Stock-based compensation 

25,822 

21,343 

Allowances for accounts receivable 

8,518 

6,071 

Deferred income taxes 

1,446 

6,777 

Gain reclassified from accumulated comprehensive income to net income 

(5,813) 

(2,115) 

Other non-cash items 

(708) 

3,795 

Net non-cash adjustment to net income 

183,490 

172,430 

Refer to the Acquisition-related costs (loss on foreign currency exchange rates) and Plant closure costs and impairment of assets discussion in the Matters Affecting Comparability section above regarding these items. 

For Fiscal 2022 and 2021, deferred income tax activity was primarily composed of changes in temporary differences year over year. 

Other non-cash items include non-cash interest expense for the amortization of debt discounts and deferred financing costs (including 0.7 million related to the write-off of unamortized costs upon the early redemption of the 2022 notes in the first quarter of Fiscal 2021), activity in the allowances for inventory obsolescence, and gains or losses on the sale of assets. 

Net cash for working capital requirements and pension plan contributions included the following items (amounts in thousands): 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

Changes in accounts receivable, net 

(55,420) 

(10,600) 

Changes in inventories, net 

(37,396) 

(9,767) 

Changes in hedging activities, net 

(224) 

(4,967) 

Changes in other assets and accrued liabilities, net 

(39,080) 

(46,749) 

Changes in accounts payable 

82,125 

38,076 

Qualified pension plan contributions 

(1,000) 

Net changes in working capital and pension plan contributions 

(50,995) 

(34,007) 

The change in accounts receivable, inventories, and accounts payable were mainly attributable to significant price increases and cost inflation in Fiscal 2022 and 2021. 

Hedging activities change from market movements that affect the fair value and required collateral of positions and the timing and recognition of deferred gains or losses. These changes will occur as part of our hedging program, although the degree and financial impact cannot be estimated. 

38 

The change in other assets primarily resulted from changes in prepaid assets, service contracts, and income tax receivable balances in each respective period. Changes in employee compensation accruals, legal settlement accruals, and payroll tax deferrals under the CARES Act primarily resulted in the change in other accrued liabilities. In Fiscal 2021, we paid 1.5 million of restructuring-related cash charges. In Fiscal 2022, we accrued 7.5 million of legal settlements and paid 18.5 million, of which 16.5 million had been accrued for in the prior year. Additionally, during Fiscal 2022, we repurchased distribution rights as required by a prior year legal settlement totaling 4.3 million. In Fiscal 2021, we accrued 23.1 million of legal settlements (inclusive of distribution rights repurchase obligations) and paid 11.9 million, all of which had been accrued for in prior years. We anticipate making payments of approximately 32.6 million, including our share of employment taxes, in performance-based cash awards under our cash incentive plans in the first quarter of Fiscal 2023. During Fiscal 2022 and 2021, the company paid 43.8 million and 64.6 million, respectively, including our share of employment taxes, in performance-based cash awards under the company s incentive plan. An additional 1.8 million and 0.4 million was paid during Fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively, for our share of employment taxes on the vesting of the performance-contingent restricted stock awards in each respective year. Under the CARES Act, the company deferred approximately 30.0 million of the employer share of Social Security tax for the period from the beginning of the second quarter of Fiscal 2020 through December 31, 2020 and paid approximately 15.0 million in December 2021 and the remainder in December 2022. 

During Fiscal 2022, we made a voluntary qualified defined benefit pension plan cash contribution of 1.0 million to Plan No 2. We did not make any contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in Fiscal 2021. We do not expect to make any voluntary cash contributions to our pension plans in Fiscal 2023 and expect to pay 0.3 million in nonqualified pension benefits from corporate assets. The company believes its cash flow and balance sheet will allow it to fund future pension needs without adversely affecting the business strategy of the company. 

Cash Flows Disbursed for Investing Activities. The table below presents net cash disbursed for investing activities for Fiscal 2022 and 2021 (amounts in thousands): 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

Purchase of property, plant, and equipment 

(169,071) 

(135,964) 

Purchase of leased portfolio 

(64,689) 

Principal payments from notes receivable, net of repurchases of independent distributor territories 

18,829 

15,276 

Acquisition of trademarks 

(10,200) 

Investment in unconsolidated affiliate 

(9,000) 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 

7,681 

2,995 

Other 

473 

1,144 

Net cash disbursed for investing activities 

(151,088) 

(191,438) 

The company currently estimates capital expenditures of approximately 140.0 million to 150.0 million (inclusive of expenditures for the ERP upgrade of 20.0 million to 30.0 million) in Fiscal 2023. 

As discussed in the Executive Overview section above, we invested 9.0 million in Base Culture, a Clearwater, Florida-based company with one manufacturing facility. 

Cash Flows Disbursed for Financing Activities. The table below presents net cash disbursed for financing activities for Fiscal 2022 and 2021 (amounts in thousands): 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

Dividends paid, including dividends on share-based payment awards 

(186,501) 

(175,903) 

Payment of financing fees 

(282) 

(6,022) 

Stock repurchases 

(34,586) 

(9,510) 

Change in bank overdrafts 

799 

261 

Net change in debt obligations 

(81,858) 

Payments on financing leases 

(1,597) 

(1,745) 

Net cash disbursed for financing activities 

(222,167) 

(274,777) 

Our annual dividend rate increased from 0.84 per share in Fiscal 2021 to 0.88 per share in Fiscal 2022. While there are no requirements to increase our dividend rate, we have shown a recent historical trend to do so. We anticipate funding future dividend payments from cash flows from operations. 

39 

In Fiscal 2022, we paid additional financing costs associated with the Fiscal 2021 amendment of the credit facility and for the amendment of the AR facility in the third quarter of Fiscal 2022. In the prior year period, we paid financing costs associated with the issuance of the 2031 notes in the first quarter of Fiscal 2021 and for the amendments of the AR facility and credit facility in the third quarter of Fiscal 2021. 

Stock repurchase decisions are made based on our stock price, our belief of relative value, and our cash projections at any given time. See Note 17, Stockholders Equity , of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information. A portion of these shares were acquired to satisfy employees tax withholding and payment obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards, which are repurchased by the company based on the fair market value on the vesting date. 

See the discussion below under the Capital Structure section regarding changes in debt obligations. 

Capital Structure 
 Long-term debt and right-of-use lease obligations and stockholders equity were as follows at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. For a detailed description of our debt and right-of-use lease obligations and information regarding our distributor arrangements, deferred compensation, and guarantees and indemnification obligations, see Note 13, Leases, and Note 14, Debt and Other Commitments , of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K: 

Interest Rate at 
 
 Final 
 
 Balance at 

Fixed or 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Maturity 
 
 December 31, 2022 

January 1, 2022 

Variable Rate 

(Amounts in thousands) 

2031 notes 
 
 2.40 
 
 2031 

493,994 

493,333 

Fixed Rate 

2026 notes 
 
 3.50 
 
 2026 

397,848 

397,276 

Fixed Rate 

Credit facility 
 
 5.42 
 
 2026 

Variable Rate 

AR facility 
 
 5.27 
 
 2024 

Variable Rate 

Right-of-use lease obligations 

2036 

282,862 

300,522 

1,174,704 

1,191,131 

Less: Current maturities of long-term debt and right-of-use lease obligations 

(45,769) 

(47,974) 

Long-term debt and right-of-use lease obligations 

1,128,935 

1,143,157 

Total stockholders equity was as follows at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022: 

Balance at 

December 31, 2022 

January 1, 2022 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Total stockholders' equity 

1,443,290 

1,411,274 

On March 9, 2021, the company issued 500.0 million of senior notes with a maturity date of March 15, 2031. The company pays semiannual interest on the 2031 notes on each March 15 and September 15 and the notes bear interest at 2.400 per annum. The net proceeds received of 494.3 million (before expenses and net of debt discount at issuance of 2.4 million and underwriting discount of 3.3 million) from the issuance of the 2031 notes were used for the early redemption of the outstanding 2022 notes and repayments on the AR facility and the credit facility. The early redemption of the 2022 notes resulted in cash payments of 415.4 million (inclusive of a make-whole amount of 15.4 million) which is classified as a financing cash outflow in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. We recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of 16.1 million comprised of the make-whole cash payment of 15.4 million and non-cash charges of 0.7 million for the write-off of unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs. 
 40 

The credit facility and AR facility are generally used for short term liquidity needs. The company has historically entered into amendments and extensions approximately one year prior to the maturity of these facilities. During the third quarter of Fiscal 2021, we amended the credit facility to, among other things, extend the maturity date to July 30, 2026. During the third quarter of Fiscal 2022, we amended the AR facility to, among other things, extend the maturity date to September 27, 2024. The following table details the amounts available under the AR facility and credit facility and the highest and lowest balances outstanding under these arrangements during Fiscal 2022: 

Amount Available 

Highest 
 
 Lowest 

for Withdrawal at 

Balance in 
 
 Balance in 

Facility 
 
 December 31, 2022 

Fiscal 2022 
 
 Fiscal 2022 

(Amounts in thousands) 

AR facility 

195,600 

100,000 

Credit facility (1) 

491,600 

200,000 

687,200 

(1) Amount excludes a provision in the agreement which allows the company to request an additional 200.0 million in additional revolving commitments. 

Amounts outstanding under the credit facility can vary daily. Changes in the gross borrowings and repayments can be caused by cash flow activity from operations, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends, share repurchases, and tax payments, as well as derivative transactions which are part of the company s overall risk management strategy as discussed in Note 10, Derivative Financial Instruments, of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. During Fiscal 2022, the company borrowed 230.0 million in revolving borrowings under the credit facility and repaid 230.0 million in revolving borrowings. The amount available under the credit facility is reduced by 8.4 million for letters of credit. 
 The AR facility and the credit facility are variable rate debt. In periods of rising interest rates, the cost of using these facilities will become more expensive and increase our interest expense. Therefore, borrowings under these facilities provide us the greatest direct exposure to rising rates. 
 Restrictive financial covenants for our borrowings include such ratios as a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. Our debt may also contain certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default. The company believes that, given its current cash position, its cash flow from operating activities and its available credit capacity, it can comply with the current terms of the debt agreements and can meet its presently foreseeable financial requirements. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the company was in compliance with all restrictive covenants under our debt agreements. 
 The company has debt exposure to LIBOR under certain of its agreements, but the agreements contain LIBOR successor rate provisions to cover the discontinuance of LIBOR. The company's successor provisions as currently drafted would result in the adoption of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) if then determinable. 
 Special Purpose Entities. At December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the company did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which are established to facilitate off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 
 Guarantees. In the event the company ceases to utilize the independent distribution form of doing business or exits a geographic market, the company is contractually required to purchase the distribution rights from the independent distributors. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Plan. Previously, our Board had approved a plan that authorized share repurchases of up to 74.6 million shares of the company s common stock. On May 26, 2022, the Board increased the company's share repurchase authorization by 20.0 million shares. At the close of the company s fourth quarter on December 31, 2022, 24.4 million shares remained under the existing authorization. Under the share repurchase plan, the company may repurchase its common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions or under an accelerated repurchase program at such times and at such prices as determined to be in the company s best interest. These purchases may be commenced or suspended without prior notice depending on then-existing business or market conditions and other factors. 
 During Fiscal 2022, 1.32 million shares of the company s common stock were repurchased under the plan at a cost of 34.6 million and during Fiscal 2021, 0.41 million shares were repurchased under the plan at a cost of 9.5 million. From the inception of the plan through December 31, 2022, 70.1 million shares have been repurchased, at a cost of 687.5 million. There were no repurchases of the company s common stock during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 41 

New Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 See Note 3, Recent Accounting Pronouncements, of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K regarding this information. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The company uses derivative financial instruments as part of an overall strategy to manage market risk. The company uses forwards, futures, swaps, and option contracts to hedge existing or future exposure to changes in interest rates and commodity prices. The company does not enter into these derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those anticipated, interest rates and commodity prices could increase significantly, adversely affecting our interest costs and the margins from the sale of our products. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 The company enters into commodity forward, futures, option, and swap contracts for wheat and, to a lesser extent, other commodities in an effort to provide a predictable and consistent commodity price and thereby reduce the impact of market volatility in its raw material and packaging prices. As of December 31, 2022, the company s hedge portfolio contained commodity derivatives with a fair value (liability) of (0.5) million and is based on quoted market prices. Approximately (0.4) million relates to instruments that will be utilized in Fiscal 2023 and the remaining (0.1) million will be utilized in Fiscal 2024. 
 A sensitivity analysis has been prepared to quantify the company s potential exposure to commodity price risk with respect to its derivative portfolio. Based on the company s derivative portfolio as of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical ten percent change in commodity prices would increase or decrease the fair value of the derivative portfolio by 4.7 million. The analysis disregards changes in the exposures inherent in the underlying hedged items; however, the company expects that any increase or decrease in the fair value of the portfolio would be substantially offset by increases or decreases in raw material and packaging prices. 
 Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data 
 Refer to the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and the Financial Statement Schedule for the required information. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Control s and Procedures 
 Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: 
 We have established and maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information relating to the company, which is required to be timely disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), is accumulated and communicated to management in a timely fashion and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms. An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) was performed as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. This evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including both our CEO and our CFO and CAO. 
 Based upon that evaluation, both our CEO and our CFO and CAO have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and our CFO and CAO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein. 
 42 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Othe r Information 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign J urisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 43 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item with respect to directors of the company is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the captions Proposal I Election of Directors , Directors and Corporate Governance Directors , Directors and Corporate Governance Corporate Governance The Board of Directors and Committees of the Board of Directors , Directors and Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Relationships Among Certain Directors , Audit Committee Report and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders expected to be filed with the SEC in April (the proxy ). The information required by this item with respect to executive officers of the company is set forth in Part I of this Form 10-K. 
 We have adopted the Flowers Foods, Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Officers and Members of the Board of Directors (the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics ), which applies to all of our directors and executive officers. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is publicly available on our website at www.flowersfoods.com in the CORPORATE GOVERNANCE section of the INVESTORS tab. If we make any substantive amendments to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or we grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, that applies to any of our directors or executive officers, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, we intend to disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website at the same location. Alternatively, we may elect to disclose the amendment or waiver in a current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 
 Our President and CEO certified to the NYSE on June 16, 2022 pursuant to Section 303A.12 of the NYSE s listing standards, that he was not aware of any violation by Flowers Foods of the NYSE s corporate governance listing standards as of that date. 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the caption Executive Compensation in the proxy. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The following chart sets forth the amounts of securities authorized for issuance under the company s compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (1) 

Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (2) 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column(a)) (3) 

Plan Category 
 
 (a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

3,919,189 

897,922 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

3,919,189 

897,922 

(1) Includes the grant of 1,630,266 time-based restricted stock units and 2,288,923 performance-based awards. The performance-based awards assume outstanding awards vest at the maximum potential number of shares issuable and may overstate potential dilution. 

(2) Time-based restricted stock units and performance-based awards are not considered in the weighted average exercise price as these awards have no exercise price. 

(3) Assumes all unvested awards are issuable at the maximum potential number of shares issuable and may overstate potential dilution. 

44 

Under the company s 2014 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (the Omnibus Plan ), the Board is authorized to grant a variety of stock-based awards, including stock options, restricted stock and deferred stock, to its directors and certain of its employees. The number of securities set forth in column (c) above reflects securities available for issuance as stock options, restricted stock and deferred stock under the company s compensation plans. The number of shares originally available under the Omnibus Plan is 8,000,000 shares. The Omnibus Plan replaced the Flowers Foods 2001 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan, as amended and restated as of April 1, 2009 EPIP ), the Stock Appreciation Rights Plan, and the Annual Executive Bonus Plan. As a result, no additional shares will be issued under the EPIP. There are 82,779 deferred shares outstanding under the EPIP that will be issued at the end of the deferral period. See Note 18, Stock-Based Compensation, of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information on equity compensation plans. 
 The remaining information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the proxy. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the caption Directors and Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Determination of Independence and Transactions with Management and Others in the proxy. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the caption Proposal III Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 Audit Firm Fee Summary in the proxy. 
 45 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Fina ncial Statement Schedules 
 (a) List of documents filed as part of this report. 

1. Financial Statements of the Registrant 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2. Exhibits. The following documents are filed as exhibits hereto: 

46 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

No 

Name of Exhibit 

2.1 

Distribution Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2000, by and between Flowers Industries, Inc. and Flowers Foods, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Flowers Foods Registration Statement on Form 10, dated December 1, 2000, File No. 1-16247). 

2.2 

Amendment No. 1 to Distribution Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2001, by and between Flowers Industries, Inc. and Flowers Foods, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Flowers Foods Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated March 30, 2001, File No. 1-16247). 

2.3 

Acquisition Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2012, by and among Flowers Foods, Inc., Lobsterco I, LLC, Lepage Bakeries, Inc., RAL, Inc., Bakeast Company, Bakeast Holdings, Inc., and the equityholders named therein (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated June 1, 2012, File No. 1-16247). 

2.4 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 31, 2012, by and among Flowers Foods, Inc., Lobsterco II, LLC, Aarow Leasing, Inc., The Everest Company, Incorporated and the shareholders named therein (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated June 1, 2012, File No. 1-16247). 

2.5 

Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2013, by and among Hostess Brands, Inc., Interstate Brands Corporation, IBC Sales Corporation, Flowers Foods, Inc. and FBC Georgia, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 14, 2013, File No. 1-16247). 

2.6 

Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2015, by and among AVB, Inc., Goode Seed Holdings, LLC, Goode Seed Co-Invest, LLC, Glenn Dahl, trustee of the Glenn Dahl Family Trust, U/A/D November 28, 2012, David J. Dahl, trustee of the David Dahl Family Trust, U/A/D May 1, 2012, Shobi L. Dahl, trustee of the Shobi Dahl Family Trust, U/A/D, December 16, 2011, Flowers Bakeries, LLC, Flowers Foods, Inc., and Goode Seed Holdings, LLC, as shareholders representative (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.6 to Flowers Foods Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, dated August 6, 2020, File No. 1-16247). 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Flowers Foods, Inc., as amended through May 21, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated May 28, 2020, File No. 1-16247). 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Flowers Foods, Inc., as amended through May 21, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated May 28, 2020, File No. 1-16247). 

4.1 

Form of Share Certificate of Common Stock of Flowers Foods, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Flowers Foods Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 29, 2012, File No. 1-16247). 

4.2 

Indenture, dated as of April 3, 2012, by and between Flowers Foods, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated April 3, 2012, File No. 1-16247). 

4.3 

Officer s Certificate pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Indenture (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated April 3, 2012, File No. 1-16247). 

4.4 

Form of 4.375 Senior Notes due 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated April 3, 2012, File No. 1-16247). 

4.5 

Flowers Foods, Inc. 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, as amended through December 17, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Flowers Foods Registration Statement on Form S-8, dated May 21, 2014, File No. 333-196125). 

4.6 

Officer s Certificate pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Indenture (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated September 28, 2016, File No. 1-16247). 

4.7 

Form of 3.500 Senior Notes due 2026 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated September 28, 2016, File No. 1-16247). 

4.8 

Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

4.9 

Officer s Certificate pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Indenture (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated March 9, 2021. File No. 1-16247). 

4.10 

Form of 2.400 Senior Notes due 2031 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated March 9, 2021. File No. 1-16247). 

10.01 

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2011, by and among, Flowers Foods, Inc., the Lenders party thereto from time to time, Cooperative Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., Rabobank Nederland , New York Branch, Branch Banking and Trust Company, and Regions Bank, as co-documentation agents, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent, and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated May 26, 2011, File No. 1-16247). 

47 

Exhibit 

No 

Name of Exhibit 

10.02 

First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2012, by and among Flowers Foods, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as administrative agent, swingline lender and issuing lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 21, 2012, File No. 1-16247). 

10.03 

Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2013, by and among Flowers Foods, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent, swingline lender and issuing lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated April 10, 2013, File No. 1-16247). 

10.04 

Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2014, by and among Flowers Foods, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent, swingline lender and issuing lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 18, 2014, File No. 1-16247). 

10.05 

Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2015, by and among Flowers Foods, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent, the swingline lender and issuing lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Flowers Foods Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, dated May 28, 2015, File No. 1-16247). 

10.06 

Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2016, among Flowers Foods, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent, the swingline lender and issuing lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated April 22, 2016, File No. 1-16247). 

10.07 

Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2017, among Flowers Foods, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent, the swingline lender and issuing lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 30, 2017, File No. 1-16247). 

10.08 

Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021, among Flowers Foods, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as existing administrative agent, the swingline lender and issuing lender, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as successor administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 2, 2021, File No. 1-16247). 

10.09 

Receivables Loan, Security and Servicing Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2013, by and among Flowers Finance II, LLC, Flowers Foods, Inc., Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation, Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., Rabobank Nederland, New York Branch, as facility agent and as a committed lender, certain financial institutions party thereto from time to time, and Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., Rabobank Nederland , New York Branch, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated July 22, 2013, File No. 1-16247). 

10.10 

First Amendment to Receivables Loan, Security and Servicing Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2014, by and among Flowers Finance II, LLC, Flowers Foods, Inc., Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation, Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., Rabobank Nederland, New York Branch, as facility agent and as a committed lender, and Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., Rabobank Nederland , New York Branch, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 12, 2014, File No. 1-16247). 

10.11 

Second Amendment to Receivables Loan, Security and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2014, by and among Flowers Finance II, LLC, Flowers Foods, Inc., Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation, Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., Rabobank, New York Branch, as facility agent and as a committed lender, and Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., Rabobank , New York Branch, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Flowers Foods Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 25, 2015, File No. 1-16247). 

10.12 

Third Amendment and Waiver to Receivables Loan, Security and Servicing Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2015, by and among Flowers Finance II, LLC, Flowers Foods, Inc., Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V., Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., Rabobank , New York Branch, as facility agent and as a committed lender, PNC Bank, National Association, as facility agent and as a committed lender, and Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., Rabobank, New York Branch, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Flowers Foods Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, dated November 12, 2015, File No. 1-16247). 

10.13 

Fourth Amendment to Receivables Loan, Security and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2016, by and among Flowers Finance II, LLC, Flowers Foods, Inc., Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V., Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., as facility agent and as a committed lender, PNC Bank, National Association, as facility agent and as a committed lender, and Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 3, 2016, File No. 1-16247). 

48 

Exhibit 

No 

Name of Exhibit 

10.14 

Fifth Amendment to Receivables Loan, Security and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2017, among Flowers Finance II, LLC, Flowers Foods, Inc., Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V., Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., as facility agent and as a committed lender, PNC Bank, National Association, as facility agent and as a committed lender, and Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, dated November 8, 2017, File No. 1-16247). 

10.15 

Sixth Amendment to Receivables Loan, Security and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2018, among Flowers Finance II, LLC, Flowers Foods, Inc., Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.U., Co peratieve Rabobank U.A. (f/k/a Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.), as facility agent and committed lender, PNC Bank, National Association, as facility agent and committed lender, and Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch (f/k/a Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., New York Branch), as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, dated November 7, 2018, File No. 1-16247). 

10.16 

Seventh Amendment to Receivables Loan, Security and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2019, among Flowers Finance II, LLC, Flowers Foods, Inc., Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.U., Co peratieve Rabobank U.A. (f/k/a Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.), as facility agent and committed lender, PNC Bank, National Association, as facility agent and committed lender, and Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch (f/k/a Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., New York Branch), as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, dated November 6, 2019, File No. 1-16247). 

10.17 

Eighth Amendment to Receivables Loan, Security and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2020, among Flowers Finance II, LLC, Flowers Foods, Inc., Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V., Co peratieve Rabobank U.A. (f/k/a Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.), as facility agent for the Nieuw Amsterdam Lender Group and as a committed lender, Regions Bank, as facility agent for the Regions Bank Lender Group and as a committed lender, and Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch (f/k/a Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., New York Branch), as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, dated November 5, 2020, File No. 1-16247). 

10.18 

Ninth Amendment to Receivables Loan, Security and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2021, among Flowers Finance II, LLC, Flowers Foods, Inc., Nie10.uw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V., Co peratieve Rabobank U.A. (f/k/a Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.), as facility agent for the Nieuw Amsterdam Lender Group and as a committed lender, Regions Bank, as facility agent for the Regions Bank Lender Group and as a committed lender, and Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch (f/k/a Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., New York Branch), as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Flowers Foods Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, dated November 12, 2021. File No. 1-16247). 

10.19 

Tenth Amendment to Receivables Loan, Security and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2022, among Flowers Finance II, LLC, Flowers Foods, Inc., Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V., Co peratieve Rabobank U.A. (f/k/a Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.), as facility agent for the Nieuw Amsterdam Lender Group and as a committed lender, Regions Bank, as facility agent for the Regions Bank Lender Group and as a committed lender, and Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch (f/k/a Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., New York Branch), as administrative agent. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, dated November 10, 2022, File No. 1-16247). 

10.20 
 + 

Flowers Foods, Inc. 2001 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective as of April 1, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Annex A to Flowers Foods Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, dated April 24, 2009, File No. 1-16247). 

10.21 
 + 

Flowers Foods, Inc. Stock Appreciation Rights Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Flowers Foods Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated March 29, 2002, File No. 1-16247). 

10.22 
 + 

Flowers Foods, Inc. Annual Executive Bonus Plan (Incorporated by reference to Annex B to Flowers Foods Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, dated April 24, 2009, File No. 1-16247). 

10.23 
 + 

Flowers Foods, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated May 27, 2014, File No. 1-16247). 

10.24 
 + 

Flowers Foods, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Flowers Foods Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated March 29, 2002, File No. 1-16247). 

10.25 
 + 

Form of Indemnification Agreement, by and between Flowers Foods, Inc., certain executive officers and the directors of Flowers Foods, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Flowers Foods Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated March 28, 2003, File No. 1-16247). 

10.26 
 + 

Flowers Foods, Inc. 2005 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2005 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of Flowers Foods Registration Statement on Form S-8, dated December 29, 2008, File No. 333-156471). 

49 

Exhibit 

No 

Name of Exhibit 

10.27 
 + 

Flowers Foods, Inc. Change of Control Plan, effective as of February 23, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 29, 2012, File No. 1-16247). 

10.28 
 + 

Form of 2020 Performance Stock Agreement, by and between Flowers Foods, Inc. and certain executive officers of Flowers Foods, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Flowers Foods Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 19, 2020, File No. 1-16247). 

10.29 
 + 

Form of 2021 Performance Stock Agreement, by and between Flowers Foods, Inc. and certain executive officers of Flowers Foods, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Flowers Foods Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 24, 2021, File No. 1-16247). 

10.30 
 + 

Form of 2021 Time Based Restricted Stock Agreement, by and between Flowers Foods, Inc. and certain executive officers of Flowers Foods, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Flowers Foods Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 24, 2021, File No. 1-16247). 

10.31 
 + 

Form of 2022 Performance Stock Agreement, by and between Flowers Foods, Inc. and certain executive officers of Flowers Foods, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Flowers Foods Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 23, 2022, File No. 1-16247). 

10.32 
 + 

Form of 2022 Time Based Restricted Stock Agreement, by and between Flowers Foods, Inc. and certain executive officers of Flowers Foods, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Flowers Foods Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 23, 2022, File No. 1-16247). 

10.33 
 + 

Form of 2023 Performance Stock Agreement, by and between Flowers Foods, Inc. and certain executive officers of Flowers Foods, Inc. 

10.34 
 + 

Form of 2023 Time Based Restricted Stock Agreement, by and between Flowers Foods, Inc. and certain executive officers of Flowers Foods, Inc. 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of Flowers Foods, Inc . 

23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by A. Ryals McMullian, President and Chief Executive Officer, R. Steve Kinsey, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase. 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

104 

The cover page from Flowers Foods Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 

Filed herewith 
 + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 Item 16. Fo rm 10-K Summary 
 The company has elected not to provide summary information. 
 50 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Flowers Foods, Inc. has duly caused this Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 22nd day of February, 2023. 

FLOWERS FOODS, INC. 

/s/ A. RYALS MCMULLIAN 

A. Ryals McMullian 

President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ R. STEVE KINSEY 

R. Steve Kinsey 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

51 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Flowers Foods, Inc. and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ A. RYALS MCMULLIAN 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

A. Ryals McMullian 

/s/ R. STEVE KINSEY 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 February 22, 2023 

R. Steve Kinsey 

/s/ GEORGE E. DEESE 
 
 Chairman 
 
 February 22, 2023 

George E. Deese 

/s/ EDWARD J. CASEY, JR 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Edward J. Casey, Jr. 

/s/ THOMAS C. CHUBB III 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Thomas C. Chubb III 

/s/ RHONDA O. GASS 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Rhonda O. Gass 

/s/ BENJAMIN H. GRISWOLD IV 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Benjamin H. Griswold IV 

/s/ MARGARET G. LEWIS 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Margaret G. Lewis 

/s/ W. JAMESON MCFADDEN 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

W. Jameson McFadden 

/s/ JAMES T. SPEAR 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

James T. Spear 

/s/ MELVIN T. STITH, PH.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Melvin T. Stith, Ph.D. 

/s/ TERRY S. THOMAS 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

Terry S. Thomas 

/s/ C. MARTIN WOOD III 
 
 Director 
 
 February 22, 2023 

C. Martin Wood III 

52 

FLOWERS FOODS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Income for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020 
 F- 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 

F- 1 

Report of Independent R egistered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Flowers Foods, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Flowers Foods, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Workers' Compensation Reserves 
 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is self-insured for various levels of general liability, including workers compensation. As of December 31, 2022, self- insurance reserves totaled approximately 30.6 million, of which workers compensation reserves represent a portion of the total balance. Management estimates workers compensation reserves based on actual claim data and estimates of incurred but not reported claims developed utilizing historical claim trends, and projected settlements of incurred but not reported claims are estimated based on pending claims, historical trends and industry trends related to expected losses and actual reported losses and key assumptions, including loss development factors and expected loss rates. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to workers compensation reserves is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the estimated workers compensation reserves; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in performing procedures and in evaluating audit evidence relating to the estimated workers compensation reserves and management s significant assumptions related to loss development factors and expected loss rates; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s estimate of workers compensation reserves, including controls over the development of significant assumptions related to the determination of the loss development factors and expected loss rates. These procedures also included, among others, obtaining and evaluating the Company s workers compensation plan documents and testing management s process for estimating the workers compensation reserves. Testing management s process included (i) evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions, including the loss development factors and expected loss rates used by management to estimate workers compensation reserves, (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of incurred and paid claims data used in management s workers compensation reserves and (iii) using professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the actuarial valuation methods and the reasonableness of loss development factors and expected loss rates. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since at least 1969. We have not been able to determine the specific year we began serving as auditor of the Company. 
 F- 3 

FLOWERS FOODS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 

January 1, 2022 

(Amounts in thousands, except share data) 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts and notes receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 

Inventories: 

Raw materials 

Packaging materials 

Finished goods 

Spare parts and supplies 

Other 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment: 

Land 

Buildings 

Machinery and equipment 

Furniture, fixtures and transportation equipment 

Construction in progress 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Financing lease right-of-use assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Notes receivable from independent distributor partners 

Assets held for sale 

Other assets 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Current maturities of financing leases 

Current maturities of operating leases 

Accounts payable 

Other accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt and right-of-use lease liabilities: 

Noncurrent long-term debt 

Noncurrent financing lease obligations 

Noncurrent operating lease obligations 

Total long-term debt and right-of-use lease liabilities 

Other liabilities: 

Post-retirement/post-employment obligations 

Deferred taxes 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total other long-term liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock stated par value, authorized and issued 

Preferred stock stated par value, authorized and issued 

Common stock stated par value and current par value; authorized shares; issued shares 

Treasury stock and shares, respectively 

() 

() 

Capital in excess of par value 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 4 

FLOWERS FOODS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STAT EMENTS OF INCOME 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

52 weeks 

52 weeks 

53 weeks 

(Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Sales 

Materials, supplies, labor and other production costs (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 

Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Restructuring and related impairment charges 

FASTER Act and loss on inferior ingredients 

Plant closure costs and impairment of assets 

Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal costs 

Income from operations 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

() 

() 

() 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Pension plan settlement and curtailment loss 

Other components of net periodic pension and postretirement benefits credit 

() 

() 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Net income per common share: 

Basic: 

Net income per common share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Diluted: 

Net income per common share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Cash dividends paid per common share 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 5 

FLOWERS FOODS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

52 weeks 

52 weeks 

53 weeks 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax: 

Pension and postretirement plans: 

Settlement and curtailment loss 

Net actuarial gain for the period 

Current year prior service credit 

Amortization of prior service (credit) cost included in net income 

() 

Amortization of actuarial loss included in net income 

Pension and postretirement plans, net of tax 

Derivative instruments: 

Gain (loss) on effective portion of derivatives 

() 

(Gain) loss reclassified to net income 

() 

() 

Derivative instruments, net of tax 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 6 

FLOWERS FOODS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHA NGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock 

Capital 

Accumulated Other 

Treasury Stock 

Number of Shares Issued 

Par Value 

in Excess of Par Value 

Retained Earnings 

Comprehensive Loss 

Number of Shares 

Cost 

Total 

(Amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Balances at December 28, 2019 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 

Derivative instruments, net of tax (Note 10) 

Pension and postretirement plans, net of tax (Note 20) 

Stock repurchases 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of deferred stock awards 

() 

Amortization of stock-based compensation awards 

Time-based restricted stock awards issued (Note 18) 

() 

Issuance of deferred compensation 

() 

Dividends paid on vested stock-based payments awards 

() 

() 

Dividends paid per common share 

() 

() 

Balances at January 2, 2021 

() 

() 

Net income 

Derivative instruments, net of tax (Note 10) 

() 

() 

Pension and postretirement plans, net of tax (Note 20) 

Stock repurchases 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of deferred stock awards 

() 

Amortization of stock-based compensation awards 

Time-based restricted stock awards issued (Note 18) 

() 

Issuance of deferred compensation 

() 

Dividends paid on vested stock-based payments awards 

() 

() 

Dividends paid per common share 

() 

() 

Balances at January 1, 2022 

() 

() 

Net income 

Derivative instruments, net of tax (Note 10) 

() 

() 

Pension and postretirement plans, net of tax (Note 20) 

Stock repurchases 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of deferred stock awards 

() 

Amortization of stock-based compensation awards 

Time-based restricted stock awards issued (Note 18) 

() 

Performance-contingent restricted stock awards issued (Note 18) 

() 

Issuance of deferred compensation 

() 

Dividends paid on vested stock-based payments awards 

() 

() 

Dividends paid per common share 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 7 

FLOWERS FOODS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

52 weeks 

52 weeks 

53 weeks 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Cash flows provided by (disbursed for) operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Loss on foreign currency exchange rates 

Restructuring and related impairment charges 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Impairment of assets 

(Gain) loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to net income 

() 

() 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

Provision for inventory obsolescence 

Allowances for accounts receivable 

Pension and postretirement plans expense 

Other 

() 

() 

Qualified pension plan contributions 

() 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

() 

() 

() 

Inventories, net 

() 

() 

() 

Hedging activities, net 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Other assets and accrued liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows provided by (disbursed for) investing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of independent distributor territories 

() 

() 

() 

Cash paid at issuance of notes receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Principal payments from notes receivable 

Acquisition of trademark 

() 

Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment 

Purchase of leased warehouses 

() 

Investment in unconsolidated affiliate 

() 

Other investing activities 

Net cash disbursed for investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows provided by (disbursed for) financing activities: 

Dividends paid, including dividends on share-based payment awards 

() 

() 

() 

Contingent consideration 

() 

Payments for debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Stock repurchases 

() 

() 

() 

Change in bank overdrafts 

Proceeds from debt borrowings 

Debt obligation payments 

() 

() 

() 

Payments on financing leases 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash disbursed for financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rates on cash 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Issuance of executive deferred compensation plan common stock 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new financing lease liabilities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Issuance of notes receivable on new distribution territories, net 

Distributor routes sold with deferred gains, net 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment included in accounts payable 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes paid, net of refunds of , and , respectively 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 

FLOWERS FOODS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The company s production facilities deliver products to independent distributor partners IDP or IDPs ), who sell and deliver those products to outlets of retail accounts that are within the IDPs defined geographic territory. The IDPs sell products using either scan-based trading SBT technology, authorized charge tickets, or cash sales. SBT technology allows the retailer to take ownership of our products when the consumer purchases the products rather than at the time they are delivered to the retailer. Control of the inventory does not transfer upon delivery to the retailer because the company controls the risks and rights until the product is scanned at the reseller s register. Each of the company s products is considered distinct because the resellers expect each item to be a performance obligation. The company s performance obligations are satisfied at the point in time when the end consumer purchases the product because each product is considered a separate performance obligation. Consequently, revenue is recognized at a point in time for each scanned item. The company has concluded that we are the principal for SBT sales. In Fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020, the company recorded billion, billion, and billion, respectively, in sales through SBT. SBT is utilized primarily in certain national and regional retail accounts SBT Outlet ). Generally, revenue is not recognized by the company upon delivery of our products by the company to the IDP or upon delivery of our products by the IDP to an SBT Outlet, but when our products are purchased by the end consumer. Product inventory in the SBT Outlet is reflected as inventory on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The IDP performs a physical inventory of products at each SBT Outlet weekly and reports the results to the company. The inventory data submitted by the IDP for each SBT Outlet is compared with the product delivery data. Product delivered to a SBT Outlet that is not recorded as inventory in the product delivery data has been purchased by the consumer/customer of the SBT Outlet and is recorded as sales revenue by the company. Non-SBT sales are classified as either authorized charge sales or cash sales. The company provides marketing support to the IDP for authorized charge sales but does not provide marketing support to the IDP for cash sales. Marketing support includes providing a dedicated account representative, resolving complaints, and accepting responsibility for product quality which collectively define how to manage the relationship. Revenue is recognized at a point in time for non-SBT sales. The company retains inventory risk, establishes negotiated special pricing, and fulfills the contractual obligations for authorized charge sales. The company is the principal, the IDP is the agent, and the reseller is the customer. Revenue is recognized for authorized charge sales when the product is delivered to the customer because the company has satisfied its performance obligations. Cash sales occur when the IDP is the end customer. The IDP maintains accounts receivable, inventory and fulfillment risk for cash sales. The IDP also controls pricing for the resale of cash sale products. The company is the principal and the IDP is the customer, and an agent relationship does not exist. The discount paid to the IDP for cash sales is recorded as a reduction to revenue. Revenue is recognized for cash sales when the company s products are delivered to the IDP because the company has satisfied its performance obligations. Certain sales are under contracts and include a formal ordering system. Orders are placed primarily using purchase orders PO or electronic data interchange information. Each PO, together with the applicable master supply agreement, is determined to be a separate contract. Product is delivered via contract carriers engaged by either the company or the customer with shipping terms provided in the PO. Each unit sold, for all product categories, is a separate performance obligation. Each unit is considered distinct because the customer can benefit from each unit by selling each one separately to the end consumer. Additionally, each unit is separately identifiable in the PO. Products are delivered either freight-on-board FOB shipping or destination. The company s right to payment is at the time our products are obtained from our warehouse for FOB shipping deliveries. The right to payment for FOB destination deliveries occurs after the products are delivered to the customer. Revenue is recognized at a point in time when control transfers. The company pays commissions to brokers who obtain contracts with customers. Commissions are paid on the total value of the contract, which is determined at contract inception and is based on expected future activity. Broker commissions will not extend beyond a one-year term because each product is considered a separate order in the PO. The company recognizes the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the assets that the company otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. These costs are included in our selling, distribution, and administrative expenses line item on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The company disaggregates revenue by sales channel. Our sales channels are branded retail and other. The other channel includes, store branded retail, foodservice, restaurants, institutional, vending, thrift stores, and contract manufacturing. The company does not disaggregate revenue by geographic region, customer type, or contract type. All revenues are recognized at a point in time. 

Other 

Total 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

() 

Fiscal 2021 

() 

() 

Fiscal 2020 

() 

The amounts charged to expense for bad debts in the table above, inclusive of other non-trade accounts receivable amounts, are reported as adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The write-offs represent the amounts that are used to reduce the gross accounts and notes receivable at the time the balance due from the customer is written-off. Walmart/Sam s Club is our only customer with a balance greater than 10 of outstanding trade receivables. Their percentage of trade receivables was and , on a consolidated basis, as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 , respectively. No other customer accounted for greater than 10 of the company s outstanding receivables. 
 , and of sales, respectively. 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

Walmart/Sam s Club is the only customer to account for greater than 10 of the company s sales. 
 The company will write down inventory to net realizable value for estimated unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and the estimated net realizable value for situations when the inventory is impaired by damage, deterioration, or obsolescence. 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

The amounts charged to expense for inventory loss in the table above are reported as adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The write-offs and other column represents the amounts that are used to reduce gross inventories. 
 million, million, and million, respectively, including the costs paid to IDPs. 
 
 is recorded for the financed amount with a corresponding credit to assets held for sale to relieve the carrying amount of the territory. Any difference between the selling price of the business and the distribution rights carrying value, if any, is recorded as a gain or a loss in selling, distribution, and administrative expenses because the company considers the IDP activity a cost of distribution. This gain is recognized over the term of the outstanding notes receivable as payments are received from the IDP. In instances where a distribution right is sold for less than its carrying value, a loss is recorded at the date of sale and any impairment of a distribution right held for sale is recorded at such time when the impairment occurs. The deferred gains were million and million at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively, and are recorded in other short and long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The company recorded net gains of million during Fiscal 2022, million during Fiscal 2021 and million during Fiscal 2020 related to the sale of distribution rights as a component of selling, distribution, and administrative expenses. The gains recorded during Fiscal 2021 included a loss of million of repurchase obligations of distribution rights related to a legal settlement. See Note 22, Commitments and Contingencies , for details on this settlement. 

Machinery and equipment 

Furniture, fixtures and transportation equipment 

Property recorded as leasehold improvements is amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the leased property. 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

The company had capitalized interest during Fiscal 2022, 2021 , and 2020. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. Upon disposal or retirement, the cost and accumulated depreciation of assets are eliminated from the respective accounts. Any gain or loss is reflected in the company s Consolidated Statements of Income and is included in adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities on the other line item in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 , with a few leases that are month to month, and accounted for as short-term leases. See discussion on short-term leases below. The term of bakery equipment leases primarily ranges from . Transportation equipment generally has terms of . IT equipment is typically leased from . Certain equipment (i.e., equipment subject to management contracts) and IT equipment leases have terms and are accounted for as short-term leases. See discussion on short-term leases below. These contracts may contain renewal options for periods of up to years at fixed percentages of market pricing, with some that are reasonably certain of exercise. For those contracts that contain leases, the company recognizes renewal options as part of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. All other renewal and termination options are not reasonably certain of exercise or occurrence as of December 31, 2022. These contracts may also contain right of first offer purchase options, along with expansion options that are not reasonably certain of exercise. For these real estate contracts, the company s exclusive use of specified real estate for a specific term and for consideration resulted in the company treating these contracts as leases. For those contracts that contain leases of buildings and land, the company has elected to not separate land components from leases of specified property, plant, and equipment, as it was determined to have no effect on lease classification for any lease component, and the amounts recognized for the land lease components would have been immaterial. These contracts may also contain end-term purchase options, whereby the company may purchase the assets for stated pricing at the lesser of fair market value or a percentage of original asset cost. Yet, these purchase options were determined to not be reasonably certain of exercise or occurrence as of December 31, 2022 . guarantees, and there are no other restrictions or covenants in the contracts. The company s ability to make those decisions that most effect the economic benefits derived from the use of the equipment, accompanied by receiving substantially all outputs and utility from the use of the equipment resulted in the company accounting for these contracts as leases. These leases are classified as operating leases because real estate leases do not transfer ownership at the end of the lease term, assets are not of such a specialized nature that real estate would not have alternative uses to lessors at the end of the lease term, lease terms do not represent a major part of the total useful life of real estate, and the present value of lease payments do not represent substantially all the fair value of leased assets at commencement. Short-term leases The company has also entered into short-term leases of certain real estate assets, along with IT equipment, and various equipment used for short-term bakery needs through equipment placement or service contracts that require purchase of consumables. These leases extend for periods of one to . Lease term and amounts of payments are generally fixed. present, however, there generally are renewals that could extend lease terms for additional periods. Generally, renewal options, as they cannot be unilaterally exercised, are not reasonably certain of exercise, Therefore, the company recognizes lease payments from these short-term leases and variable payments on the Consolidated Statements of Income in the period in which obligation for those payments have been incurred. Modifications and reassessments During Fiscal 2022 and 2021, the company elected certain renewal options that were not previously certain of exercise. Election of these renewal options resulted in reassessment of lease terms for the applicable leases. The company included the renewal periods in measurement of lease terms for the applicable leases. Given that rental payments in the renewal periods were fixed, the company also remeasured the lease payments, and reallocated remaining contract consideration to the lease components within the applicable real estate leases. Although the triggering events did not result in changes to lease classification (i.e., all remained operating leases), they did affect the measurement of lease liabilities, right-of-use assets ROU assets ), and amounts recognized as lease expense for the applicable real estate leases. Other significant judgments and assumptions For all classes of assets, the company primarily used our incremental borrowing rates IBR to perform lease classification tests and measure lease liabilities because discount rates implicit in the company s leases were not readily determinable. Embedded leases The company maintains a transportation agreement with an entity that transports a portion of the company's fresh bakery products from the company's production facilities to outlying distribution centers. The company concluded that this agreement contained embedded leases for the trucks and trailers used to satisfy the service provider's obligations to the company through December 31, 2020. On December 31, 2020, a re-measurement event occurred, and a conclusion was reached that these no longer met the requirements of an embedded lease due to a change in the contractual terms to allow for the substitution of assets, among other changes to the terms. As a result, on January 2, 2021, there were ROU assets or liabilities associated with the transportation agreement. The gain on the termination of these embedded leases was million. During Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, the company entered into embedded leases for IT equipment that, as of December 31, 2022 were million of financing ROU assets and million of financing ROU liabilities. As of January 1, 2022, the embedded leases were million of financing ROU assets and million of financing ROU liabilities. The company did not enter into any embedded leases during Fiscal 2021 or 2022. See Note 13, Leases , for our lease quantitative disclosures. 
 operating segment based on the nature of products the company sells, intertwined production and distribution model, the internal management structure and information that is regularly reviewed by the CEO, who is the chief operating decision maker, for the purpose of assessing performance and allocating resources. 
 On July 19, 2022, the company announced the closure of the Holsum Bakery in Phoenix, Arizona. The bakery produced bread and bun products and ceased production on October 31, 2022. This closure is part of our strategy to optimize our sales portfolio and improve supply chain and manufacturing efficiency. The company recognized asset impairment charges for bakery equipment of million in the third quarter of Fiscal 2022. There were restructuring and related impairment charges during Fiscal 2022 and 2021. 

Line and distribution depot closings 

Spare parts 

Lease impairment charges 

Impairment of assets 

Fiscal 2020 During Fiscal 2020, the company sold closed bakeries included in assets held for sale and certain idle equipment at other bakeries included in property, plant, and equipment, resulting in the recognition of million of impairment charges. Additionally, the company recognized property, plant, and equipment impairment charges of million for line and distribution depot closures and an office building it decided to sell, and million for spare parts related to equipment it no longer intended to use. Additionally, in order to optimize our distribution network, we vacated certain distribution depots during Fiscal 2020, some of which are owned and others that were leased. See Note 5, Restructuring Activities , for details. 
 to for these assets. The attribution methods we primarily use are the sum-of-the-year digits for customer relationships and straight-line for other intangible assets. These finite-lived intangible assets generally include trademarks, customer relationships, non-compete agreements, distributor relationships, and supply agreements. Identifiable intangible assets that are determined to have an indefinite useful economic life are not amortized. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment, at least annually, using a one-step fair value-based approach or when certain indicators of potential impairment are present. We have elected not to perform the qualitative approach. We also reassess the indefinite-lived classification to determine if it is appropriate to reclassify these assets as finite-lived assets that will require amortization. We consider historical performance and future estimated results in our evaluation of impairment. If facts and circumstances indicate that the cost of any indefinite-lived intangible assets may be impaired, an evaluation of the fair value of the asset is compared to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference. We use the multi-period excess earnings and relief from royalty methods to value these indefinite-lived intangible assets. Fair value is estimated using the future gross, discounted cash flows associated with the asset using the following five material assumptions: (a) discount rate; (b) long-term sales growth rates; (c) forecasted operating margins (not applicable to the relief from royalty method), (d) assumed royalty rate; and (e) market multiples. The method used for impairment testing purposes is consistent with the valuation method employed at acquisition of the intangible asset. These indefinite-lived intangible assets are trademarks acquired in a purchase business combination. In order to optimize sales and production of our organic products, the company decided to cease using the Alpine Valley finite-lived trademark, resulting in a million impairment charge in the second quarter of 2020. In the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2020, an additional million impairment charge was recognized at the time the company decided to cease using one of its regional brands. These costs are recorded in the restructuring and related impairment charges line item on our Consolidated Statements of Income. The company evaluates useful lives for finite-lived intangible assets to determine if facts or circumstances arise that may impact the estimates of useful lives assigned and the remaining amortization duration. Indefinite-lived intangible assets that are determined to have a finite useful life are tested for impairment as an indefinite-lived intangible asset prior to commencing amortization. We determined that an indefinite-lived asset should be reclassified to finite-lived with an attribution period covering our estimate of the assets useful life. These intangible assets were assigned a useful life ranging from to . Future adverse changes in market conditions or poor operating results of underlying intangible assets could result in losses or an inability to recover the carrying value of the intangible assets that may not be reflected in the assets current carrying values, thereby possibly requiring an impairment charge in the future. See Note 9, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets , for additional disclosure. 
 impairment resulted from the annual review performed in Fiscal 2022, 2021, or 2020. See Note 9, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets , for additional disclosure. 
 For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of commodity price risk, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) AOCI and subsequently reclassified in the period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings within the same income statement line item as the earnings effect of the hedged transaction. All our commodity derivatives at December 31, 2022 qualified for hedge accounting. See Note 10, Derivative Financial Instruments , for additional disclosure. The company routinely transfers amounts from AOCI to earnings as transactions for which cash flow hedges were held occur and impact earnings. Amounts reclassified out of AOCI to net income that relate to commodity contracts are presented as an adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Significant situations which do not routinely occur that could cause transfers from AOCI to earnings are the cancellation of a forecasted transaction for which a derivative was held as a hedge or a significant and material reduction in volume used of a hedged ingredient such that the company is over hedged and must discontinue hedge accounting. During Fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020 there were no discontinued hedge positions. The impact to earnings is included in our materials, supplies, labor and other production costs (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately) line item. Changes in the fair value of the asset or liability are recorded as either a current or long-term asset or liability depending on the underlying fair value. Amounts reclassified to earnings for the commodity cash flow hedges are presented as an adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. See Note 10, Derivative Financial Instruments , for additional disclosure. 
 
 million, million, and million for Fiscal years 2022, 2021 , and 2020, respectively. Advertising and marketing costs are recorded in the selling, distribution, and administrative expense line item in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 

and are subject to impairment evaluation. An impairment could be triggered if the company determines that the underlying software under review will no longer be used. The net balance of capitalized software development costs included in plant, property and equipment was million and million at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. Amortization expense of capitalized software development costs, which is included in depreciation and amortization expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income, was million, million, and million in Fiscal 2022, 2021 , and 2020, respectively. 
 the need for the valuation allowance. In the event the company was to determine that it would be more likely than not able to realize its deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount, an adjustment to the valuation allowance would increase income in the period such a determination was made. Likewise, should the company determine that it would not more likely than not be able to realize all or part of its net deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the valuation allowance would decrease income in the period such determination was made. The company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation process. Interest related to unrecognized tax benefits is recorded within the interest expense line in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 21, Income Taxes , for additional disclosure. 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

the plans assets. The investment committee is responsible for executing these strategies and investing the pension assets in accordance with ERISA and fiduciary standards. The investment objective of the pension plans is to preserve the plans capital and maximize investment earnings within acceptable levels of risk and volatility. The investment committee meets on a regular basis with its investment advisors to review the performance of the plans assets. Based upon performance and other measures and recommendations from its investment advisors, the investment committee rebalances the plans assets to the targeted allocation when considered appropriate. 
 million of senior notes (the 2031 notes and million of senior notes (the 2026 notes ), respectively. On April 3, 2012, the company issued million of senior notes (the 2022 notes which the company later redeemed on April 8, 2021. These notes are recorded in our financial statements at carrying value, net of debt discount and issuance costs. The debt discount and issuance costs are being amortized over the term of the note to interest expense. In addition, and for disclosure purposes, the fair value of the notes is estimated using yields obtained from independent pricing sources for similar types of borrowing arrangements and is considered a Level 2 valuation. Additional details are included in Note 16, Fair Value of Financial Instruments . 
 million, million, and million for Fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. These costs are recorded as selling, distribution, and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 million and million, respectively, and is reflected in the selling, distribution, and administrative expenses line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 million, multi-employer pension plan withdrawal costs of million, and asset impairment and equipment relocation charges for bakery equipment of million in the third quarter of Fiscal 2022. See Note 20, Postretirement Plans , of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for details on the multi-employer pension plan withdrawal costs. During the first quarter of Fiscal 2022, the company decided to sell two warehouses acquired at the end of Fiscal 2021 and recorded an impairment charge of million. The company completed the sale of the impaired warehouse at the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 million in costs from the pursuit of an acquisition that failed to materialize. In addition to customary acquisition costs, we incurred million related to realized foreign currency exchange losses. Although the majority of the target company's sales were made in the U.S., the target company's foreign domicile required us to convert funds from U.S. dollars to complete the transaction. Following that conversion, a significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the target company's currency resulted in the foreign currency exchange loss upon conversion back into U.S. dollars following the failure of the deal. On December 13, 2022, the company announced it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Papa Pita Bakery, a manufacturer and distributor of bagels, tortillas, breads, buns, English muffins, and flat breads. Founded in 1983, Papa Pita operates one facility in West Jordan, Utah. Its primary brands include Papa Pita, Great Grains, Bubba's Bagels, and Maya's Tortillas . The acquisition closed on February 17, 2023 and the company funded the transaction with cash on-hand and from our existing credit facilities. The company incurred million of acquisition-related costs associated with the acquisition in Fiscal 2022. The acquisition-related costs for these transactions are reflected in the selling, distribution and administrative expenses line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 million in Base Culture, a Clearwater, Florida-based company with one manufacturing facility. Base Culture's product offerings include better-for-you, gluten-free, and grain-free sliced breads and baked goods and are all-natural, 100 Paleo-certified, kosher-certified, dairy-free, soy-free, and non-GMO verified. The investment is being accounted for at cost, less any impairment, adjusted for changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions involving the affiliate, as we do not control nor do we have the ability to significantly influence the affiliate, nor is there a readily determinable fair value. Should circumstances change where the fair value is known, a fair value adjustment may be necessary. 

million of compliance costs associated with the Food, Allergy Safety, Treatment, Education, and Research Act (the FASTER Act) signed into law on April 23, 2021 and effective on January 1, 2023. The FASTER Act declared sesame as the ninth major food allergen recognized by the U.S. and requires, among other things, all food products containing sesame (or products produced on the same equipment as products containing sesame) to list it in the ingredients statement or in a separate allergen statement on the packaging. The costs were mostly attributable to write-offs of obsolete packaging not in compliance with the new requirements and are recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Income. (Recovery) Loss on Inferior Ingredients During Fiscal 2021, the company issued a voluntary recall on certain Tastykake multi-pack cupcakes sold in states and certain Tastykake Krimpets distributed to retail customers throughout the U.S. due to the potential presence of tiny fragments of metal mesh wire. The recall was initiated following notification by a vendor of the possible contamination in a supplied ingredient. We incurred costs of million related to the recall in Fiscal 2021 and received a full reimbursement for the loss in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022. During Fiscal 2020, the company received ingredient shipments containing gluten which were used to produce our gluten-free products. The company issued a voluntary product recall due to the potential presence of gluten in certain products. The products recalled were distributed to retail customers in states. The recall was initiated after finished product testing revealed the possible presence of gluten. The cause was gluten present in ingredients from a supplier that should not have contained gluten. We incurred costs of million related to the recall of gluten-free products and an adjustment to previously recorded inferior yeast costs discussed below. During Fiscal 2021, the company incurred costs of million and received reimbursements of approximately million for these previously incurred costs. In June 2018, the company received from a supplier several shipments of inferior yeast, which reduced product quality and disrupted production and distribution of foodservice and retail bread and buns at several of the company s bakeries during the second quarter. While the supplier confirmed that the inferior yeast used in the baking process was safe for consumption, customers and consumers reported instances of unsatisfactory product attributes, primarily involving smell and taste. During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2020, the company received a million reimbursement from the supplier for the direct costs associated with the inferior yeast. We also received a reimbursement of million for indirect losses associated with the inferior yeast, and this amount is included in the selling, distribution, and administrative expenses line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income. Unless otherwise noted, the costs and reimbursements related to these inferior ingredients are included in the FASTER Act and loss on inferior ingredients line item in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Expense recognized on inferior ingredients 

Recoveries recognized on inferior ingredients 

() 

() 

() 

FASTER Act and loss on inferior ingredients 

business units BUs ), Fresh Bakery and Snacking/Specialty since May of 2017, and realigned key leadership roles. This structure also provided for centralized marketing, sales, supply chain, shared-services/administrative, and corporate strategy functions, each with more clearly defined roles and responsibilities. On July 17, 2020, the company implemented additional organizational structure changes designed to increase focus on brand growth, product innovation, and improving underperforming bakeries. Elimination of the BUs and adoption of a brand focused organizational structure was completed in the third quarter of Fiscal 2020 and the company continues to report our financial results in operating segment. Project Centennial was completed in Fiscal 2020 and there were additional costs recognized in Fiscal 2022 or 2021. See Note 1, Basis of Presentation, for a description of our segment presentation. Unless otherwise noted, restructuring related costs are recorded in the restructuring and related impairments line item on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Impairment charges, net of gain on sale 

Employee termination benefits 

Restructuring and related impairment charges (1) 

Project Centennial implementation costs (2) 

Total Project Centennial restructuring and implementation costs 

(1) 

 (2) 

Line and distribution depot closure costs 

Spare parts 

Brand rationalization study impairments 

Lease impairment charges 

Total restructuring impairment of assets 

Fiscal 2020 In order to optimize sales and production of our organic products, the company decided to cease using the Alpine Valley finite-lived trademark, resulting in a million impairment charge in the second quarter of Fiscal 2020. In the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2020, the company decided to cease using one of its regional brands and recognized an additional million impairment charge. Additionally, we recognized million of ingredient and packaging impairments as a result of brand and product rationalization initiatives. During Fiscal 2020, the company sold closed bakeries that were included in assets held for sale and certain idle equipment at other bakeries that were included in property, plant, and equipment, resulting in the recognition of million of impairment charges. Additionally, the company recognized property, plant, and equipment impairment charges of million for manufacturing line and distribution depot closures and an office building it has decided to sell, and million for spare parts related to equipment the company no longer intends to use. In order to optimize our distribution network, we vacated certain distribution depots during Fiscal 2020, some of which are owned and others that were leased. This resulted in the recognition of lease impairment charges totaling million and lease termination charges of million. During Fiscal 2020, the company incurred million of employee termination benefits charges related to a voluntary employee separation incentive plan (the VSIP ). Additionally, the company announced an involuntary reduction-in-force plan (the RIF and recognized charges of million during Fiscal 2020. These charges consisted primarily of employee severance and benefits-related costs. The remaining payments related to the plans of million were paid in early Fiscal 2021. 

() 
 
 Interest expense 

Commodity contracts 

() 
 
 Cost of sales, Note 3, below 

Total before tax 

() 
 
 Total before tax 

Tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

Tax expense 

Total net of tax 

() 
 
 Net of tax 

Pension and postretirement plans: 

Prior-service credits (cost) 

() 

() 
 
 Note 1, below 

Settlement loss 

() 

() 
 
 Note 1, below 

Actuarial losses 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Note 1, below 

Total before tax 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Total before tax 

Tax benefit 

Tax benefit 

Total net of tax 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net of tax benefit 

Total reclassifications from AOCI 

() 
 
 Net of tax benefit 
 
 Note 1: Note 2: Note 3: 

Commodity contracts 

() 

Total before tax 

() 

Tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

Total net of tax 

() 

Pension and postretirement plans: 

Current year actuarial loss 

Current year prior service credit 

Total before tax 

Tax expense 

() 

() 

() 

Total net of tax 

Total recognized in AOCI 

() 

During Fiscal 2022, changes to AOCI, net of income tax, by component were as follows (amounts in thousands): 

Cash Flow Hedge Items 

Defined Benefit Pension Plan Items 

Total 

AOCI at January 1, 2022 

() 

Other comprehensive gain before reclassifications 

Reclassified to earnings from AOCI 

() 

() 

AOCI at December 31, 2022 

() 

During Fiscal 2021, changes to AOCI, net of income tax, by component were as follows (amounts in thousands): 

Cash Flow Hedge Items 

Defined Benefit Pension Plan Items 

Total 

AOCI at January 2, 2021 

() 

Other comprehensive (gain) loss before reclassifications 

() 

() 

Reclassified to earnings from AOCI 

() 

() 

AOCI at January 1, 2022 

() 

Amounts reclassified out of AOCI to net income that relate to commodity contracts are presented as an adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

() 

Tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

Net of tax 

() 

F- 23 

. 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

The notes receivable are collateralized by the IDPs distribution rights. Additional details are included in Note 16, Fair Value of Financial Instruments . 

Property, plant and equipment 

Total assets held for sale 

The company repurchases distribution rights from IDPs in circumstances when the company decides to exit a territory or, in some cases, when the IDP elects to terminate its relationship with the company. In most distributor agreements, if the company decides to exit a territory or stop using the independent distribution model in a territory, the company is contractually required to purchase the distribution rights from the IDP. In the event an IDP terminates its relationship with the company, the company, although not legally obligated, may repurchase and operate those distribution rights as a company-owned territory. The IDPs may also sell their distribution rights to another person or entity. Distribution rights purchased from IDPs and operated as company-owned territories are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in the line item Assets Held for Sale while the company actively seeks another IDP to purchase the distribution rights for the territory. Distribution rights held for sale and operated by the company are sold to IDPs at fair market value pursuant to the terms of a distributor agreement. There are multiple versions of the distributor agreement in place at any given time and the terms of such distributor agreements vary. During the first quarter of Fiscal 2022, the company reclassified two warehouses acquired at the end of Fiscal 2021 as held for sale and recorded an impairment charge of million. The company completed the sale of the impaired warehouse at the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. The company received net proceeds of million. During Fiscal 2022, the company completed the sale of equipment and property previously included as held for sale and received net proceeds of million. 

 million and recognized a gain of million at the time of sale. Also during Fiscal 2021, the company acquired and classified million and million of equipment and property, respectively, as held for sale. 

Amortizable intangible assets, net of amortization 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets 

Total goodwill and other intangible assets 

Goodwill was t impaired in Fiscal 2022, 2021, or 2020. 

Customer relationships 

Non-compete agreements 

Distributor relationships 

Distributor routes held and used 

Total 

The company acquired trademarks for million during the second quarter of Fiscal 2021. These trademarks are being amortized over their estimated useful life. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, there was million of indefinite-lived intangible trademark assets separately identified from goodwill. These trademarks are classified as indefinite-lived because there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the asset is expected to contribute to our cash flows. They are well established brands with a long history and well-defined markets. In addition, we are continuing to use these brands both in their original markets and throughout our expansion territories. We believe these factors support an indefinite-life assignment with an annual impairment analysis to determine if the trademarks are realizing their expected economic benefits. Fiscal 2020 restructuring and related impairment charges In order to optimize sales and production of our organic products, the company decided to cease using the Alpine Valley finite-lived trademark, resulting in a million impairment charge in the second quarter of Fiscal 2020. In the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2020, an additional million impairment charge was recognized at the time the company decided to cease using another one of its regional brands. These costs are recorded in the restructuring and related impairment charges line item on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

F- 25 

Other long-term assets 

Total 

Liabilities: 

Other current liabilities 

() 

() 

Other long-term liabilities 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Net Fair Value 

() 

() 
 
 As of January 1, 2022, the company s commodity hedge portfolio contained derivatives which are recorded in the following accounts with fair values measured as indicated (amounts in thousands): 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Assets: 

Other current assets 

Other long-term assets 

Total 

Liabilities: 

Other current liabilities 

() 

() 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total 

() 

() 

Net Fair Value 

The positions held in the portfolio are used to hedge economic exposure to changes in various raw materials and production input prices and effectively fixes the price, or limits increases in prices, for a period of time extending into Fiscal 2024. These instruments are designated as cash-flow hedges. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for the accounting treatment of these hedged transactions. Interest Rate Risk During the first quarter of Fiscal 2021, the company entered into treasury locks to fix the interest rate for the 2031 notes issued on March 9, 2021. The derivative positions were closed when the debt was priced on March 2, 2021 with a cash settlement net receipt of million that offset changes in the benchmark treasury rate between execution of the treasury rate locks and the debt pricing date. These rate locks were designated as a cash flow hedge and the deferred amount reported in AOCI is being reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the notes through the maturity date. The company previously entered into treasury rate locks at the time we executed the 2026 notes. These rate locks were designated as a cash flow hedge and the fair value at termination was deferred in AOCI. The deferred amount reported in AOCI is being reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the related notes through the maturity date. Derivative Assets and Liabilities 

Other current assets 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Other long-term assets 

Other long-term assets 

Total 

Derivative Liabilities 

December 31, 2022 

January 1, 2022 

Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 
 Balance Sheet Location 
 
 Fair Value 

Balance Sheet Location 
 
 Fair Value 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Other current liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Other long-term liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total 

Derivative AOCI transactions 

Commodity contracts 

() 

Total 

() 

Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income (Effective Portion)(Net of tax) 

Location of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income 

Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
 
 Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

(Effective Portion) 

Interest rate contracts 

() 
 
 Interest income (expense) 

Commodity contracts 

() 
 
 Production costs (1) 

Total 

() 

1. Included in Materials, supplies, labor and other production costs (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately). 

Expiring in 2023 

() 

() 

Expiring in 2024 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for the accounting treatment of OCI for these hedged transactions. Derivative transactions notional amounts 

Soybean oil contracts 

Natural gas contracts 

Corn contracts 

Total 

The company s derivative instruments contained no credit-risk-related contingent features at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the company had million and million, respectively, recorded in other current assets representing collateral to counterparties for hedged positions. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the company had million and million, respectively, recorded in other accrued liabilities representing collateral from counterparties for hedged positions. 

Prepaid insurance 

Prepaid marketing 

Service contracts 

Fair value of derivative instruments 

Collateral to counterparties for derivative positions 

Income taxes receivable 

Other 

Total 

Investments 

Investment in unconsolidated affiliate 

Deposits 

Unamortized cloud computing arrangement costs 

Noncurrent postretirement benefit plan asset 

Noncurrent service contracts 

Other 

Total 

F- 28 

Employee vacation 

Employee bonus 

Fair value of derivative instruments 

Self-insurance reserves 

Bank overdraft 

Accrued interest 

Accrued taxes 

Deferred payroll taxes under the CARES Act 

Accrued legal costs 

Accrued advertising 

Accrued legal settlements 

Accrued short term deferred income 

Accrued utilities 

Acquisition consideration adjustment 

Collateral from counterparties for derivative positions 

Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liability 

Repurchase obligations of distribution rights 

Other 

Total 

In connection with an acquisition completed in Fiscal 2012, the company agreed to make the selling shareholders whole for certain taxes incurred by the stakeholders on the sale. In Fiscal 2021, there was a tax determination that the selling shareholders owed additional taxes of approximately million, and the company recorded this cost in the selling, distribution, and administrative expenses line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income of Fiscal 2021. During Fiscal 2022, the company reached an agreement to settle this issue and made a partial payment in Fiscal 2022 and anticipates making the final payment in Fiscal 2023. The repurchase of distribution rights is part of a legal settlement which requires a phased repurchase of approximately distribution rights. The company commenced repurchasing the distribution rights during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022 and completed the repurchases during the first quarter of Fiscal 2023. See Note 22, Commitments and Contingencies, for details on this settlement. In the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, the company committed to a plan to outsource its aviation services and recorded severance and lease termination charges totaling million. In the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022, the company completed the lease buyouts and subsequent sale of aircrafts and recorded gains on these sales totaling million. These amounts are reflected in the selling, distribution, and administrative expenses line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income. Lease termination costs were paid in the second quarter of Fiscal 2022 and the severance payments were completed in early January 2023. 

Deferred compensation 

Other deferred credits 

Other 

Total 

F- 29 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Operating lease cost 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Financing cash flows from financing leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new financing lease liabilities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (years): 

Financing leases 

Operating leases 

Weighted-average IBR (percentage): 

Financing leases 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: amount of lease payments representing interest 

() 

() 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

Less: current obligations under leases 

() 

() 

Long-term lease obligations 

Lease terminations 

The lease modifications and renewals for Fiscal 2022 include million related to a 10 year extension for a warehouse lease. For Fiscal 2021, the lease modifications and renewals include million related to a five year extension for a freezer storage lease. 

 warehouses that were included in the company s operating leased assets for million. of the purchased properties were fully impaired in Fiscal 2020, resulting in the recognition of a million gain upon completion of the purchase of these assets and this amount is included in the selling, distribution, and administrative expenses line items of the Consolidated Statements of Income. The carrying values for the remaining leases, totaling million, are included in the Lease terminations line above. 

notes 

notes 

Accounts receivable securitization facility 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Long-term debt 

Bank overdrafts occur when checks have been issued but have not been presented to the bank for payment. Certain of our banks allow us to delay funding of issued checks until the checks are presented for payment. The delay in funding results in a temporary source of financing from the bank. The activity related to bank overdrafts is shown as a financing activity in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Bank overdrafts are included in other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the bank overdraft balance was million and million, respectively. The company also had standby letters of credit LOCs outstanding of million at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, which reduce the availability of funds under the credit facility. The outstanding LOCs are for the benefit of certain insurance companies and lessors. None of the LOCs are recorded as a liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 2031 Notes, 2026 Notes, Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility, 2022 Notes, and Credit Facility 2031 Notes. On March 9, 2021, the company issued million of senior notes. The company will pay semiannual interest on the 2031 notes on each March 15 and September 15 and the 2031 notes will mature on . The notes bear interest at per annum. On any date prior to December 15, 2030, the company may redeem some or all of the notes at a price equal to the greater of (1) of the principal amount of the notes redeemed and (2) a make-whole amount plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest. The make-whole amount is equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2031 notes to be redeemed that would be due if such notes matured December 15, 2030 (exclusive of interest accrued to, but not including, the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at a rate equal to the sum of the applicable treasury rate (as defined in the indenture governing the notes), plus basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest. At any time on or after December 15, 2030, the company may redeem some or all of the 2031 notes at a price equal to of the principal amount of the notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. If the company experiences a change of control triggering event (which involves a change of control of the company and the related rating of the notes below investment grade), it is required to offer to purchase the notes at a purchase price equal to of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon unless the company has exercised its option to redeem the notes in whole. The 2031 notes are also subject to customary restrictive covenants for investment grade debt, including certain limitations on liens and sale and leaseback transactions. The face value of the 2031 notes is million. There was a debt discount representing the difference between the net proceeds, after expenses, received upon issuance of debt and the amount repayable at its maturity. The company also accrued issuance costs (including underwriting fees and other fees) on the 2031 notes. Debt issuance costs and the debt discount are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2031 notes. As of December 31, 2022, the company was in compliance with all restrictive covenants under the indenture governing the 2031 notes. 

Underwriting, legal, and other fees 

Total fees 

2026 Notes . On September 28, 2016, the company issued million of senior notes (the 2026 notes ). The company will pay semiannual interest on the 2026 notes on each April 1 and October 1, beginning on April 1, 2017, and the 2026 notes will mature on . The notes bear interest at per annum. The 2026 notes are subject to interest rate adjustments if either Moody s or S P downgrades (or downgrades and subsequently upgrades) the credit rating assigned to the 2026 notes. On any date prior to July 1, 2026, the company may redeem some or all of the notes at a price equal to the greater of (1) of the principal amount of the notes redeemed and (2) a make-whole amount plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest. The make-whole amount is equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2026 notes to be redeemed that would be due if such notes matured July 1, 2026 (exclusive of interest accrued to, but not including, the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the treasury rate (as defined in the indenture governing the notes), plus basis points, plus in each case accrued and unpaid interest. At any time on or after July 1, 2026, the company may redeem some or all of the 2026 notes at a price equal to of the principal amount of the notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. If the company experiences a change of control triggering event (which involves a change of control of the company and related rating of the notes below investment grade), it is required to offer to purchase the notes at a purchase price equal to of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon unless the company exercised its option to redeem the notes in whole. The 2026 notes are also subject to customary restrictive covenants, including certain limitations on liens and sale and leaseback transactions. The face value of the 2026 notes is million. There was a debt discount representing the difference between the net proceeds, after expenses, received upon issuance of debt and the amount repayable at its maturity. The company also paid issuance costs (including underwriting fees and legal fees) on the 2026 notes. Debt issuance costs and the debt discount are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2026 notes. As of December 31, 2022 , the company was in compliance with all restrictive covenants under the indenture governing the 2026 notes. 

Underwriting, legal, and other fees 

Total fees 

Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility . On July 17, 2013, the company entered into an accounts receivable securitization facility (the AR facility ). The company has amended the AR facility 11 times since execution, most recently on February 13, 2023 and September 27, 2022. The September 27, 2022 amendments include provisions which (i) increased the revolving commitments under the AR facility to million from million, (ii) added a leverage pricing grid, (iii) added an additional bank to the lending group, (iv) made certain other conforming changes, (v) removed a bank from the lending group, and (vi) most recently, extended the term by one additional year to and transitioned to SOFR from LIBOR as the benchmark rate. The amendment that added the additional bank was accounted for as an extinguishment of the debt. The remaining amendments were accounted for as modifications. The February 13, 2023 amendment, among other things, amends the definition of Excluded Receivable to add the receivables of one obligor, which will no longer be sold under the AR facility. Under the AR facility, a wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary purchases, on an ongoing basis, substantially all trade receivables. As borrowings are made under the AR facility, the subsidiary pledges the receivables as collateral. In the event of liquidation of the subsidiary, its creditors would be entitled to satisfy their claims from the subsidiary s pledged receivables prior to distributions of collections to the company. We include the subsidiary in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The AR facility contains certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default. Restrictive covenants require adherence to company credit and collections policies, depository account control agreements, and certain other customary restrictions including limitations to consolidations, mergers, and liens. Amounts available for withdrawal under the AR facility are determined as the lesser of the total commitments and a formula derived amount based on qualifying trade receivables. Optional principal repayments may be made at any time without premium or penalty. Interest is due 18 days after our reporting periods end in arrears on the outstanding borrowings and is computed as SOFR rate plus an applicable margin of basis points. An unused fee of basis points is applicable on the unused commitment at each reporting period. Financing costs paid at inception of the AR facility and at the time amendments are executed are being amortized over the life of the AR facility. The company incurred million in financing costs during the third quarter of Fiscal 2022 for the tenth amendment. The balance of unamortized financing costs was million on December 31, 2022 and million on January 1, 2022 and are recorded in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Payments 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Outstanding 

Available for withdrawal 

Amounts available for withdrawal under the AR facility are determined as the lesser of the total commitments and a formula derived amount based on qualifying trade receivables. 

Low balance 

2022 Notes. On April 3, 2012, the company issued million of senior notes (the 2022 notes ). Prior to the early redemption discussed below, the company paid semiannual interest on the notes on each April 1 and October 1, beginning on October 1, 2012, and the notes would have matured on . The notes bore interest at per annum. On April 8, 2021, the company completed the early redemption of the 2022 notes with proceeds received from the issuance of the 2031 notes on March 9, 2021. We recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of million comprised of a make-whole cash payment of million and the write-off of unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs of million. Credit Facility . The company is party to an amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of October 24, 2003, with the lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent, the swingline lender and issuing lender (as amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time, the amended and restated credit agreement ). The company has amended the amended and restated credit agreement seven times since execution, most recently on July 30, 2021 (the seventh amendment ). Under the amended and restated credit agreement, our credit facility is a , million senior unsecured revolving loan facility with the following terms and conditions: (i) a maturity date of ; (ii) an applicable margin for revolving loans maintained as (1) base rate loans and swingline loans with a range of to and (2) Eurodollar loans with a range of to , in each case, based on the more favorable (to the company) of (x) the leverage ratio of the company and its subsidiaries and (y) the company s debt rating; (iii) an applicable facility fee with a range of to , due quarterly on all commitments under the amended and restated credit agreement, based on the more favorable (to the company) of (x) the leverage ratio of the company and its subsidiaries and (y) the company s debt rating; and (iv) a maximum leverage ratio covenant to permit the company, at its option, in connection with certain acquisitions and investments and subject to the terms and conditions provided in the amended and restated credit agreement, to increase the maximum ratio permitted thereunder on one or more occasions to to 1.00 for a period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, including and/or immediately following the fiscal quarter in which such acquisitions or investments were completed (the covenant holiday ), provided that each additional covenant holiday will not be available to the company until it has achieved and maintained a leverage ratio of at least to 1.00 and has been complied with for at least two fiscal quarters. Additionally, the seventh amendment to the amended and restated credit agreement appointed Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as successor administrative agent to Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch and added provisions to address LIBOR transition. In addition, the credit facility contains a provision that permits the company to request up to million in additional revolving commitments, for a total of up to million, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Proceeds from the credit facility may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures, acquisition financing, refinancing of indebtedness, dividends and share repurchases. The credit facility includes certain customary restrictions, which, among other things, require maintenance of financial covenants and limit encumbrance of assets and creation of indebtedness. Restrictive financial covenants include such ratios as a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. The company believes that, given its current cash position, its cash flow from operating activities and its available credit capacity, it can comply with the current terms of the amended credit facility and can meet its presently foreseeable financial requirements. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively, the company was in compliance with all restrictive covenants under the credit facility. Financing costs paid at inception of the credit facility and at the time amendments are executed are being amortized over the life of the credit facility. The company incurred million in financing costs during the third quarter of Fiscal 2021 for the seventh amendment. Amounts outstanding under the credit facility vary daily. Changes in the gross borrowings and repayments can be caused by cash flow activity from operations, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends, share repurchases, and tax payments, as well as derivative transactions which are part of the company s overall risk management strategy as discussed in Note 10, Derivative Financial Instruments . 

Payments 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Outstanding 

Letters of credit 

() 

Available for withdrawal 

Low balance 

Aggregate debt maturities . 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Debt issuance costs and debt discount. 

2026 notes 

Total 

The table below reconciles the debt issuance costs and debt discounts to the net carrying value of each of our debt obligations (excluding line-of-credit arrangements) at January 1, 2022 (amounts in thousands): 

Face Value 

Debt issuance costs and debt discount 

Net carrying value 

2031 notes 

2026 notes 

Total 

Deferred Compensation The Executive Deferred Compensation Plan EDCP consists of unsecured general obligations of the company to pay the deferred compensation of, and our contributions to, participants in the EDCP. The obligations will rank equally with our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness payable from the company s general assets. The company s directors and certain key members of management are eligible to participate in the EDCP. Directors may elect to defer all or any portion of their annual retainer fee and meeting fees. Deferral elections by directors must be made prior to the beginning of each year and are thereafter irrevocable. Eligible employees may elect to defer up to of their base salaries, and up to of any cash bonuses and other compensation through December 31, 2015. Effective January 1, 2016, employees may elect to defer up to of their base salaries, any cash bonuses, and other compensation. Deferral elections by eligible executives must be made prior to the beginning of each year and are thereafter irrevocable during that year. The portion of the participant s compensation that is deferred depends on the participant s election in effect with respect to his or her elective contributions under the EDCP. 

Current portion of deferral elections 

() 

() 

Long-term portion of deferral elections 

Guarantees and Indemnification Obligations The company has provided various representations, warranties, and other standard indemnifications in various agreements with customers, suppliers, and other parties as well as in agreements to sell business assets or lease facilities. In general, these provisions indemnify the counterparty for matters such as breaches of representations and warranties, certain environmental conditions and tax matters, and, in the context of sales of business assets, any liabilities arising prior to the closing of the transactions. Non-performance under a contract could trigger an obligation of the company. The ultimate effect on future financial results is not subject to reasonable estimation because considerable uncertainty exists as to the final outcome of any potential claims. No material guarantees or indemnifications have been entered into by the company through December 31, 2022 . 

Incorporated IDPs acquire distribution rights and enter into a contract with the company to sell the company s products in the IDPs defined geographic territory. The incorporated IDPs have the option to finance the acquisition of their distribution rights with the company. They can also pay cash or obtain external financing at the time they acquire the distribution rights. The combination of the company s loans to the incorporated IDPs and the ongoing distributor arrangements with the incorporated IDPs provide a level of funding to the equity owners of the various incorporated IDPs that would not otherwise be available. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 , there was million and million, respectively, in gross distribution rights notes receivable outstanding from incorporated IDPs. The company is not considered to be the primary beneficiary of the VIEs because the company does not (i) have the ability to direct the significant activities of the VIEs that would affect their ability to operate their respective businesses and (ii) provide any implicit or explicit guarantees or other financial support to the VIEs, other than the financing described above, for specific return or performance benchmarks. The activities controlled by the incorporated IDPs that are deemed to most significantly impact the ultimate success of the incorporated IDP entities relate to those decisions inherent in operating the distribution business in the territory, including acquiring trucks and trailers, managing fuel costs, employee matters and other strategic decisions. In addition, we do not provide, nor do we intend to provide, financial or other support to the IDP. The IDPs are responsible for the operations of their respective territories. The company s maximum contractual exposure to loss for the incorporated IDP relates to the distributor rights note receivable for the portion of the territory the incorporated IDPs financed at the time they acquired the distribution rights. The incorporated IDPs remit payment on their distributor rights note receivable each week during the settlement process of their weekly activity. The company will operate a territory on behalf of an incorporated IDP in situations where the IDP has abandoned its distribution rights. Any remaining balance outstanding on the distribution rights notes receivable is relieved once the distribution rights have been sold on the IDPs behalf. The company s collateral from the territory distribution rights mitigates the potential losses. 

and IDPs distribution rights as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 , respectively, all with varied financial histories and credit risks. Considering the diversity of credit risks among the IDPs, the company has no method to accurately determine a market interest rate to apply to the notes. The distribution rights are generally financed for up to and the distribution rights notes are collateralized by the IDPs distribution rights. The company maintains a wholly-owned subsidiary to assist in financing the distribution rights purchase activities if requested by new IDPs, using the distribution rights and certain associated assets as collateral. These notes receivable earn interest at a fixed rate. 

Current portion recorded in accounts and notes receivable, net 

() 

() 

Long-term portion of distribution rights notes receivable 

During Fiscal 2021, the company recorded a reserve of million for the distributor notes receivable related to a legal settlement. The company commenced repurchasing the distribution rights during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022 and the reserve balance was million at December 31, 2022. See Note 22, Commitments and contingencies, of this Form 10-K for additional information. At December 31, 2022, the company evaluated the collectability of the distribution rights notes receivable and determined that a reserve was not necessary. Payments on these notes are collected by the company weekly in conjunction with the IDP settlement process. The fair value of the company s variable rate debt at December 31, 2022 approximates the recorded value. The fair value of the company s notes, as discussed in Note 14, Debt and Other Commitments , are estimated using yields obtained from independent pricing sources for similar types of borrowing arrangements and are considered a Level 2 valuation. notes 

2 

notes 

2 

For fair value disclosure information about our derivative assets and liabilities see Note 10, Derivative Financial Instruments . For fair value disclosure information about our pension plan net assets see Note 20, Postretirement Plans. 

shares of common stock having a par value of per share and shares of preferred stock. The preferred stock of which (a) shares have been designated by the Board of Directors as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, having a par value per share of and (b) shares of preferred stock, having a par value per share of , have not been designated by the Board of Directors. shares of preferred stock have been issued by Flowers Foods. Common Stock The holders of Flowers Foods common stock are entitled to held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. Subject to preferential rights of any issued and outstanding preferred stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by the Board of Directors of the company out of funds legally available. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the company, holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets of the company, if any, remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any issued and outstanding preferred stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights, no cumulative voting rights, and no rights to convert their shares of common stock into any other securities of the company or any other person. Preferred Stock The Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the designations, relative powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations, and restrictions of all shares of each such series, including without limitation, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption and sinking fund provisions, liquidation preferences, and the number of shares constituting each such series, without any further vote or action by the holders of our common stock. Although the Board of Directors does not presently intend to do so, it could issue shares of preferred stock, with rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of holders of our common stock without obtaining the approval of our shareholders. In addition, the issuance of preferred shares could delay or prevent a change in control of the company without further action by our shareholders. Stock Repurchase Plan Previously, our Board of Directors has approved a Stock Repurchase Plan SRP (on December 19, 2002) that authorized share repurchases of up to million shares of the company s common stock. On May 26, 2022, the Board of Directors increased the company's share repurchase authorization by million shares. As of December 31, 2022, million shares remained available for repurchase under the existing authorization. Under the plan, the company may repurchase its common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions or under an accelerated repurchase program at such times and at such prices as determined to be in the company s best interest. 

For the quarter ended July 16, 2022 

For the quarter ended October 8, 2022 

For the quarter ended December 31, 2022 

Total 

As of December 31, 2022, million shares at a cost of million have been purchased since the inception of the SRP. Dividends 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

additional awards will be issued under the EPIP. Awards granted under the Omnibus Plan are limited to the authorized amount of shares. The following is a summary of stock options, restricted stock, and deferred stock outstanding under the plans described above. Information relating to the company s stock appreciation rights, which were issued under a separate stock appreciation right plan, is also described below. Performance-Contingent Restricted Stock Awards Performance-Contingent Total Shareholder Return Shares TSR Shares Since 2012, certain key employees have been granted performance-contingent restricted stock under the EPIP and the Omnibus Plan in the form of TSR Shares. Awards granted prior to Fiscal 2019 vested approximately from the date of grant (after the filing of the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K) while the awards granted since the beginning of Fiscal 2019 vest approximately from the date of grant. These shares become non-forfeitable if, and to the extent that, on that date the vesting conditions are satisfied. The total shareholder return TSR is the percent change in the company s stock price over the measurement period plus the dividends paid to shareholders. The performance payout is calculated at the end of each of the last four quarters (averaged) in the measurement period. Once the TSR is determined for the company Company TSR ), it is compared to the TSR of our food company peers Peer Group TSR ). th 

th 

th 

th 

Below th 

For performance between the levels described above, the degree of vesting is interpolated on a linear basis. 

The TSR shares vest immediately if the grantee dies or becomes disabled. However, if the grantee retires at age 65 (or age 55 with at least 10 years of service with the company) or later, on the normal vesting date the grantee will receive a pro-rated number of shares based upon the retirement date and measured at the actual performance for the entire performance period. In addition, if the company undergoes a change in control, the TSR shares will immediately vest at the target level, provided that if 12 months of the performance period have been completed, vesting will be determined based on Company TSR as of the date of the change in control without application of four-quarter averaging. During the vesting period, the grantee has none of the rights of a shareholder. Dividends declared during the vesting period will accrue and will be paid at vesting on the shares that ultimately vest. The fair value estimate was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which utilizes multiple input variables to estimate the probability of the company achieving the market condition discussed above. The 2020 TSR award is expected to payout at . On May 23, 2019, the company s CEO received an award of TSR Shares that brings his total grant equal to the CEO s target award promotion award ). This grant is measured under the same guidelines as the December 30, 2018 grant of TSR Shares described above. 

4/19/2020 

07/12/2020 

10/4/2020 

01/03/2021 

10/10/2021 

1/2/2022 

4/24/2022 

07/17/2022 

10/9/2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested TSR Shares granted under the Omnibus Plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Performance-Contingent Return on Invested Capital Shares ROIC Shares Since 2012, certain key employees have been granted performance-contingent restricted stock under the EPIP and the Omnibus Plan in the form of ROIC Shares. Awards granted prior to Fiscal 2019 vested approximately from the date of grant (after the filing of the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K) while the awards granted since the beginning of Fiscal 2019 vest approximately from the date of grant. These shares become non-forfeitable if, and to the extent that, on that date the vesting conditions are satisfied. Return on Invested Capital is calculated by dividing our profit, as defined, by the invested capital ROIC ). Generally, the performance condition requires the company s average ROIC to exceed its average weighted cost of capital WACC by between to percentage points (the ROI Target over the three fiscal year performance period. If the lowest ROI Target is not met, the awards are forfeited. The shares can be earned based on a range from to of target as defined below (the ROIC Modifier ): payout if ROIC exceeds WACC by less than percentage points; 

 ROIC above WACC by percentage points pays of ROI Target; or 

 ROIC above WACC by percentage points pays of ROI Target; or 

 ROIC above WACC by percentage points pays of ROI Target. 

 For performance between the levels described above, the degree of vesting is interpolated on a linear basis. 

The ROIC Shares vest immediately if the grantee dies or becomes disabled. However, if the grantee retires at age 65 (or age 55 with at least 10 years of service with the company) or later, on the normal vesting date the grantee will receive a pro-rated number of shares based upon the retirement date and actual performance for the entire performance period. In addition, if the company undergoes a change in control, the ROIC Shares will immediately vest at the target level. During the vesting period, the grantee has none of the rights of a shareholder. Dividends declared during the vesting period will accrue and will be paid at vesting on the shares that ultimately vest. The fair value of this type of award is equal to the stock price on the grant date. Since these awards have a performance condition feature the expense associated with these awards may change depending on the expected ROI Target attained at each reporting period. The 2020 award is being expensed at our current estimated payout percentage of of the ROI target, and the 2021 and 2022 awards are being expensed at of the ROI target. On May 23, 2019, the company s CEO received a promotion award of ROIC Shares. This grant is measured under the same guidelines as the December 30, 2018 grant of ROIC Shares described above. 

4/19/2020 

07/12/2020 

10/4/2020 

01/03/2021 

10/10/2021 

1/2/2022 

4/24/2022 

07/17/2022 

10/9/2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested ROIC Shares granted under the Omnibus Plan. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Performance-Contingent Restricted Stock Summary 

Initial grant 

Vested 

() 

Grant increase for achieving the ROIC modifier 

Grant increase for achieving the TSR modifier 

Forfeitures 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock granted under the Omnibus Plan. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Time-Based Restricted Stock Units Certain key employees have been granted time-based restricted stock units TBRSU Shares ). These awards vest on the fifth of January each year in equal installments over a period beginning in Fiscal 2020. Dividends earned on shares are held by the company during the vesting period and paid in cash when the awards vest and shares are distributed. On May 23, 2019, the company s CEO was granted TBRSU Shares of approximately million pursuant to the Omnibus Plan. Dividends will accrue on the award and will be paid to the CEO on the vesting date for all shares that vest. There were shares issued for this award at a fair value of per share. 

12/29/2019 

Equally over 

1/03/2021 

Equally over 

10/10/2021 

Equally over 

01/02/2022 

Equally over 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeitures 

() 

() 

() 

Nonvested shares at end of year 

Deferred Stock Non-employee directors may convert their annual board retainers into deferred stock equal in value to of the cash payments directors would otherwise receive and the vesting period is a period to match the period of time that cash would have been received if no conversion existed. Accumulated dividends are paid upon delivery of the shares. During Fiscal 2022, non-employee directors elected to receive, and were granted, an aggregate grant of common shares for board retainer deferrals pursuant to the Omnibus Plan which vested during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022. Non-employee directors also receive annual grants of deferred stock. This deferred stock vests over from the grant date. During Fiscal 2021, non-employee directors were granted an aggregate of shares, of which shares were deferred, for their annual grant pursuant to the Omnibus Plan that vested during Fiscal 2022. During the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, non-employee directors received shares for their annual grant pursuant to the Omnibus Plan. Additionally, during Fiscal 2022, non-employee directors received shares of previously deferred award grants. The deferred stock will be distributed to the grantee at a time designated by the grantee at the date of grant. Compensation expense is recorded on deferred stock over the vesting period. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

() 

Nonvested shares at end of year 

Vested and deferred shares at end of year (1) 

(1) The vested and deferred shares at the end of the year include shares, shares, and shares granted and deferred under the EPIP for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020, respectively. 

 The vested and deferred shares at the end of the year include shares, shares, and shares granted and deferred under the Omnibus Plan for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to deferred and restricted stock awards. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The intrinsic value of deferred stock awards that vested during Fiscal 2022 was million. There was an immaterial tax windfall on the exercise of deferred share awards during fiscal 2022. Share-Based Payments Compensation Expense Summary 

TBRSU shares 

Deferred stock awards 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

Basic Earnings Per Common Share: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding per common share 

Basic earnings per common share 

Diluted Earnings Per Common Share: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding per common share 

Add: Shares of common stock assumed issued upon exercise of stock options, vesting of performance-contingent restricted stock and deferred stock 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding per common share 

Diluted earnings per common share 

There were anti-dilutive shares for Fiscal 2022 or Fiscal 2021 and anti-dilutive shares for Fiscal 2020. 

Current benefit liability 

Noncurrent benefit liability 

AOCI, net of tax 

() 

() 

The company made contributions of million and million to the Flowers Foods, Inc. Retirement Plan No. 2 Plan No. 2 during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. There were contributions made by the company to any plan during Fiscal 2021. Pension Plans The company maintains a trusted, noncontributory defined benefit pension plan that covers a small number of certain union employees. The benefits in this plan are based on years of service and the employee s career earnings. This qualified plan is funded at amounts deductible for income tax purposes but not less than the minimum funding required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA and the Pension Protection Act of 2006 PPA ). Benefits under the company s largest pension plan were fully terminated and transferred to an insurance company in the form of a nonparticipating group annuity contract during the first quarter of Fiscal 2020. cash contributions were required to support the transaction, but the company recorded non-cash settlement and curtailment charges of million in Fiscal 2020. The company recognizes settlement accounting charges, which accelerates recognition of a plan s unrecognized net gain or loss, when the ongoing lump sum payments from the plan exceed the sum of the plan s service cost and interest cost. During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021, the company determined it was probable a settlement would occur and paid lump sums that exceeded that threshold and, as a result, the company recorded a settlement charge of million in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021. The company uses a calendar year end for the measurement date since the plans are based on a calendar year and because it approximates the company s fiscal year end. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , the assets of the qualified plans included certificates of deposit, marketable equity securities, mutual funds, corporate and government debt securities, other diversifying strategies and annuity contracts. The company expects pension cost of approximately million for Fiscal 2023. 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 

Settlement loss 

Curtailment loss 

Amortization: 

Prior service cost 

Actuarial loss 

Net periodic pension cost 

Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in OCI: 

Current year actuarial gain 

() 

() 

() 

Settlement loss 

() 

() 

Curtailment loss 

() 

Amortization of prior service cost 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of actuarial loss 

() 

() 

() 

Total recognized in OCI 

() 

() 

() 

Total recognized in net periodic benefit and OCI 

() 

() 

() 

Actual return on plan assets for Fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial gain 

() 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

Settlements 

() 

Benefit obligation at end of year 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual (loss) return on plan assets 

() 

Employer contribution 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

Transfer payments 

Settlements 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded status, end of year: 

Fair value of plan assets 

28,090 

33,589 

Benefit obligations 

(25,169) 

(34,790) 

Funded (unfunded) status and amount recognized at end of year 

() 

Amounts recognized in the balance sheet: 

Noncurrent asset 

Current liability 

() 

() 

Noncurrent liability 

() 

() 

Amount recognized at end of year 

() 

Amounts recognized in AOCI: 

Net actuarial loss before taxes 

Prior service cost before taxes 

Amount recognized at end of year 

Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year 

Gain from increase in general level of interest rates used to measure defined benefit plan obligations (approximately basis points). 

Fiscal 2021 

() 
 
 Gain from increase in general level of interest rates used to measure defined benefit plan obligations (approximately basis points); Loss from change in mortality assumption scale from MP-2020 to MP-2021. 

Fiscal 2020 

Loss from decrease in general level of interest rates used to measure defined benefit plan obligations (approximately basis points); Gain from change in mortality assumption scale from MP-2019 to MP-2020. 

Discount rate 

Rate of compensation increase 

Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost/(income): 

Measurement date 

Discount rate 

Expected return on plan assets 

Rate of compensation increase 

In developing the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets at each measurement date, the company considers the plan assets historical actual returns, targeted asset allocations, and the anticipated future economic environment and long-term performance of individual asset classes, based on the company s investment strategy. While appropriate consideration is given to recent and historical investment performance, the assumption represents management s best estimate of the long-term prospective return. Further, pension costs do not include an explicit expense assumption, and therefore the return on assets rate reflects the long-term expected return, net of expenses. Based on these factors the expected long-term rate of return assumption for Plan No. 2 was set at for Fiscal 2023. The average annual return on the plan assets over the last 15 years (while the assets were collectively managed) was approximately (net of expenses). Plan Assets The investment committee, which consists of certain members of management, establishes investment guidelines and strategies and regularly monitors the performance of the plans assets. The investment committee is responsible for executing these strategies and investing the pension assets in accordance with ERISA and fiduciary standards. The investment objective of the pension plans is to preserve the plans capital and maximize investment earnings within acceptable levels of risk and volatility. The investment committee meets on a regular basis with its investment advisors to review the performance of the plans assets. Based upon performance and other measures and recommendations from its investment advisors, the investment committee rebalances the plans assets to the targeted allocation when considered appropriate. 

Common stocks: 

International common stocks 

U.S. common stocks 

Fixed income securities: 

U.S. government bonds 

U.S. government agency bonds 

U.S. corporate bonds 

Pending transactions( 

Accrued (expenses) income( 

Total 

Fair value of Pension Plan Assets as of December 31, 2021 

Asset Class 
 
 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1) 

Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Total 

Short term investments and cash 

Common stocks: 

International common stocks 

U.S. common stocks 

Fixed income securities: 

U.S. government bonds 

U.S. government agency bonds 

U.S. corporate bonds 

International corporate bonds 

Pending transactions( 

Other assets and (liabilities)( 

Accrued (expenses) income( 

Total 

The company s investment policy includes various guidelines and procedures designed to ensure the plan s assets are invested in a manner necessary to meet expected future benefits earned by participants. The investment guidelines consider a broad range of economic conditions. 

Fixed income securities 

Short term investments and cash 

Total 

The objectives of the target allocations are to maintain investment portfolios that diversify risk through prudent asset allocation parameters, achieve asset returns that meet or exceed the plans actuarial assumptions, and achieve asset returns that are competitive with like institutions employing similar investment strategies. Cash Flows 

2021 

2020 

All contributions are made in cash. The required contributions made during Fiscal 2022 include million in nonqualified pension benefits paid from corporate assets. The discretionary contribution of million made to the qualified plan during Fiscal 2022 was not required to be made by the minimum funding requirements of ERISA, but the company believed, due to its strong cash flow and financial position, this was an appropriate time to make the contribution to reduce the impact of future contributions. During Fiscal 2023 , the company expects to pay million in nonqualified pension benefits from corporate assets. There are expected contributions to Plan No. 2 that are required under ERISA and the PPA during Fiscal 2023. These amounts represent estimates that are based on assumptions that are subject to change. Benefit Payments 

2021 

2022 

+ 

Estimated Future Payments: 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 2032 

million and million from Plan No. 1 and Plan No. 2, respectively, paid as lump sums. million from Plan No. 2 paid as lump sums. + million from Plan No. 2 paid as lump sums. 
 Postretirement Benefit Plans The company sponsors postretirement benefit plans that provide health care and life insurance benefits to retirees who meet certain eligibility requirements. Generally, this includes employees with at least years of service who have reached age and participate in a Flowers retirement plan. Retiree medical coverage is provided for a period of three to , depending on the participant s age and service at retirement. Participant premiums are determined using COBRA premium levels. Retiree life insurance benefits are offered to a closed group of retirees. The company also sponsors a medical, dental, and life insurance benefits plan to a limited and closed group of participants. The company delivers retiree medical and dental benefits for Medicare eligible retirees through a health-care reimbursement account. The company no longer sponsors a medical plan for Medicare eligible retirees and does not file for a Medicare Part D subsidy. 

Interest cost 

Amortization: 

Prior service credit 

() 

() 

() 

Actuarial gain 

() 

() 

() 

Total net periodic benefit (income) cost 

() 

Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in OCI: 

Current year actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

Current year prior service credit 

() 

Amortization of actuarial gain 

Amortization of prior service credit 

Total recognized in OCI 

() 

() 

Total recognized in net periodic (benefit) cost and OCI 

() 

() 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Participant contributions 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

Plan amendments 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

Benefit obligation at end of year 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Employer contributions 

Participant contributions 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded status, end of year: 

Fair value of plan assets 

Benefit obligations 

(4,542) 

(5,572) 

Unfunded status and amount recognized at end of year 

() 

() 

Amounts recognized in the balance sheet: 

Current liability 

() 

() 

Noncurrent liability 

() 

() 

Amount recognized at end of year 

() 

() 

Amounts recognized in AOCI: 

Net actuarial gain before taxes 

() 

() 

Prior service credit before taxes 

() 

() 

Amounts recognized in AOCI 

() 

() 

Discount rate 

Health care cost trend rate used to determine benefit obligations: 

Initial rate 

Ultimate rate 

Year trend reaches the ultimate rate 

Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic cost: 

Measurement date 

Discount rate 

Health care cost trend rate used to determine net periodic cost: 

Initial rate 

Ultimate rate 

Year trend reaches the ultimate rate 

Cash Flows 

2021 

2022 

2023 (Expected) 

The table above reflects only the company s share of the benefit cost. Since the company no longer receives reimbursement for Medicare Part D subsidies, the entire million expected funding for postretirement benefit plans during 2023 will be required to pay for benefits. Contributions by participants to postretirement benefits were million, million, and million for Fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Benefit Payments 

2021 

2022 

Estimated Future Payments: 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 2032 

Multiemployer Plans The company contributes to various multiemployer pension plans. Benefits provided under the multiemployer pension plans are generally based on years of service and employee age. Expense under these plans was million for Fiscal 2022 , million for Fiscal 2021 , and million for Fiscal 2020. The company contributes to several multiemployer defined benefit pension plans under the terms of collective-bargaining agreements that cover various union-represented employees. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans. Assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. If we choose to stop participating in some of these multiemployer plans, we may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. None of the contributions to the pension funds was in excess of or more of the total contributions for plan years 2022, 2021 , and 2020. There are contractually required minimum contributions to the plans as of December 31, 2022. On July 19, 2022, the company announced the closure of the Holsum Bakery in Phoenix, Arizona. The bakery produced bread and bun products and ceased production on October 31, 2022. As a result, the union participants of the IAM National Pension Fund (the IAM Fund at the Phoenix bakery will withdraw from the IAM Fund. During the third quarter of Fiscal 2022, the company recorded a liability of million for the withdrawal from the IAM Fund. While this is our best estimate of the ultimate cost of the withdrawal from this plan, additional withdrawal liability may be incurred based on the final IAM Fund assessment or in the event of a mass withdrawal, as defined by statute, occurring anytime within the next three years. On September 22, 2021, the union participants of the Retail, Wholesale and Department Store Union Fund (the Fund at our Birmingham, Alabama plant voted to withdraw from the Fund in the most recent collective bargaining agreement. The withdrawal was effective, and the union participants were eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan, on December 1, 2021. During the third quarter of Fiscal 2021, the company recorded a liability of million related to the withdrawal from the Fund. The withdrawal liability was computed as the net present value of years of monthly payments derived from the company s share of unfunded vested benefits. While this is our best estimate of the ultimate cost of the withdrawal from this Fund, additional withdrawal liability may be incurred based on the final Fund assessment or in the event of a mass withdrawal, as defined by statute, occurring anytime within the next following our complete withdrawal. Additionally, the company recorded a liability of million related to transition payments, including related tax payments, for the benefit of union participants as part of the collective bargaining agreement. The withdrawal liability charge and the transition payments are recorded in the multi-employer pension plan withdrawal costs line item on our Consolidated Statements of Income. The transition payments were paid during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021 and the withdrawal liability payment was paid during the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. The company s participation in these multiemployer plans for Fiscal 2022 is outlined in the table below. The EIN/Pension Plan Number column provides the Employer Identification Number EIN and the three-digit plan number, if applicable. Unless otherwise noted, the most recent PPA zone status available in 2022 and 2021 is for the plan s year-end at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. The zone status is based on information that the company received from the plan and is certified by the plan s actuary. Among other factors, plans in the red zone are generally less than 65 percent funded, plans in the yellow zone are less than 80 percent funded , and plans in the green zone are at least 80 percent funded. The FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented column indicates plans for which a financial improvement plan FIP or a rehabilitation plan RP is either pending or has been implemented. The last column lists the expiration date(s) of the collective-bargaining agreements to which the plans are subject. Finally, there have been no significant changes that affect the comparability of contributions. In December 2014, the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act of 2015 (the 2015 Appropriations Act was signed into law and materially amended the PPA funding rules. In general, the PPA funding rules were made more flexible in order to make more manageable the steps necessary for multi-employer plans to become or remain economically viable in the future. While in previous years we have been informed that several of the multi-employer pension plans to which our subsidiaries contribute have been labeled with a critical or endangered status as defined by the PPA, the changes made by the 2015 Appropriations Act will materially impact, on a going forward basis, these prior funding status assessments. In any event, it is unclear at this time what impact, if any, the 2015 Appropriations Act will have on our future obligations to the multi-employer pension plans in which we participate. 

Yes 

Retail, Wholesale and Department Store International Union and Industry Pension Fund 

Yes 

Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Trust 

The union employees withdrew from the fund effective November 1, 2022. The union employees withdrew from the fund effective December 1, 2021. 
 401(k) Retirement Savings Plans The Flowers Foods 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan covers substantially all of the company s employees who have completed certain service requirements. 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

F- 51 

State 

Deferred Taxes: 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax expense 

Fiscal 2020 deferred income taxes included the impact of the termination of Plan No.1. See Note 20, Postretirement Plans , for a description of the termination of Plan No. 1. because of the effect of the following items for Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 (amounts in thousands): 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2021 

Fiscal 2020 

Tax at U.S. federal income tax rate 

State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 

Net share-based windfalls 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Income tax expense 

In Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, the most significant difference in the effective rate and the statutory rate was state income taxes. 

Compensation and employee benefits 

Deferred income 

Loss and credit carryforwards 

Equity-based compensation 

Legal accrual 

Deferred payroll tax under CARES act 

Pension and postretirement benefits 

Financing and operating lease right-of-use liabilities 

Capitalized research and development costs 

Other 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets 

Depreciation 

() 

() 

Intangibles 

() 

() 

Financing and operating lease right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Hedging 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

In Fiscal 2022, the company recorded a deferred tax asset for newly effective legislation requiring capitalization of certain expenses. This enactment required expenses related to research and development activities and certain information technology costs, which were previously deductible, to be capitalized and amortized for tax purposes. The resulting deferred tax asset of million is reflected in the 2022 balances. The company has a deferred tax asset of million related to a federal net operating loss carryforward which we expect to fully utilize before expiration. Additionally, the company and various subsidiaries have a net deferred tax asset of million related to state net operating loss carryforwards with expiration dates from Fiscal 2024 through Fiscal 2040 , and million for credit carryforwards with expiration dates from Fiscal 2027 through Fiscal 2031 . The utilization of a portion of these state carryforwards could be limited in the future; therefore, a valuation allowance has been recorded. Should the company determine at a later date that certain of these losses which have been reserved for may be utilized, a benefit may be recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Likewise, should the company determine at a later date that certain of these net operating losses for which a deferred tax asset has been recorded may not be utilized, a charge to the Consolidated Statements of Income may be necessary. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for the deferred tax asset valuation allowance analysis. There are unrecognized gross tax benefits as of December 31, 2022. These amounts would be presented exclusive of interest accrued and recorded in other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The company accrues interest expense and penalties related to income tax liabilities as a component of income before taxes. No accrual of penalties is reflected on the company s balance sheet as the company believes the accrual of penalties is not necessary based upon the merits of its income tax positions. The company had accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. The company defines the federal jurisdiction as well as various state jurisdictions as major jurisdictions. The company is no longer subject to federal examinations for years prior to 2019, and with limited exceptions, for years prior to 2018 in state jurisdictions. 

Lapses of statutes of limitations 

() 

Unrecognized tax benefit at end of fiscal year 

At this time, we do not anticipate significant changes to the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits over the next twelve months. 

million and million related to self-insurance reserves at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. The reserves include an estimate of expected settlements on pending claims, defense costs and a provision for claims incurred but not reported. These estimates are based on the company s assessment of potential liability using an analysis of available information with respect to pending claims, historical experience and current cost trends. In the event the company ceases to utilize the independent distributor model or exits a geographic market, the company is contractually required in some situations to purchase the distribution rights from the independent distributor. The company expects to continue operating under this model and has concluded that the possibility of a loss is remote. The company s facilities are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations regarding the discharge of material into the environment and the protection of the environment in other ways. The company is not a party to any material proceedings arising under these regulations. The company believes that compliance with existing environmental laws and regulations will not materially affect the consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or the competitive position of the company. The company believes it is currently in substantial compliance with all material environmental regulations affecting the company and its properties. Litigation The company and its subsidiaries from time to time are parties to, or targets of, lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, including personal injury, commercial, contract, environmental, antitrust, product liability, health and safety and employment matters, which are being handled and defended in the ordinary course of business. While the company is unable to predict the outcome of these matters, it believes, based upon currently available facts, that it is remote that the ultimate resolution of any such pending matters will have a material adverse effect on its overall financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the future. However, adverse developments could negatively impact earnings in a particular future fiscal period. At this time, the company is defending complaints filed by IDPs alleging that they were misclassified as independent contractors. of these lawsuits seek class and/or collective action treatment. The remaining cases either allege individual claims or do not seek class or collective action treatment or, in cases in which class treatment was sought, the court denied class certification. The respective courts have ruled on plaintiffs motions for class certification in of the pending cases, each of which is discussed below. Unless otherwise noted, a class was conditionally certified under the FLSA in each of the cases described below, although the company has the ability to petition the court to decertify that class at a later date: 

Case Name 
 
 Case No. 
 
 Venue 
 
 Date Filed 
 
 Status 

Richard et al. v. Flowers Foods, Inc., Flowers Baking Co. of Lafayette, LLC, Flowers Baking Co. of Baton Rouge, LLC, Flowers Baking Co. of Tyler, LLC and Flowers Baking Co. of New Orleans, LLC 
 
 6:15-cv-02557 
 
 U.S. District Court Western District of Louisiana 

On April 9, 2021, the court decertified the FLSA collective action and denied plaintiffs' motion to certify under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23 a state law class of distributors who operated in the state of Louisiana. 

Martins v. Flowers Foods, Inc., Flowers Baking Co. of Bradenton, LLC and Flowers Baking Co. of Villa Rica, LLC 
 
 8:16-cv-03145 
 
 U.S. District Court Middle District of Florida 

Ludlow et al. v. Flowers Foods, Inc., Flowers Bakeries, LLC and Flowers Finance, LLC 
 
 3:18-cv-01190 
 
 U.S. District Court Southern District of California 

On July 5, 2022, the Court granted plaintiffs motion under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23 to certify a California state law class comprising of distributors who worked within California from June 6, 2014 to present and were classified as independent contractors. 
 
 The company and/or its respective subsidiaries contests the allegations and are vigorously defending all of these lawsuits. Given the stage of the complaints and the claims and issues presented, except for lawsuits disclosed herein that have reached a settlement or agreement in principle, the company cannot reasonably estimate at this time the possible loss or range of loss that may arise from the unresolved lawsuits. The company has settled, and the appropriate court has approved, the following collective and/or class action lawsuits filed by distributors alleging that such distributors were misclassified as independent contractors. In each of these settlements, in addition to the monetary terms noted below, the settlements also included certain non-economic terms intended to strengthen and enhance the independent contractor model. The list below details settled lawsuits that impacted the company's presented financial statements since Fiscal 2020 : 

Case Name 
 
 Case No. 
 
 Venue 
 
 Date Filed 
 
 Comments 

Noll v. Flowers Foods, Inc., Lepage Bakeries Park Street, LLC, and CK Sales Co., LLC 
 
 1:15-cv-00493 
 
 U.S. District Court District of Maine 

On April 26, 2022, the Court approved an agreement to settle this and two companion cases pending in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maine Bowen et al. v. Flowers Foods, Inc. et al. (No. 1:20-cv-00411); and Aucoin et al. v. Flowers Foods, Inc. et al (No. 1:20-cv-00410) for a payment of million, comprised of million in settlement funds and million in attorneys fees. The settlement was paid during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022. The settlement also required the repurchase of approximately distribution territories in Maine which was substantially complete as of the end of Fiscal 2022. The company estimated this cost to be million (of which million was originally included in other accrued liabilities and the remainder as a contra account to notes receivable). These amounts were recorded in the selling, distribution, and administrative expenses line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income during the third quarter of Fiscal 2021. The company remains committed to its IDP program. 

Coronado v. Flowers Foods, Inc. and Flowers Baking Co. of El Paso, LLC 
 
 1:16-cv-00350 
 
 U.S. District Court District of New Mexico 

On June 7, 2022, the Court approved an agreement to settle this matter for , inclusive of attorneys fees, costs, damages and incentives for class members who are active distributors to enter into an amendment to their distributor agreements. The settlement was paid and the expense was recorded in the selling, distribution, and administrative expenses line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022. 

Caddick et al. v. Tasty Baking Co. 
 
 2:19-cv-02106 
 
 U.S. District Court Eastern District of Pennsylvania 

On October 27, 2021, the Court dismissed this lawsuit and approved an agreement to settle this and a companion case (Bertino v. Tasty Baking Co., No. 2:20-cv-05823) for a payment of million, inclusive of attorneys fees and cost, service awards and consideration for class members who are active distributors to enter into an amendment to their distributor agreements. This settlement charge was recorded as a selling, distribution, and administrative expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income during the third quarter of Fiscal 2020. The settlement was paid in early November 2021. 
 
 See Note 14, Debt and Other Commitments , for additional information on the company s commitments. 

 F- 55 

, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of per share on the company s common stock to be paid on to shareholders of record on . Acquisition. On , the company announced it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Papa Pita Bakery, a manufacturer and distributor of bagels, tortillas, breads, buns, English muffins, and flat breads. Founded in 1983, Papa Pita operates one facility in West Jordan, Utah. Its primary brands include Papa Pita, Great Grains, Bubba's Bagels, and Maya's Tortillas . Additionally, Papa Pita has a significant co-manufacturing business as well as direct-store-distribution in the western U.S. The company completed the acquisition on February 17, 2023 for approximately million in cash, subject to customary closing conditions to determine the final consideration, with cash on-hand and from our existing credit facilities. T he company incurred million of acquisition-related costs associated with the acquisition in Fiscal 2022. Given the timing of completion of the acquisition, the company is currently unable to provide a preliminary purchase price allocation. Such allocation, as well as any required pro forma financial disclosures required by Accounting Standard Codification 805, if deemed to be material, are expected to be included in the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 22, 2023. 

 F- 56 

<EX-4>
 2
 flo-ex4_8.htm
 EX-4.8

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.8 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 As of February 22, 2023, Flowers Foods, Inc. (the company, Flowers Foods, us, we, or our has one class of securities, our common stock, registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 The following description of our common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Articles of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.8 is a part. We encourage you to read our Articles of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Georgia Business Corporation Code GBCC for additional information. 
 Authorized Shares of Capital Stock 
 Flowers Foods authorized capital stock consists of 500,000,000 shares of common stock having a par value of 0.01 per share and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The preferred stock of which (a) 200,000 shares have been designated by the Board of Directors as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, having a par value per share of 100 and (b) 800,000 shares of preferred stock, having a par value per share of 0.01, have not been designated by the Board of Directors. No shares of preferred stock have been issued by Flowers Foods. 
 Voting Rights 
 Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders and do not have preemptive rights or cumulative voting rights. 
 Dividends 
 Subject to preferential rights of any issued and outstanding preferred stock, including the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by the Board of Directors of the company out of funds legally available. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the company, holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets of the company, if any, remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any issued and outstanding preferred stock, including the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. 
 Listing 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the trading symbol FLO. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company. 
 Certain Provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, the Bylaws and Georgia Law 
 Advance Notice of Proposals and Nominations 
 The Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for shareholder proposals to be brought before a meeting of shareholders and for nominations by shareholders of candidates for election as directors at an annual meeting or a special meeting at which directors are to be elected. As described more fully in the Bylaws, only such business may be conducted at a meeting of shareholders as has been brought before the meeting by, or at the direction of, our Board of Directors, or by a shareholder who has given to the Corporate Secretary timely written notice, in proper form, of the shareholder s intention to bring that business before the meeting. The presiding officer at a shareholders meeting has the authority to make these determinations. Only persons who are nominated by, or at the direction of, our Board of Directors, or who are nominated by a shareholder who has given timely written notice, in proper form, to the Corporate Secretary prior to a meeting at which directors are to be elected will be eligible for election as our directors. 

Shareholder Action by Written Consent 
 Our Articles of Incorporation provides that any shareholder action by written consent must be effected by holders of at least 75 of the voting power of our then outstanding common stock. 
 Preferred Stock 
 As discussed above, our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of preferred stock in one or more series. Undesignated preferred stock may enable our Board of Directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest, merger or otherwise, and to thereby protect the continuity of our management. The issuance of shares of preferred stock may adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. For example, any preferred stock issued may rank prior to our common stock as to dividend rights, liquidation preference or both, may have full or limited voting rights and may be convertible into shares of common stock. As a result, the issuance of shares of preferred stock may discourage bids for our common stock or may otherwise adversely affect the market price of our common stock or any existing preferred stock. In some instances, the preferred stock could be issued and have the effect of preventing a merger, tender offer or other takeover attempt that the Board of Directors opposes. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Georgia Law 
 We have elected in our Bylaws to be subject to the Fair Price and Business Combination provisions of the GBCC. 
 Under the Fair Price provision, in addition to any vote required by law or by our Articles of Incorporation, business combinations with an interested shareholder must be: 
 unanimously approved by continuing directors, if such continuing directors constitute at least three members of the Board of Directors at the time of the approval, or 

recommended by at least two-thirds of the continuing directors and approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting shares, other than voting shares beneficially owned by the interested shareholder, who is, or whose affiliate is, a party to the business combination. 

Under the Business Combinations provision, we are generally prohibited from entering into business combination transactions with any interested shareholder for a five-year period following the time that such shareholder became an interested shareholder unless: 
 prior to such time, the Board of Directors approved either the business combination or the transaction in which the shareholder became an interested shareholder; 

in the transaction that resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, the interested shareholder became the beneficial owner of at least 90 of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation which was not held by directors, officers, their affiliates or associates, subsidiaries or specified employee stock plans of the corporation; or 

after becoming an interested shareholder, that shareholder acquired additional shares resulting in that shareholder owning at least 90 of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation, excluding shares held by directors, officers, their affiliates or associates, subsidiaries or specified employee stock plans of the corporation, and the business combination was approved by a majority of voting stock not held by the interested shareholder, directors, officers, their affiliates or associates, subsidiaries or specified employee stock plans of the corporation. 

Under the GBCC, repeal of the bylaws subjecting us to these provisions requires the affirmative vote of (i) at least 2/3 of the continuing directors, (ii) a majority of the shares of Flowers Foods other than shares beneficially owned by any interested shareholder and affiliates and associates of any interested shareholder, and (iii) 66 2/3 of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of Flowers Foods common stock and preferred stock voting together, to the extent shares of preferred stock have been afforded voting rights. A continuing director means (i) any director who is not an affiliate or associate of an interested shareholder or its affiliates other than Flowers Foods or our subsidiaries and who was a director prior to the date the shareholder became an interested shareholder, and (ii) any successor to that director who is not an affiliate or associate of an interested shareholder or its affiliates other than Flowers Foods or our subsidiaries and who is recommended or elected by a majority of all the continuing directors. An interested shareholder includes any person other than Flowers Foods or our subsidiaries that (i) with its affiliates, beneficially owns or has the right to own 10 or more of the outstanding voting power of Flowers Foods, or (ii) is an affiliate of Flowers Foods and has, at any time within the preceding two-year period, been the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of Flowers Foods. 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 flo-ex10_33.htm
 EX-10.33

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.33 
 FLOWERS FOODS, INC. 
 2014 OMNIBUS EQUITY AND INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 2023 Performance Share Agreement 
 WHEREAS, [[FIRSTNAME]] [[LASTNAME]] (the Grantee is a Participant in the Flowers Foods, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan and is an employee of Flowers Foods, Inc. (the Company or a Subsidiary; and 
 WHEREAS, a grant of Performance Shares to the Grantee has been duly authorized by a resolution of the Committee as effective on January 1, 2023 (the Date of Grant ). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby memorializes a grant to the Grantee, as of the Date of Grant, pursuant to this 2023 Performance Share Agreement (this Agreement of (a) a Target of [[SHARESGRANTED]] Performance Shares, designated as ROIC Shares and (b) a Target of [[SHARESGRANTED]] Performance Shares, designated as TSR Shares, both of which are described in Sections 1(b) and (c), respectively (collectively, the Stock Award ). 
 1. Vesting of Performance Shares . 

(a) Normal Vesting . On the Vesting Date, the Performance Shares shall become non-forfeitable to the extent that the Performance Criteria listed in sub-sections (b) and/or (c) below have been met as of the Vesting Date, subject to the Grantee having remained in the continuous employ of the Company and/or Subsidiary until (i) the Vesting Date or (ii) December 31, 2025, if during the period beginning on December 31, 2025 and ending on the Vesting Date, one of the following occurs: (A) the Grantee s employment with the Company terminates because of Retirement, (B) any of the occurrences specified in Section 3(d)(i), or (C) the Grantee dies or incurs a Disability. 

(b) Vesting of ROIC Shares . 

(i) In order for any portion of the ROIC Shares to become non-forfeitable as of the Vesting Date, the following Performance Criteria must be achieved during the period commencing January 1, 2023 and ending January 3, 2026 (the ROIC Performance Period ): the Company s ROIC must exceed its WACC by 175 basis points for said period. 

(ii) In the event that the requirement of subparagraph (b)(i) above is satisfied, the grant of ROIC Shares shall become non-forfeitable as indicated below. For this purpose, the ROIC Performance Period is the twelve fiscal quarters occurring in the Company s fiscal years 2023, 2024, and 2025. 

NAI-1534901849v2 
 	- 1 -	 

Difference (or Spread ROIC minus WACC 
 Non-Forfeitable Percentage of Target) 

Less than 175 basis points 
 0 

175 basis points 
 50 

375 basis points 
 100 

475 basis points or above 
 125 

Straight-line interpolation between points 

(c) Vesting of TSR Shares . In order for any portion of the TSR Shares to become non-forfeitable as of the Vesting Date, the following Performance Criteria must be achieved: the relative performance of the Flowers TSR determined for the period commencing January 1, 2023 and ending December 31, 2025 (the TSR Performance Period compared to the Peer Group TSRs for the same period equals or exceeds the thirtieth Percentile (30 ), calculated as follows: 

The final four hypothetical payouts relating to Flowers TSR, based on the table below, from January 1, 2023 through the calendar quarter ending prices for March 31, 2025, June 30, 2025, September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2025 (the TSR Measurement Periods will be averaged to determine the final percent of TSR Shares that become non-forfeitable. 

Percentile Flowers TSR vs. Peer Group TSRs 
 Non-Forfeitable Percentage of Target) 

Less than 30 th 
 0 

30 th 
 50 

50 th 
 100 

70 th 
 150 

90 th or above 
 200 

Straight-line interpolation between points 

2. Distribution . ROIC Shares and TSR Shares that become non-forfeitable under Section 1 shall be distributed as soon as practicable after the Vesting Date, but notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in all events within the short-term deferral period determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4). 

3. Continuous Employment; Early Termination of Employment . 

(a) Continuous Employment . For purposes of this Agreement, the Grantee s employment with the Company or Subsidiary will be deemed to have ceased as of the last day worked. In the case of a Grantee having received short term disability benefits, employment will be deemed to have ceased on the last day for which such short term benefits are paid, unless the Grantee immediately returns to active employment. For the purposes of this Agreement, the continuous employment of the Grantee with the Company or a Subsidiary will not be deemed to have been interrupted, and the Grantee will not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary, by reason of (i) the termination of his employment by the Company or a Subsidiary and immediate rehire by the Company (if the Company was not the original employer) or by another Subsidiary or (ii) an approved leave of absence. 

NAI-1534901849v2 
 	- 2 -	 

(b) Vesting Upon Retirement . In the event that the Grantee s employment with the Company shall terminate prior to December 31, 2025 because of Retirement in the absence of Cause, a pro rata portion of the ROIC Shares and the TSR Shares shall become non-forfeitable on the Vesting Date based on the actual performance achieved under Section 1(b) and (c) whereby the pro rata portion shall be determined by dividing the number of complete calendar quarters in the applicable performance period until Retirement by twelve (12). The distribution of the non-forfeitable ROIC Shares and TSR Shares under this Section 3(b) shall be made at the same time as the distribution of the Performance Shares that would have been made under Section 2. 

(c) Vesting Upon Disability or Death . Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 1, 2 and 3(b), in the event of the Grantee s death or Disability prior to December 31, 2025, the ROIC Shares and TSR Shares shall become non-forfeitable at Target and such vested Stock Award shall be distributed within ten (10) business days of the applicable occurrence, but notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in all events within the short-term deferral period determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4). 

(d) Vesting Upon Change in Control . Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 1, 2 and 3(b), in the event of either: 

(i) a termination of employment prior to December 31, 2025, either within two (2) years after a Change in Control (in which case the occurrence shall be the termination of employment) or during the six (6) month period prior to a Change in Control (in which case vesting is contingent on the occurrence of the Change in Control and the occurrence shall be the Change in Control), where either the Grantee is involuntarily terminated from employment for reasons other than for Cause, or the Grantee terminates his or her employment for Good Reason, or 

(ii) a Change in Control prior to December 31, 2025 where the Stock Award is not assumed or converted into replacement awards in connection with the Change in Control, 

then (1) ROIC Shares shall become non-forfeitable at Target, and (2) TSR Shares shall become non-forfeitable as follows: (x) if at least twelve (12) months of the TSR Performance Period have been completed as of the date of the occurrence, non-forfeitability is based on TSR as of the date of occurrence without application of 4-quarter averaging, or (y) if at least twelve (12) months of the TSR Performance Period have not been completed, non-forfeitability is at Target. Such vested Stock Award shall be distributed within ten (10) business days of the applicable occurrence, but notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in all events within the short-term deferral period determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4). 
 4. Vesting Definitions . 

(i) Retirement means termination of employment after either (A) attainment of age sixty-five (65), or (B) attainment of age fifty-five (55) provided the Grantee has accrued ten (10) years of service. 

(ii) Vesting Date means the date that the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10 K with the Securities and Exchange Commission reflecting the certification of the Performance Criteria set forth in Section 1, or if earlier March 14, 2026. 

NAI-1534901849v2 
 	- 3 -	 

(iii) Flowers TSR means (A) the Company s Common Stock price change plus dividends (which are assumed to be reinvested as paid out to shareholders) compared to (B) the price of a share of Common Stock determined on the trading day immediately preceding the commencement of the TSR Performance Period. 

(iv) ROIC means the time-weighted quarterly average during the ROIC Performance Period of the sum of net income and after-tax interest expense divided by the sum of the time-weighted two-point average quarterly book value of the Company s debt and the time-weighted two-point average quarterly book value of the Company s equity capital. GAAP amounts used in the calculation of ROIC shall be adjusted for items that in the Committee s judgment affect comparability during the ROIC Performance Period and/or between the numerator and denominator. An example calculation is set forth on Attachment A. 1 

(v) Peer Group TSRs mean the total shareholder returns TSR calculated as described in the definition of Flowers TSR but determined for each of the following seventeen (17) peer group companies: B G Foods, Inc., Campbell Soup Company, ConAgra Brands, Inc., General Mills, Inc., The Hain Celestial Group, Inc., The Hershey Company, Hormel Foods Corp., Hostess Brands, Inc., J J Snack Foods Corp., Kellogg Company, The Kraft Heinz Company, Lancaster Colony Corp., McCormick Company, Inc., Mondelez International, Inc., Post Holdings, Inc., The J.M. Smucker Company, and TreeHouse Foods, Inc. The Peer Group TSRs shall be adjusted as follows for the following events: (x) peer group companies filing for bankruptcy during the TSR Measurement Period will be considered to have negative one hundred percent (-100 TSR and (y) peer group companies that are acquired during the TSR Measurement Period shall (1) be excluded if they enter into a definitive agreement to be acquired during the first year of the TSR Performance Period and (2) be positioned relative to the Flowers TSR based on both companies TSRs through the trading day which is twenty (20) trading days before the acquired company announces the transaction if they enter into a definitive agreement to be acquired after the first year of the TSR Performance Period. If a peer group company is subsumed by merger (i.e., no longer exists after the merger is consummated), it will be eliminated for that TSR Measurement Period and any subsequent TSR Measurement Periods. 

(vi) Percentile means the rank order from the bottom of the Flowers TSR vs. the Peer Group TSRs on a scale of 100, as calculated by Microsoft Excel , with the Company included in the group for this purpose. 

(vii) ROIC Performance Period means January 1, 2023 through January 3, 2026. 

(viii) TSR Performance Period means January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2025. 

(ix) TSR Measurement Periods means January 1, 2023 through each respective calendar quarter ending March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31, 2025. 

1. Note to FLO : Please confirm this definition is accurate for the 2023 grants (or revise as needed). 
 
 NAI-1534901849v2 
 	- 4 -	 

(x) Performance Criteria means the Management Objectives approved by the Committee which set forth the performance standards applicable to each of the ROIC Shares and the TSR Shares. 

(xi) Target means the payment percentage equaling 100 relative to a designated level of achievement of the applicable Performance Criteria set forth in the table providing the range of potential payment opportunities for each of the ROIC Shares and the TSR Shares. 

(xii) WACC means the time-weighted quarterly average during the ROIC Performance Period of D times R d multiplied by D/V, and E times R e multiplied by E/V, where: 

(A) D equals the time-weighted average quarterly book value of the Company s interest-bearing debt obligations; 

(B) R d equals the time-weighted average quarterly value of the Company s after-tax cost of debt, as determined by the Committee s business judgment and considering market conditions; 

(C) E equals the time-weighted average quarterly market value of the Company s equity capital; 

(D) R e equals the time-weighted average quarterly value of the Company s cost of equity, as determined by the Committee s business judgment and considering market conditions, with the value for the measure of the stock s volatility (beta) fixed at the beginning of the ROIC Performance Period; 

(E) V equals the sum of the time-weighted average quarterly book value of the Company s interest-bearing obligations and the time-weighted average quarterly market value of the Company s equity capital. 

GAAP and other amounts used in the calculation of WACC shall be adjusted for items that in the Committee s judgement, and as agreed to by the Company s external auditors, affect comparability during the measurement period. An example calculation is set forth on Attachment A. 2 
 (xiii) Cause means: 

(A) any willful or negligent material violation of any applicable securities laws (including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002); 

(B) any act of fraud, intentional misrepresentation, embezzlement, dishonesty, misappropriation or conversion of any asset or business opportunity of the Company; 

(C) conviction of, or entering into a plea of nolo contendere to, a felony; 

2. Note to FLO : Please confirm this definition is accurate for the 2023 grants (or revise as needed). 
 
 NAI-1534901849v2 
 	- 5 -	 

(D) an intentional, repeated or continuing violation of any of the Company s policies or procedures that occurs or continues after the Company has given notice to the Grantee that he or she has materially violated a Company policy or procedure; 

(E) any breach of a written covenant or agreement with the Company, including the terms of this Plan (other than a failure to perform Grantee s duties with the Company resulting from the Grantee s incapacity due to physical or mental illness or from the assignment to the Grantee of duties that would constitute Good Reason), which is material and which is not cured within thirty (30) days after written notice thereof from the Company to the Grantee; 

(F) abuse of alcohol or drugs; or 

(G) failure to reasonably cooperate in a governmental or Board investigation. 

(xiv) Good Reason means a timely termination of employment for any of the reasons set forth in (A) through (H) below, but only if (I) is satisfied: 

(A) a material diminution in the Grantee s duties, responsibilities or authority (for the avoidance of doubt, a change in title or reporting alone does not constitute Good Reason under this subsection (A)); 

(B) a material reduction by the Company of the Grantee s base salary; 

(C) a material reduction by the Company of the Grantee s target bonus opportunity; 

(D) a material reduction in long-term incentives from the year prior to the Change in Control, as measured by grant date economic values determined by a third-party compensation firm chosen by the Company and using generally accepted methodologies, which may include annualizing prior year long-term incentive grants over more than one year and ignoring prior special retention or sign-on grants; 

(E) a material failure of the successor entity to cover the Grantee under the savings and retirement plans provided to similarly situated executives; 

(F) the relocation of the Company s principal executive offices more than fifty (50) miles from their current location, if at the time of a Change in Control the Grantee is based at the Company s principal executive offices, or the requirement of the Grantee to be based at a location more than fifty (50) miles from the Grantee s location as of the Change of Control; 

(G) any purported termination by the Company of the Grantee s employment upon the occurrence of a Change in Control except for Cause; or 

NAI-1534901849v2 
 	- 6 -	 

(H) any failure by a successor company to assume on behalf of its participants the Flowers Foods Inc., Change of Control Plan (the COC Severance Plan ), or any action by the successor company to amend such COC Severance Plan in violation of its terms; 

but provided that , 
 (I) the Grantee gives the Company timely notice of the Good Reason event and a reasonable amount of time to cure such Good Reason event. 

For purposes of subsection (I) above, before a termination by a Grantee will constitute termination for Good Reason, the Grantee must give the Company a notice of termination of employment within ninety (90) calendar days following the occurrence of the event that constitutes Good Reason. For a Grantee who terminates prior to and in anticipation of a Change in Control during the period that is six (6) months preceding the Change in Control date, the period in which the Grantee must give the Company a notice of termination of employment is the later of (x) ninety (90) calendar days following the occurrence of the event that constitutes Good Reason and (y) the Change in Control. Failure to provide such notice of termination of employment within such applicable period shall be conclusive proof that the Grantee shall not have Good Reason to terminate employment. 
 Good Reason shall exist only if (i) the Company fails to remedy the event or events constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt of the notice of termination of employment from the Grantee and (ii) the Grantee terminates his or her employment within one hundred eighty (180) days after the date that the Grantee first has knowledge of the existence of any event or condition described in clauses (A) through (H) above. 
 5. Forfeiture of Stock Award . 

(a) If the Grantee ceases to be continuously employed by the Company and/or Subsidiary at any time prior to the Vesting Date, any portion of the Stock Award that has not theretofore become non-forfeitable in accordance with the terms of Sections 1 and 2 shall be forfeited, except as provided in Section 3. 

(b) In any event, if, prior to the entire Stock Award becoming non-forfeitable, the Grantee is demoted due to Cause or poor performance from the position of employment held by the Grantee on the Date of Grant to a position which would not have been eligible for a grant of Performance Shares pursuant to the Committee s guidelines as of the Date of Grant, then the Grantee shall forfeit a fraction of the Stock Award, but shall, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, be entitled to retain the remaining fraction of the initial Stock Award. The fraction of the Stock Award that the Grantee is entitled to retain is a fraction that is equal to the number of the Company s complete fiscal quarters of the applicable performance period in which the Grantee is employed in the position held by the Grantee on the Date of Grant (beginning with January 1, 2023 and terminating with the quarter in which or with which demotion occurs) divided by twelve (12). Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely for purposes of this Agreement, the Committee may determine in its sole discretion that an apparent demotion (meaning not due to Cause or poor performance, as opposed to an actual demotion) shall not cause a forfeiture. 

NAI-1534901849v2 
 	- 7 -	 

6. Dividend, Voting and Other Rights . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 6, the Grantee shall have none of the rights of a stockholder with respect to the Stock Award. A notional cash account for the Grantee shall be credited with an amount equal to any cash dividends paid by the Company on its Common Stock during the full or partial performance period as determined under Sections 1 through 5. Such notional cash dividends shall become non-forfeitable only with respect to the corresponding portion of the Stock Award that ultimately vests in accordance with Sections 1 through 5. Non-forfeitable notional cash dividends will be distributed in cash, without interest, when the corresponding vested portion of the Stock Award is paid out as set forth in Sections 2 and 3. 

7. Settlement . The shares of Common Stock underlying the Stock Award ultimately earned and vested shall not be issued or delivered to the Grantee until payout. The Company may deliver the Common Stock by delivery of physical certificates or by certificate-less book-entry issuance. 

8. Restrictions on Transfer of Stock Award . The Stock Award and the shares underlying it may not be transferred, sold, pledged, exchanged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Grantee, except to the Company, until such shares underlying the Stock Award have been paid out. Any purported transfer, encumbrance or other disposition of the Stock Award or the shares underlying it that is in violation of this Section 8 shall be null and void, and the other party to any such purported transaction shall not obtain any rights to or interest in the Stock Award or such shares. 

9. Compliance with Law . The Company will make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws; provided, however, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company will not be obligated to issue any restricted or non-restricted shares of Common Stock or other securities pursuant to this Agreement if the issuance thereof would result in a violation of any such law. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement prevents the Grantee from providing, without prior notice to the Company, information to governmental authorities regarding possible legal violations or otherwise testifying or participating in any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authorities regarding possible legal violations, and for purpose of clarity the Grantee is not prohibited from providing information voluntarily to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 21F of the Exchange Act. 

10. Adjustments . The Committee will make such adjustments in the number and kind of shares of stock or other securities covered by this Agreement as provided for in Section 11 of the Plan. 

11. Taxes and Withholding . To the extent that the Company or Subsidiary is required to withhold any federal, state, local or foreign tax in connection with the issuance or vesting of any portion of the Stock Award or other amounts pursuant to this Agreement, and the amounts available to the Company for such withholding are insufficient, it shall be a condition to the delivery of the shares to the Grantee that the Grantee shall pay the tax in cash or make provisions that are satisfactory to the Company for the payment thereof. 

12. No Right to Future Awards or Employment . The grant of the Stock Award under this Agreement to the Grantee is a voluntary, discretionary award being made on a one-time basis and it does not constitute a commitment to make any future awards. The grant of the Stock Award and any payments made hereunder will not be considered salary or other compensation for purposes of any severance pay or similar allowance, except as otherwise required by law. The Plan and this Agreement will not confer upon the Grantee any right with respect to the continuance of employment or other service with the Company or any Subsidiary and will not interfere in any way with any right that the Company or any Subsidiary would otherwise have to terminate any employment or other service of the Grantee at any time. 

NAI-1534901849v2 
 	- 8 -	 

13. Relation to Other Benefits . Any economic or other benefit to the Grantee under this Agreement will not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Grantee may be entitled under any profit sharing, retirement, or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company or a Subsidiary and will not affect the amount of any life insurance coverage available to any beneficiary under any life insurance plan covering employees of the Company or any Subsidiary, unless provided otherwise in any such plan. 

14. Agreement Subject to the Plan . The Stock Award granted under this Agreement and all of the terms and conditions hereof are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this Agreement may be defined herein, defined in the Plan, or defined in both places. In the event of any inconsistency between this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will govern. The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan, as constituted from time to time, shall, except as expressly provided otherwise herein, have the right to determine any questions which arise in connection with the Stock Award or its vesting. 

15. Recoupment . In the event the Board has reliable evidence of knowing misconduct by the Grantee that resulted in the incorrect overstatement of the Company s earnings or other financial measurements which were taken into consideration with respect to Management Objectives, and the Grantee either received an award of Option Rights, Restricted Stock, Performance Shares, Performance Units or any other award granted under the Plan, or such awards vested or became non-forfeitable as a result of such overstatement, the Board shall require that the Grantee reimburse the Company or forfeit, as applicable, the full amount of any awards granted pursuant to the Plan that resulted from such overstatement. The remedy specified in this Section 15 shall not be exclusive, and shall be in addition to every other right or remedy at law or in equity that may be available to the Company. 

In addition, and notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Grantee acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the award described herein are subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s Clawback Policy, as it may be amended from time, or any other applicable recoupment, recapture, clawback, or recovery policy of the Company as adopted by the Board or the Committee and in effect from time to time including specifically to implement Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations promulgated thereunder (including applicable rules and regulations of any national securities exchange on which the Common Stock may be traded) (the Compensation Recovery Policy ), and that applicable provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed superseded by and subject to the terms and conditions of the Compensation Recovery Policy from and after the effective date hereof. A copy of the Compensation Recovery Policy is available upon request. 
 16. Amendments . Subject to the terms of Section 17 of the Plan, any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto; provided , however , that no amendment will materially and adversely affect the rights of the Grantee under this Agreement without the Grantee s consent, except that the Grantee s consent shall not be required to an amendment that is deemed necessary by the Company to ensure compliance with Section 409A of the Code or Section 10D of the Exchange Act. 

17. Severability . In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated will be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof will continue to be valid and fully enforceable. 

18. Successors and Assigns . Without limiting Section 8 hereof, the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of the Grantee, and the successors and assigns of the Company. 

NAI-1534901849v2 
 	- 9 -	 

19. Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal substantive laws of the State of Georgia. 

20. Notices . Any notice to the Company provided for herein shall be in writing to the Company at the principal executive office of the Company, marked Attention: Corporate Secretary, and any notice to the Grantee shall be addressed to said Grantee at his or her address then currently on file with the Company. Except as otherwise provided herein, any written notice shall be deemed to be duly given if and when delivered personally or deposited in the United States mail, first class registered mail, postage and fees prepaid, and addressed as aforesaid. Any party may change the address to which notices are to be given hereunder by written notice to the other party as herein specified (provided that for this purpose, any mailed notice shall be deemed given on the third business day following deposit of the same in the United States mail). 

21. Certain Additional Defined Terms . In addition to the following defined terms and terms defined elsewhere herein, when used in the Agreement, terms with initial capital letters have the meaning given such term under the Plan, as in effect from time to time. 

(a) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(b) Change in Control shall mean the consummation of any Change in Control of the Company of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion; provided that, without limitation, such a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if: 

(i) any Person (as such term is defined in Sections 13(d) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act; hereafter, a Person is on the date hereof or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 35 or more of the Voting Power; provided , however , that for purposes of this Section 21(b), the following rules shall apply: 

(A) (1) a Change in Control will not be deemed to have occurred in the case of any acquisition of Voting Power directly from the Company that is approved by a majority of those persons serving as directors of the Company on the date of this Plan (the Original Directors or their Successors (as defined below), (2) any acquisition of Voting Power by the Company, or any Subsidiary, and (3) any acquisition of Voting Power by the trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any Subsidiary (the term Successors shall mean those directors whose election or nomination for election by stockholders has been approved by the vote of at least two-thirds of the Original Directors and previously qualified Successors serving as directors of the Company, as the case may be, at the time of such election or nomination for election); 

NAI-1534901849v2 
 	- 10 -	 

(B) if any Person is or becomes the beneficial owner of 35 or more of the Voting Power as a result of a transaction described in clause (A) of this Section 21(b)(i) above and such Person thereafter becomes the beneficial owner of any additional shares of Voting Power representing 1 or more of the then-outstanding Voting Power other than in an acquisition directly from the Company that is approved by a majority of the Original Directors or their Successors or other than as a result of a stock dividend, stock split or similar transaction effected by the Company in which all holders of Voting Power are treated equally, such subsequent acquisition shall be treated as a Change in Control; 

(C) a Change in Control will not be deemed to have occurred if a Person is or becomes the beneficial owner of 35 or more of the Voting Power as a result of a reduction in the number of shares of Voting Power outstanding pursuant to a transaction or series of transactions that is approved by a majority of the Original Directors or their Successors unless and until such Person thereafter becomes the beneficial owner of any additional shares of Voting Power representing 1 or more of the then-outstanding Voting Power other than as a result of a stock dividend, stock split or similar transaction effected by the Company in which all holders of Voting Power are treated equally; or 

(D) if at least a majority of the Original Directors or their Successors determine in good faith that a Person has acquired beneficial ownership of 35 or more of the Voting Power inadvertently, and such Person divests as promptly as practicable but no later than the date, if any, set by the Original Directors or their Successors a sufficient number of shares so that such Person beneficially owns less than 35 of the Voting Power, then no Change in Control shall have occurred as a result of such Person s acquisition. 

(ii) The Company consummates a merger or consolidation in which stockholders of the Company immediately prior to entering into such agreement will beneficially own, immediately after the effective time of the merger or consolidation, securities of the Company or any surviving or new corporation, as the case may be, having less than 60 of the Voting Power of any surviving or new corporation, as the case may be, including Voting Power exercisable on a contingent or deferred basis as well as immediately exercisable Voting Power, excluding any merger or combination of a wholly owned Subsidiary into the Company, or the Company into a wholly owned Subsidiary; or 

(iii) The Company consummates a sale, lease, exchange or other transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of its assets to any Person other than to a wholly owned Subsidiary, but not including (A) a mortgage or pledge of assets granted in connection with a financing or (B) a spin-off or sale of assets if the Company continues in existence and its common shares are listed on a national securities exchange, quoted on the automated quotation system of a national securities association or traded in the over-the-counter market; or 

(iv) the Original Directors and/or their Successors as defined above in Section 21(b)(i)(A) of this definition do not constitute a majority of the whole Board as the case may be; or 

(v) approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company, as the case may be. 

NAI-1534901849v2 
 	- 11 -	 

(c) Subsidiary means a corporation, company or other entity (i) more than fifty percent (50 of whose outstanding shares or securities (representing the right to vote for the election of directors or other managing authority) are, or (ii) which does not have outstanding shares or securities (as may be the case in a partnership, joint venture or unincorporated association), but more than fifty percent (50 of whose ownership interest representing the right generally to make decisions for such other entity is, now or hereafter, owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Company. 

(d) Voting Power means, at any time, the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of Directors in the case of the Company, or the members of the board of directors or similar body in the case of another entity. 

22. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Agreement and the Plan comply with, or be exempt from, the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, so that the income inclusion provisions of Section 409A(a)(1) do not apply to the Grantee. This Agreement in conjunction with the terms of the Plan shall be administered in a manner consistent with this intent. Any amendments made to comply with Section 409A of the Code may be retroactive to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code and may be made by the Company without the consent of the Grantee. In any case, the Grantee shall be solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties that may be imposed in connection with this Agreement (including any taxes and penalties under Section 409A of the Code), and the Company shall not have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold the Grantee harmless from any or all of such taxes or penalties. 

23. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the Stock Award and the Grantee s participation in the Plan, or future awards that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means or request the Grantee s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Grantee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 

24. Acknowledgement . The Grantee acknowledges that the Grantee (a) has received a copy of the Plan, (b) has had an opportunity to review the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, (c) understands the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan and (d) agrees to such terms and conditions. 

25. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement. 

26. Data Protection . By signing below, the Grantee consents that the Company may process the Grantee s personal data, including name, Social Security number, address and number of shares of the Stock Award Data ), exclusively for the purpose of performing this Agreement, in particular in connection with the Stock Award awarded to the Grantee. For this purpose, the Data may also be disclosed to and processed by companies outside the Company, e.g., banks involved. 

Signature follows on the next page 
 
 NAI-1534901849v2 
 	- 12 -	 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officer as of the day and year first above written. 

FLOWERS FOODS, INC. 

/s/ R. STEVE KINSEY 

By: 

R. Steve Kinsey Chief Financial Accounting Officer 
 NAI-1534901849v2 
 	- 13 -	 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 flo-ex10_34.htm
 EX-10.34

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.34 
 FLOWERS FOODS, INC. 2014 OMNIBUS EQUITY AND INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 2023 Time Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 WHEREAS, [[FIRSTNAME]] [[LASTNAME]] (the Grantee is a Participant in the Flowers Foods, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan and is an employee of Flowers Foods, Inc. (the Company or a Subsidiary; and 
 WHEREAS, a grant of Restricted Stock Units to the Grantee has been duly authorized by a resolution of the Committee as effective on January 1, 2023 (the Date of Grant ). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby memorializes a grant to the Grantee, as of the Date of Grant, pursuant to this 2023 Time Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this Agreement of [[SHARESGRANTED]] time based Restricted Stock Units (the TBRSUs ). 
 1. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . The TBRSUs will become non-forfeitable over the period running through January 5, 2026, with approximately one-third (1/3) of the TBRSUs becoming non-forfeitable on each of (a) January 5, 2024, (ii) January 5, 2025, and (c) January 5, 2026, subject to the Grantee having remained in the continuous employ of the Company and/or Subsidiary until said date. 

2. Distribution . Shares underlying TBRSUs that become non-forfeitable under Section 1 shall be distributed as soon as practicable after the applicable date upon which such TBRSUs become non-forfeitable, but notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in all events within the short-term deferral period determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4). 

3. Continuous Employment; Early Termination of Employment . 

(a) Continuous Employment . For purposes of this Agreement, the Grantee s employment with the Company or Subsidiary will be deemed to have ceased as of the last day worked. In the case of a Grantee having received short term disability benefits, employment will be deemed to have ceased on the last day for which such short term benefits are paid, unless the Grantee immediately returns to active employment. For the purposes of this Agreement, the continuous employment of the Grantee with the Company or a Subsidiary will not be deemed to have been interrupted, and the Grantee will not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary, by reason of (i) the termination of his employment by the Company or a Subsidiary and immediate rehire by the Company (if the Company was not the original employer) or by another Subsidiary or (ii) an approved leave of absence. 

(b) Vesting Upon Retirement . In the event that the Grantee s employment with the Company shall terminate prior to January 5, 2026 because of Retirement in the absence of Cause, a portion of any TBRSUs which are forfeitable as of such date shall become non-forfeitable, with such portion being equal to (i) the total number of TBRSUs granted hereunder, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of complete calendar quarters which have elapsed from the Date of Grant to the date of Retirement, and the denominator of which is twelve (12), less (ii) the number of TBRSUs granted hereunder that have already become non-forfeitable hereunder. The distribution of shares underlying the TBRSUs which become non-forfeitable under this Section 3(b) shall be made within thirty (30) days after the end of the calendar year of the Retirement, but notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in all events within the short-term deferral period determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4). 

NAI-1534901850v2 
 1 

(c) Vesting Upon Disability or Death . Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 1, 2 and 3(b), in the event of the Grantee s death or Disability prior to January 5, 2026, then all of Grantee s forfeitable TBRSUs shall immediately become non-forfeitable and shares underlying such TBRSUs shall be distributed within ten (10) business days of the applicable occurrence, but notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in all events within the short-term deferral period determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4). 

(d) Vesting Upon Change in Control . Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 1, 2 and 3(b), in the event of either: 

(i) a termination of employment prior to January 5, 2026, either within two (2) years after a Change in Control (in which case the occurrence shall be the termination of employment) or during the six (6) month period prior to a Change in Control (in which case vesting is contingent on the occurrence of the Change in Control and the occurrence shall be the Change in Control), where either the Grantee is involuntarily terminated from employment for reasons other than for Cause, or the Grantee terminates his or her employment for Good Reason, or 

(ii) a Change in Control prior to January 5, 2026 where the TBRSUs are not assumed or converted into replacement awards in connection with the Change in Control, 

then all of Grantee s forfeitable TBRSUs shall immediately become non-forfeitable and shares underlying such TBRSUs shall be distributed within ten (10) business days of the applicable occurrence, but notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in all events within the short-term deferral period determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4). 
 4. Vesting Definitions . 

(i) Retirement means termination of employment after either (A) attainment of age sixty-five (65), or (B) attainment of age fifty-five (55) provided the Grantee has accrued ten (10) years of service. 

(ii) Cause means: 

(A) any willful or negligent material violation of any applicable securities laws (including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002); 

(B) any act of fraud, intentional misrepresentation, embezzlement, dishonesty, misappropriation or conversion of any asset or business opportunity of the Company; 

(C) conviction of, or entering into a plea of nolo contendere to, a felony; 

(D) an intentional, repeated or continuing violation of any of the Company s policies or procedures that occurs or continues after the Company has given notice to the Grantee that he or she has materially violated a Company policy or procedure; 

- 2 - 
 
 (E) any breach of a written covenant or agreement with the Company, including the terms of this Plan (other than a failure to perform Grantee s duties with the Company resulting from the Grantee s incapacity due to physical or mental illness or from the assignment to the Grantee of duties that would constitute Good Reason), which is material and which is not cured within thirty (30) days after written notice thereof from the Company to the Grantee; 

(F) abuse of alcohol or drugs; or 

(G) failure to reasonably cooperate in a governmental or Board investigation. 

(iii) Good Reason means a timely termination of employment for any of the reasons set forth in (A) through (H) below, but only if (I) is satisfied: 

(A) a material diminution in the Grantee s duties, responsibilities or authority (for the avoidance of doubt, a change in title or reporting alone does not constitute Good Reason under this subsection (A)); 

(B) a material reduction by the Company of the Grantee s base salary; 

(C) a material reduction by the Company of the Grantee s target bonus opportunity; 

(D) a material reduction in long-term incentives from the year prior to the Change in Control, as measured by grant date economic values determined by a third-party compensation firm chosen by the Company and using generally accepted methodologies, which may include annualizing prior year long-term incentive grants over more than one year and ignoring prior special retention or sign-on grants; 

(E) a material failure of the successor entity to cover the Grantee under the savings and retirement plans provided to similarly situated executives; 

(F) the relocation of the Company s principal executive offices more than fifty (50) miles from their current location, if at the time of a Change in Control the Grantee is based at the Company s principal executive offices, or the requirement of the Grantee to be based at a location more than fifty (50) miles from the Grantee s location as of the Change of Control; 

(G) any purported termination by the Company of the Grantee s employment upon the occurrence of a Change in Control except for Cause; or 

(H) any failure by a successor company to assume on behalf of its participants the Flowers Foods Inc., Change of Control Plan (the COC Severance Plan ), or any action by such successor company to amend the COC Severance Plan in violation of its terms; 

but provided that , 
 (I) the Grantee gives the Company timely notice of the Good Reason event and a reasonable amount of time to cure such Good Reason event. 

- 3 - 
 
 For purposes of subsection (I) above, before a termination by a Grantee will constitute termination for Good Reason, the Grantee must give the Company a notice of termination of employment within ninety (90) calendar days following the occurrence of the event that constitutes Good Reason. For a Grantee who terminates prior to and in anticipation of a Change in Control during the period that is six (6) months preceding the Change in Control date, the period in which the Grantee must give the Company a notice of termination of employment is the later of (x) ninety (90) calendar days following the occurrence of the event that constitutes Good Reason and (y) the Change in Control. Failure to provide such notice of termination of employment within such applicable period shall be conclusive proof that the Grantee shall not have Good Reason to terminate employment. 
 Good Reason shall exist only if (i) the Company fails to remedy the event or events constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt of the notice of termination of employment from the Grantee and (ii) the Grantee terminates his or her employment within one hundred eighty (180) days after the date that the Grantee first has knowledge of the existence of any event or condition described in clauses (A) through (H) above. 
 5. Forfeiture of TBRSUs . 

(a) If the Grantee ceases to be continuously employed by the Company and/or Subsidiary at any time prior to all of the TBRSUs becoming non-forfeitable, any portion of the TBRSUs that has not theretofore become non-forfeitable in accordance with the terms of Sections 1 and 2 shall be forfeited, except as provided in Section 3. 

(b) In any event, if, prior to all of the TBRSUs becoming non-forfeitable, the Grantee is demoted due to Cause or poor performance from the position of employment held by the Grantee on the Date of Grant to a position which would not have been eligible for a grant of TBRSUs pursuant to the Committee s guidelines as of the Date of Grant, then the Grantee shall forfeit a fraction of the forfeitable TBRSUs, but shall be entitled to retain the remaining fraction of the forfeitable TBRSUs, subject to the provisions of this Agreement. The fraction of the forfeitable TBRSUs that the Grantee is entitled to retain is a fraction that is equal to the number of forfeitable TBRSUs as of the date of the demotion, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that have elapsed from January 1, 2023 to the date of the demotion, and the denominator of which is 1,095. Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely for purposes of this Agreement, the Committee may determine in its sole discretion that an apparent demotion (meaning not due to Cause or poor performance, as opposed to an actual demotion) shall not cause a forfeiture. 

6. Dividend, Voting and Other Rights . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 6, the Grantee shall have none of the rights of a stockholder with respect to the TBRSUs. A notional cash account for the Grantee shall be credited with an amount equal to any cash dividends paid by the Company on its Common Stock during the full or partial vesting period as determined under Sections 1 through 5. Such notional cash dividends shall become non-forfeitable only with respect to the corresponding portion of the TBRSUs that ultimately becomes non-forfeitable in accordance with Sections 1 through 5. Non-forfeitable notional cash dividends will be distributed in cash, without interest, when the corresponding shares underlying the nonforfeitable TBRSUs are paid out as set forth in Sections 2 and 3. 

7. Settlement . Non-forfeitable TBRSUs shall be settled in accordance with Sections 2 and 3 above by delivering to the Grantee a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of non-forfeitable TBRSUs. The Company may deliver the Common Stock by delivery of physical certificates or by certificate-less book-entry issuance. 

- 4 - 
 
 8. Restrictions on Transfer of TBRSUs . The TBRSUs and the shares underlying them may not be transferred, sold, pledged, exchanged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Grantee, except to the Company, until shares underlying the TBRSUs have been paid out. Any purported transfer, encumbrance or other disposition of the TBRSUs or the shares underlying them that is in violation of this Section 8 shall be null and void, and the other party to any such purported transaction shall not obtain any rights to or interest in the TBRSUs or such shares. 

9. Compliance with Law . The Company will make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws; provided, however, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company will not be obligated to issue any restricted or non-restricted shares of Common Stock or other securities pursuant to this Agreement if the issuance thereof would result in a violation of any such law. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement prevents the Grantee from providing, without prior notice to the Company, information to governmental authorities regarding possible legal violations or otherwise testifying or participating in any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authorities regarding possible legal violations, and for purpose of clarity the Grantee is not prohibited from providing information voluntarily to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 21F of the Exchange Act. 

10. Adjustments . The Committee will make such adjustments in the number and kind of shares of stock or other securities covered by this Agreement as provided for in Section 11 of the Plan. 

11. Taxes and Withholding . To the extent that the Company or Subsidiary is required to withhold any federal, state, local or foreign tax in connection with the issuance or vesting of any portion of the TBRSUs or other amounts pursuant to this Agreement, and the amounts available to the Company for such withholding are insufficient, it shall be a condition to the delivery of the shares to the Grantee that the Grantee shall pay the tax in cash or make provisions that are satisfactory to the Company for the payment thereof. 

12. No Right to Future Awards or Employment . The grant of the TBRSUs under this Agreement to the Grantee is a voluntary, discretionary award being made on a one-time basis and it does not constitute a commitment to make any future awards. The grant of the TBRSUs and any payments made hereunder will not be considered salary or other compensation for purposes of any severance pay or similar allowance, except as otherwise required by law. The Plan and this Agreement will not confer upon the Grantee any right with respect to the continuance of employment or other service with the Company or any Subsidiary and will not interfere in any way with any right that the Company or any Subsidiary would otherwise have to terminate any employment or other service of the Grantee at any time. 

13. Relation to Other Benefits . Any economic or other benefit to the Grantee under this Agreement will not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Grantee may be entitled under any profit sharing, retirement, or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company or a Subsidiary and will not affect the amount of any life insurance coverage available to any beneficiary under any life insurance plan covering employees of the Company or any Subsidiary, unless provided otherwise in any such plan. 

14. Agreement Subject to the Plan . The TBRSUs granted under this Agreement and all of the terms and conditions hereof are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this Agreement may be defined herein, defined in the Plan, or defined in both places. In the event of any inconsistency between this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will govern. The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan, as constituted from time to time, shall, except as expressly provided otherwise herein, have the right to determine any questions which arise in connection with the TBRSUs or its vesting. 

- 5 - 
 
 15. Amendments . Subject to the terms of Section 17 of the Plan, any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto; provided , however , that no amendment will materially and adversely affect the rights of the Grantee under this Agreement without the Grantee s consent, except that the Grantee s consent shall not be required to an amendment that is deemed necessary by the Company to ensure compliance with Section 409A of the Code or Section 10D of the Exchange Act. 

16. Severability . In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated will be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof will continue to be valid and fully enforceable. 

17. Successors and Assigns . Without limiting Section 8 hereof, the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of the Grantee, and the successors and assigns of the Company. 

18. Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal substantive laws of the State of Georgia. 

19. Notices . Any notice to the Company provided for herein shall be in writing to the Company at the principal executive office of the Company, marked Attention: Corporate Secretary, and any notice to the Grantee shall be addressed to said Grantee at his or her address then currently on file with the Company. Except as otherwise provided herein, any written notice shall be deemed to be duly given if and when delivered personally or deposited in the United States mail, first class registered mail, postage and fees prepaid, and addressed as aforesaid. Any party may change the address to which notices are to be given hereunder by written notice to the other party as herein specified (provided that for this purpose, any mailed notice shall be deemed given on the third business day following deposit of the same in the United States mail). 

20. Certain Additional Defined Terms . In addition to the following defined terms and terms defined elsewhere herein, when used in the Agreement, terms with initial capital letters have the meaning given such term under the Plan, as in effect from time to time. 

(a) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(b) Change in Control shall mean the consummation of any Change in Control of the Company of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion; provided that, without limitation, such a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if: 

(i) any Person (as such term is defined in Sections 13(d) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act; hereafter, a Person is on the date hereof or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 35 or more of the Voting Power; provided , however , that for purposes of this Section 20(b), the following rules shall apply: 

(A) (1) a Change in Control will not be deemed to have occurred in the case of any acquisition of Voting Power directly from the Company that is approved by a majority of those persons serving as directors of the Company on the date of this Plan (the Original Directors or their Successors (as defined below), (2) any acquisition of Voting Power by the Company, or any Subsidiary, and (3) any acquisition of Voting Power by the trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any Subsidiary (the term Successors shall mean those directors 

- 6 - 
 
 whose election or nomination for election by stockholders has been approved by the vote of at least two-thirds of the Original Directors and previously qualified Successors serving as directors of the Company, as the case may be, at the time of such election or nomination for election); 

(B) if any Person is or becomes the beneficial owner of 35 or more of the Voting Power as a result of a transaction described in clause (A) of this Section 20(b)(i) above and such Person thereafter becomes the beneficial owner of any additional shares of Voting Power representing 1 or more of the then-outstanding Voting Power other than in an acquisition directly from the Company that is approved by a majority of the Original Directors or their Successors or other than as a result of a stock dividend, stock split or similar transaction effected by the Company in which all holders of Voting Power are treated equally, such subsequent acquisition shall be treated as a Change in Control; 

(C) a Change in Control will not be deemed to have occurred if a Person is or becomes the beneficial owner of 35 or more of the Voting Power as a result of a reduction in the number of shares of Voting Power outstanding pursuant to a transaction or series of transactions that is approved by a majority of the Original Directors or their Successors unless and until such Person thereafter becomes the beneficial owner of any additional shares of Voting Power representing 1 or more of the then-outstanding Voting Power other than as a result of a stock dividend, stock split or similar transaction effected by the Company in which all holders of Voting Power are treated equally; or 

(D) if at least a majority of the Original Directors or their Successors determine in good faith that a Person has acquired beneficial ownership of 35 or more of the Voting Power inadvertently, and such Person divests as promptly as practicable but no later than the date, if any, set by the Original Directors or their Successors a sufficient number of shares so that such Person beneficially owns less than 35 of the Voting Power, then no Change in Control shall have occurred as a result of such Person s acquisition. 

(ii) The Company consummates a merger or consolidation in which stockholders of the Company immediately prior to entering into such agreement will beneficially own, immediately after the effective time of the merger or consolidation, securities of the Company or any surviving or new corporation, as the case may be, having less than 60 of the Voting Power of any surviving or new corporation, as the case may be, including Voting Power exercisable on a contingent or deferred basis as well as immediately exercisable Voting Power, excluding any merger or combination of a wholly owned Subsidiary into the Company, or the Company into a wholly owned Subsidiary; or 

(iii) The Company consummates a sale, lease, exchange or other transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of its assets to any Person other than to a wholly owned Subsidiary, but not including (A) a mortgage or pledge of assets granted in connection with a financing or (B) a spin-off or sale of assets if the Company continues in existence and its common shares are listed on a national securities exchange, quoted on the automated quotation system of a national securities association or traded in the over-the-counter market; or 

(iv) the Original Directors and/or their Successors as defined above in Section 20(b)(i)(A) of this definition do not constitute a majority of the whole Board as the case may be; or 

- 7 - 
 
 (v) approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company, as the case may be. 

(c) Subsidiary means a corporation, company or other entity (i) more than fifty percent (50 of whose outstanding shares or securities (representing the right to vote for the election of directors or other managing authority) are, or (ii) which does not have outstanding shares or securities (as may be the case in a partnership, joint venture or unincorporated association), but more than fifty percent (50 of whose ownership interest representing the right generally to make decisions for such other entity is, now or hereafter, owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Company. 

(d) Voting Power means, at any time, the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of Directors in the case of the Company, or the members of the board of directors or similar body in the case of another entity. 

21. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Agreement and the Plan comply with, or be exempt from, the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, so that the income inclusion provisions of Section 409A(a)(1) do not apply to the Grantee. This Agreement in conjunction with the terms of the Plan shall be administered in a manner consistent with this intent. Any amendments made to comply with Section 409A of the Code may be retroactive to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code and may be made by the Company without the consent of the Grantee. In any case, the Grantee shall be solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties that may be imposed in connection with this Agreement (including any taxes and penalties under Section 409A of the Code), and the Company shall not have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold the Grantee harmless from any or all of such taxes or penalties. 

22. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the TBRSUs and the Grantee s participation in the Plan, or future awards that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means or request the Grantee s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Grantee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 

23. Acknowledgement . The Grantee acknowledges that the Grantee (a) has received a copy of the Plan, (b) has had an opportunity to review the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, (c) understands the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan and (d) agrees to such terms and conditions. 

24. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement. 

25. Data Protection . By signing below, the Grantee consents that the Company may process the Grantee s personal data, including name, Social Security number, address and number of TBRSUs Data ), exclusively for the purpose of performing this Agreement, in particular in connection with the TBRSUs awarded to the Grantee. For this purpose, the Data may also be disclosed to and processed by companies outside the Company, e.g., banks involved. 

Signature follows on the next page 
 
 - 8 - 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officer as of the day and year first above written. 

FLOWERS FOODS, INC. 

By: 

/s/ R. STEVE KINSEY 

R. Steve Kinsey 

Chief Financial Accounting Officer 

NAI-1534901850v2 
 9 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 5
 flo-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF FLOWERS FOODS, INC. 

Name of Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

14th Street Baking Co. of Birmingham, LLC 
 Alabama 

Bailey Street Bakery, LLC 
 Alabama 

Flowers Bakeries Sales of Alabama, LLC 
 Alabama 

Flowers Bakery of Montgomery, LLC 
 Alabama 

Flowers Baking Co. of Birmingham, LLC 
 Alabama 

Flowers Baking Co. of Opelika, LLC 
 Alabama 

Tuscaloosa Organic Baking Co., LLC 
 Alabama 

Holsum Bakery of Tolleson, LLC 
 Arizona 

Holsum Bakery, Inc. 
 Arizona 

Holsum Holdings, LLC 
 Arizona 

Mesa Organic Baking Co., Inc. 
 Arizona 

Flowers Bakery of Texarkana, LLC 
 Arkansas 

Flowers Baking Co. of Batesville, LLC 
 Arkansas 

Flowers Baking Co. of Pine Bluff, LLC 
 Arkansas 

Fort Smith Baking Co., LLC 
 Arkansas 

Flowers Baking Co. of California, LLC 
 California 

Flowers Baking Co. of Modesto, LLC 
 California 

Flowers Baking Co. of Sacramento, LLC 
 California 

Flowers Baking Co. of Stockton, LLC 
 California 

Canyon Bakehouse, LLC 
 Colorado 

Flowers Baking Co. of Denver, LLC 
 Colorado 

C G Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware 

CK Sales Co., LLC 
 Delaware 

Flowers Bakeries Brands, LLC 
 Delaware 

Flowers Baking Co. of Lakeland, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Flowers Finance II, LLC 
 Delaware 

Flowers Finance, LLC 
 Delaware 

KKB Acquisition, LLC 
 Delaware 

Busch Drive Baking Co. of Jacksonville, LLC 
 Florida 

Flowers Bakeries Sales of Florida, LLC 
 Florida 

Flowers Baking Co. of Bradenton, LLC 
 Florida 

Flowers Baking Co. of Florida, LLC 
 Florida 

Flowers Baking Co. of Jacksonville, LLC 
 Florida 

Flowers Baking Co. of Miami, LLC 
 Florida 

Flowers Baking Co. of Orlando, LLC 
 Florida 

Cotton Acquisition Sub I, LLC 
 Georgia 

Derst Baking Company, LLC 
 Georgia 

FBC Georgia, LLC 
 Georgia 

Flowers Bakeries, LLC 
 Georgia 

Flowers Bakeries Sales, LLC 
 Georgia 

Flowers Bakeries Sales of Georgia, LLC 
 Georgia 

Flowers Bakery of Suwanee, LLC 
 Georgia 

Flowers Baking Co. of Thomasville, LLC 
 Georgia 

Flowers Baking Co. of Tucker, LLC 
 Georgia 

Flowers Baking Co. of Tyler, LLC 
 Georgia 

Flowers Baking Co. of Villa Rica, LLC 
 Georgia 

Flowers Foods Specialty Group, LLC 
 Georgia 

Flowers Specialty Foodservice Sales, LLC 
 Georgia 

Flowers Ventures, LLC 
 Georgia 

Flowers Baking Co. of Hodgkins, LLC 
 Illinois 

Flowers Baking Co. of Peoria, LLC 
 Illinois 

Flowers Baking Co. of Columbus, LLC 
 Indiana 

Flowers Baking Co. of Waterloo, LLC 
 Iowa 

Flowers Baking Co. of Lenexa, LLC 
 Kansas 

Flowers Bakery of London, LLC 
 Kentucky 

Flowers Baking Co. of Bardstown, LLC 
 Kentucky 

Flowers Baking Co. of Alexandria, LLC 
 Louisiana 

Flowers Baking Co. of Baton Rouge, LLC 
 Louisiana 

Flowers Baking Co. of Lafayette, LLC 
 Louisiana 

Flowers Baking Co. of New Orleans, LLC 
 Louisiana 

Flowers Baking Co. of Biddeford, LLC 
 Maine 

Lepage Bakeries Cedar Street, LLC 
 Maine 

Lepage Bakeries Park Street, LLC 
 Maine 

Lepage Leasing, LLC 
 Maine 

El Paso Baking Co. de Mexico, S.A.de C.V. 
 Mexico 

Flowers Baking Co. of Booneville, LLC 
 Missouri 

Flowers Baking Co. of Henderson, LLC 
 Nevada 

Flowers Baking Co. of Jamestown, LLC 
 North Carolina 

Flowers Baking Co. of Newton, LLC 
 North Carolina 

Flowers Baking Co. of Rocky Mount, LLC 
 North Carolina 

Franklin Baking Company, LLC 
 North Carolina 

Flowers Baking Co. of Ohio, LLC 
 Ohio 

Flowers Baking Co. of Tulsa, LLC 
 Oklahoma 

Dave's Killer Bread, Inc. 
 Oregon 

DKB Organic Bakeries, LLC 
 Oregon 

Flowers Baking Co. of Portland, LLC 
 Oregon 

Flowers Baking Co. of Oxford, Inc. 
 Pennsylvania 

Tasty Baking Company 
 Pennsylvania 

TBC Financial Services, Inc. 
 Pennsylvania 

Flowers Specialty Brands, LLC 
 South Carolina 

Flowers Bakery of Cleveland, LLC 
 Tennessee 

Flowers Bakery of Crossville, LLC 
 Tennessee 

Flowers Baking Co. of Knoxville, LLC 
 Tennessee 

Flowers Baking Co. of Memphis, LLC 
 Tennessee 

Flowers Baking Co. of Morristown, LLC 
 Tennessee 

Flowers Baking Co. of Nashville, LLC 
 Tennessee 

Flowers Specialty Snack Sales, Inc. 
 Tennessee 

Monroe Avenue Baking Co. of Memphis, LLC 
 Tennessee 

Flowers Baking Co. of Denton, LLC 
 Texas 

Flowers Baking Co. of El Paso, LLC 
 Texas 

Flowers Baking Co. of Houston, LLC 
 Texas 

Flowers Baking Co. of San Antonio, LLC 
 Texas 

Flowers Baking Co. of Texas, LLC 
 Texas 

Leeland Baking Co., LLC 
 Texas 

Cotton Acquisition UK Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 

Flowers Baking Co. of Ogden, LLC 
 Utah 

Onyx Acquisition Sub, LLC 
 Utah 

Lepage Bakeries Brattleboro, LLC 
 Vermont 

Flowers Baking Co. of Norfolk, LLC 
 Virginia 

Lynchburg Organic Baking Co., LLC 
 Virginia 

Flowers Baking Co. of West Virginia, LLC 
 West Virginia 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 flo-ex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333- 248233) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-132293, 333-58320, 333-59354, 333-156471, 333-151746, 333-159814, 333-196124 and 333-196125) of Flowers Foods, Inc. of our report dated February 22, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 7
 flo-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 I, A. Ryals McMullian, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Flowers Foods, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ A. RYALS MCMULLIAN 

A. Ryals McMullian 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 22, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 8
 flo-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 I, R. Steve Kinsey, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Flowers Foods, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ R. STEVE KINSEY 

R. Steve Kinsey 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

Date: February 22, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 9
 flo-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Flowers Foods, Inc. (the company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

/s/ A. RYALS MCMULLIAN 

A. Ryals McMullian 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ R. STEVE KINSEY 

R. Steve Kinsey 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 flo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 flo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 flo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 flo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 flo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

