<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1849894_0000950170-23-009562.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10860898</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1139823</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>29328</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9369528</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-009562.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323173916
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-009562
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MSD Investment Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849894
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01481
		FILM NUMBER:		23757247

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MSD PARTNERS, L.P.
		STREET 2:		645 FIFTH AVENUE, 21ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022-5910
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212.303.4758

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MSD PARTNERS, L.P.
		STREET 2:		645 FIFTH AVENUE, 21ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022-5910

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MSD Investment, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211117

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MSD Investment Corp., LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210308

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-009562.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 mbdc_10k_123122.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 10-K 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number 814-01481 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 MSD Investment Corp. 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 

Maryland 
 
 87-4195402 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

One Vanderbilt Avenue, 26th Floor New York, New York 
 
 10017 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

212-303-4728 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 _______________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES NO 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding as of March 23, 2023 was 24,728,043 . 

Tabl e of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 25 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 25 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 

PART II. 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 26 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 

Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 
 35 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 34) 
 35 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 36 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period December 21, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) through December 31, 2021 
 37 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the Year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period December 21, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) through December 31, 2021 
 38 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period December 21, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) through December 31, 2021 
 39 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 40 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 47 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 62 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 62 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 62 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 62 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 63 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 63 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 63 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 63 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 63 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 64 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 65 

Signatures 

i 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 the terms we, us, our, and Company refer to MSD Investment, LLC prior to the Conversion (as defined below) and MSD Investment Corp. after the Conversion (as defined below); 

the terms Adviser and MSD refer to MSD Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, in its capacity as our investment adviser; and the term Administrator refers to MSD Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, in its capacity as our administrator. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about MSD Investment Corp. (together, with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company , we , us or our ), our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs and opinions, and our assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, will, may, continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, should, targets, projects, outlook, potential, predicts and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation: 
 an economic downturn could impair our portfolio companies ability to continue to operate, which could lead to the loss of some or all of our investments in such portfolio companies; 

an economic downturn could disproportionately impact the companies that we intend to target for investment, potentially causing us to experience a decrease in investment opportunities and diminished demand for capital from these companies; 

an economic downturn could also impact availability and pricing of our financing and our ability to access the debt capital markets; 

a contraction of available credit and/or an inability to access the equity markets could impair our lending and investment activities; 

the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and related changes in base interest rates and significant market volatility on our business and our portfolio companies (including our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies, including the ability to achieve our and their business objectives), our industry and the global economy; 

interest rate volatility, including the decommissioning of the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR ), could adversely affect our results, particularly if we elect to use leverage as part of our investment strategy; 

currency fluctuations could adversely affect the results of our investments in foreign companies, particularly to the extent that we receive payments denominated in foreign currency rather than U.S. dollars; 

our limited operating history as a business development company BDC ); 

our future operating results; 

the impact of rising interest and inflation rates and the risk of recession on our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

the adequacy of our cash resources, financing sources and working capital; 

the timing and amount of cash flows, distributions and dividends, if any, from our portfolio companies; 

our use of financial leverage; 

risks related to the uncertainty of the value of our portfolio investments; 

the impact of geopolitical conditions, including revolution, insurgency, terrorism or war, including those arising out of the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and general uncertainty surrounding the financial and political stability of the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, China, and other countries; 

the impact that environmental, social, and governance matters could have on our brand and reputation and our portfolio companies; 

the ability of MSD Partners, L.P. (the Adviser to source suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

the ability of the Adviser or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 

our ability to qualify for and maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company RIC and as a BDC; 

the effect of legal, tax and regulatory changes, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 signed into law in August 2022; and 

other risks, uncertainties and other factors previously identified in the reports and other documents we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described or identified in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. These forward-looking statements apply only as of the date of this report. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements or any other information contained herein, except as required by applicable law. The safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which preclude civil liability for certain forward-looking statements, do not apply to the forward-looking statements in this report because we are an investment company. 
 
 1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART I. 
 Item 1. Business. 
 General 
 We are a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the 1940 Act ). We were established as a Delaware limited liability company on February 18, 2021, and converted to MSD Investment, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company, on October 22, 2021. Prior to the Conversion (as defined below), the Company entered into purchase agreements with three affiliated entities (MSD Credit Opportunities Fund, L.P., MSD Credit Opportunities Master Fund, L.P., and SOF Investments II, L.P. (collectively, the Funds )) pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire from the Funds certain investment assets (or participation interests therein pending re-documentation of the Portfolio in the name of the Company) (the Portfolio for an aggregate cash purchase price equal to the fair value of such assets, plus accrued but unpaid interest as of the closing date, less any principal payments received between signing of the purchase agreements and the closing of the transactions contemplated thereby. The closing of the purchase of the Portfolio by the Company occurred on December 21, 2021. As consideration for the Portfolio, the Company paid the Funds an aggregate purchase price of 656.5 million. On December 28, 2021, the Company filed Articles of Conversion (and related Articles of Incorporation) with the Maryland Department of Assessments and Taxation in order to convert the Company from a Maryland limited liability company to a Maryland corporation named MSD Investment Corp. (the Conversion ). In accordance with the Articles of Conversion and Maryland law, the Conversion became effective as of 12:01 a.m. on January 1, 2022 and, as result of the Conversion, each unit representing a portion of the membership interests of the Company prior to the effective time of the Conversion was automatically converted into one share of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company. 
 As a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, we will not be limited by the 1940 Act with respect to the proportion of our assets that we may invest in securities of a single issuer, excluding limitations on investments in other investment companies. 
 In addition, we have elected, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Code ). 
 The Adviser and the Administrator MSD Partners, L.P. 
 MSD Partners, L.P. (the Adviser ), a Delaware limited partnership, serves as the investment adviser of the Company. The Adviser is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC pursuant to the Advisers Act. The Adviser provides certain investment advisory and management services to the Company pursuant to an investment advisory agreement (the Advisory Agreement ). 
 On October 19, 2022, the Adviser entered into a definitive business combination agreement with BDT Company Holdings, L.P. pursuant to which the two companies agreed to combine their respective businesses to create an advisory and investment firm that will seek to serve the needs of family- and founder-led business owners and strategic, long-term investors. 
 MSD Partners, L.P., in its capacity as the administrator of the Company (the Administrator serves as the administrator pursuant to an Administration Agreement between the Company and the Administrator. The Administrator may retain a sub-administrator to provide certain administrative services to the Company and enter in a sub-administration agreement. 
 Advisory Agreement 
 The Adviser is responsible for the overall management of the Company s business and activities pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. The Adviser will manage the Company s loans and day-to-day operations, subject at all times to the terms and conditions set forth in the Advisory Agreement and such further limitations or parameters as may be imposed from time to time by our Board. Under the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser has contractual responsibilities to the Company, including to provide the Company with a management team (whether our Adviser s own employees or individuals for which our Adviser has contracted with other parties to provide services to its clients), who will be our executive officers, and members of the Investment Committee. The Adviser will use its commercially reasonable efforts to perform its duties under the Advisory Agreement. 
 Compensation of the Adviser 
 Management Fee. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the Company will pay to the Adviser an annual management fee (the Management Fee ), payable quarterly in arrears. Management Fees for any partial month or quarter will be appropriately prorated and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant month or quarter. The Management Fee shall be calculated as follows: 
 (i) Prior to an initial public offering of the Company s common stock and/or listing on a nationally recognized stock exchange (an Exchange Listing ), the Management Fee shall be calculated at a rate of 0.1875 per quarter (0.75 per annum) of the Company s average gross asset value at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters (or for the first quarter which the Company has operations, the average gross assets at the date of the initial drawdown from investors and the end of such calendar quarter), including assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage (each, a Credit Facility but excluding (i) cash and cash equivalents (as defined below) and (ii) undrawn commitments (commitments that are not yet property of the Company and therefore are not included in the calculation). Cash equivalents means U.S. government securities, money market fund investments, commercial paper instruments, and other similar cash equivalent investments maturing within one year of purchase. 

(ii) Following an Exchange Listing, the Management Fee will be calculated at a rate 0.3125 per quarter (1.25 per annum) of the Company s average gross asset value including assets purchased with borrowed amounts under any credit facility but excluding cash and cash equivalents at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters (or for the first quarter following an Exchange Listing, the average gross assets as of the date of the Exchange Listing and the end of such calendar quarter). 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Incentive Fee. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the Company will pay to the Adviser an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee ). 
 The Incentive Fee consists of two components that are independent of each other with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the Incentive fee is based on the Company s income (the Income-Based Fee and a portion is based on the Company s capital gains (the Capital Gains Fee ), each is described below. 
 (i) The Income-Based Fee will be determined and paid quarterly in arears based on the amount by which the aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below) in any calendar quarter exceeds the Hurdle Amount (as defined below). The Hurdle Amount will be determined on a quarterly basis and will be calculated by multiplying 1.5 (6 annualized) by the Company s net asset value at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter. 

The calculation of the Income-Based Fee for each quarter is as follows: 
 A. No Income-Based Fee shall be payable to the Adviser in any calendar quarter in which the Company s aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the Hurdle Amount; 
 B. 100 of the Company s aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle Amount but is less than or equal to an amount (the Catch-Up Amount determined on a quarterly basis by multiplying 1.77 (7.06 annualized) by the Company s net asset value at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter. The Catch-Up Amount is intended to provide the Adviser with an incentive fee of 15 on all of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income when the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income reaches the Catch-Up Amount for any calendar quarter; and 
 C. For any quarter in which the Company s aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds the Catch-Up Amount, the Income-Based Fee shall equal 15 of the amount of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for such quarter, as the Hurdle Amount and Catch-Up Amount will have been achieved. 
 (ii) The Capital Gains Fee will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Advisory Agreement), commencing with the first calendar year ended after the Company elects to be treated as a BDC, and is calculated at the end of each applicable year by subtracting (a) the sum of the Company s cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation from (b) the Company s cumulative aggregate realized capital gains. If such amount is positive at the end of such year, then the Capital Gains Fee payable for such year is equal to 15 of such amount, less the cumulative aggregate amount of Capital Gains Fees paid in all prior years commencing with the first calendar year ended after the Company elects to be treated as a BDC. If such amount is negative, then there is no Capital Gains Fee payable for such year. If the Advisory Agreement is terminated as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date shall be treated as though it were a calendar year end for purposes of calculating and paying a Capital Gains Fee. The Company will accrue, but will not pay, a Capital Gains Incentive Fee with respect to unrealized appreciation, in accordance with generally accepted account principals in the United States U.S. GAAP ), because a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the Adviser if the Company were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. In no event will the Capital Gains Incentive Fee calculated on unrealized appreciation be payable until such gains are realized, if at all. 

Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income shall mean interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies but excluding fees for providing managerial assistance) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the Management Fee, any expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee). In addition, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income shall include, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature such as market discount, original issue discount OID ), debt instruments with payment-in-kind PIK interest, preferred stock with PIK dividends and zero-coupon securities, accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. For avoidance of doubt, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 Examples of the quarterly incentive fee calculation are annexed to the Advisory Agreement. Such examples are included for illustrative purposes only and are not considered part of the Advisory Agreement. The fees payable under the Advisory Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. 
 Both the calculation of the Management Fee and the Income-Based Fee will be appropriately adjusted for any capital calls done by the Company during the quarter (based on the actual number of days elapsed relative to the total number of days in such calendar quarter). 
 For purposes of computing the Income-Based Fee and the Capital Gains Fee, the calculation methodology will look through derivative financial instruments or swaps as if the Company owned the reference assets directly, in the manner described above. With respect to the calculation of quarterly Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for purposes of calculating the Income-Based Fee, net interest, if any, associated with a derivative or swap (which is defined as the difference between (i) the interest income and transaction fees received in respect of the reference assets of the derivative or swap and (ii) all interest and other expenses paid by us to the derivative or swap counterparty) will be included in calculating the Income-Based Fee. The notional value of any such derivatives or swaps is not used for these purposes. With respect to the calculation of the Capital Gains Fee, realized gains and realized losses on the disposition of any reference assets, as well as unrealized depreciation on reference assets retained in the derivative or swap, will be included on a cumulative basis in calculating the Capital Gains Fee. 
 The following is a graphical representation of the quarterly calculation of the Incentive Fee: 

3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Administration Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator will furnish the Company with office facilities and equipment and provides clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other administrative services at such facilities. The Administrator will perform, or oversee the performance of, our required administrative services, which include, among other things, assisting the Company with the preparation of the financial records that the Company is required to maintain and with the preparation of reports to shareholders and reports filed with the SEC. The Administrator will also assist the Company in determining and publishing our net asset value NAV ), overseeing the preparation and filing of tax returns, printing and disseminating reports to shareholders and generally overseeing the payment of expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Company by others. At the request of the Adviser, the Administrator will also provide (or cause to be provided) managerial assistance on the Company s behalf to those portfolio companies that have accepted the Company s offer to provide such assistance. 
 The Board 
 The business and affairs of the Company are managed under the direction and oversight of the Board. The Board consists of four members, three of whom are Independent Directors. The Board appoints the officers, who serve at the discretion of the Board. The responsibilities of the Board include quarterly valuation of the Company s assets, corporate governance activities, oversight of the Company s operations, financing arrangements, investment activities, and risk management. 
 The Board reviews risk management processes at both regular and special board meetings throughout the year, consulting with appropriate representatives of the Adviser as necessary and periodically requesting the production of risk management reports or presentations. The goal of the Board s risk oversight function is to ensure that the risks associated with the Company s investment activities are accurately identified, thoroughly investigated and responsibly addressed. Investors should note, however, that the Board s oversight function cannot eliminate all risks or ensure that particular events do not adversely affect the value of the Company s investments. 
 The Board has established an Audit Committee, a Pricing Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 
 Employees 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees in the future. Services necessary for our business are provided by individuals who are employees of the Adviser or its affiliates, pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement. Our day-to-day investment operations are managed by the Adviser. The services necessary for the origination and administration of our investment portfolio will be provided by investment professionals employed by the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 Investment Strategy 
 Investment Objective 
 The Company s investment objective is to maximize dividend yields by investing in a broad range of portfolio companies, primarily investing in senior secured loans and notes where we believe the probability of losses are limited. The Advisor expects to execute this strategy by continuing its long history of leveraging its network to source and diligence what we believe to be attractive opportunities across a broad range of industries. The strategy will be executed by a team of experienced investment professionals who have more than a 20-year history of successfully deploying capital in both liquid and illiquid opportunities. The Company may invest in non-U.S. investments, convertible securities, structured investments (including junior and equity tranches) and real estate on a limited basis, if at all. 
 The portfolio will be comprised primarily of senior secured loans and notes sourced in both the private and more broadly syndicated markets. While the Company will focus primarily on investing in senior secured loans, it has a flexible mandate that allows it to invest across the capital structure, including, first and second lien debt, notes, bonds, preferred and mezzanine securities and, on a limited basis, equities. First-lien debt may include traditional first-lien senior secured loans or unitranche loans that combine the characteristics of traditional first lien senior secured loans with second lien and subordinated loans. Unitranche loans are often a potentially attractive way to mitigate downside risk because of their seniority in the capital structure, while potentially realizing higher returns by providing more leverage than would be typical for traditional first lien senior secured debt. 
 The Company will source opportunities by leveraging MSD s broad network and reputation. MSD invests across a wide range of industries and asset classes and has an extensive network that spans most industries. 
 The Company s strategy will be principally executed by the Adviser s credit team (the Credit Team ), led by senior investment professionals with an average of 25 years of experience in sourcing and investing, and 15 years working together as a team. The senior investment professionals of the Company have demonstrated investment expertise throughout the lifecycle of credit markets. As a consequence, the Company is well positioned to invest across a wide array of industries and opportunities. The team has a highly disciplined, fundamental, research-intensive approach to investing, where downside risk assessment is central to each investment decision. 
 Target Investment Criteria 
 The Company focuses on sourcing opportunities in businesses that tend to exhibit some or all of the following characteristics: 
 History of Predictable, Positive Free Cash Flow . We seek to invest in companies that have a multi-year history of positive free cash flow that can be identified from audited financial statements. We attempt to manage adjustments when evaluating the predictability of cashflow streams as we believe that history can be a strong indicator of future performance. 

Experienced Management Teams. We seek to invest in companies with management teams that have a successful history managing businesses in their respective industries. We perform reference checks on key members of management and frequently develop relationships with management teams that are helpful in allowing us to monitor performance and anticipate future financing needs. 

4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Flexible Cost Structure. In our experience, companies with flexible cost structures provide a higher degree of downside protection than those with a high degree of operational leverage. As a result, we look to invest in businesses where cost structures are more variable in nature. 

Defensive Industries . We seek to invest in companies in defensive industries that can succeed throughout economic environments. In instances where we have been exposed to more cyclical industries, we have focused on lower loan-to-value opportunities collateralized by hard assets or long-term contractual cash flows with high quality counterparties. 

Reasonable Leverage. We seek to invest in businesses whose owners and management teams are focused on reasonable leverage relative to both the asset value and cash flow generation in all operating environments, avoiding businesses whose business models and economics depend heavily on leverage. 

Regulatory certainty. We seek to invest in opportunities that exhibit a stable regulatory environment, and where changes in regulations are unlikely to materially impact the value of our collateral and cash flows of the business. 

Low competitive intensity. We have historically preferred investing in businesses in industries where competition is low, and barriers to entry are high, resulting in less price competition, the ability to pass through inflationary costs, and generally higher margins and return on assets. 

The industry composition of investments at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Aerospace Defense 

7.04 

2.99 

Automobile 

0.20 

0.52 

Beverage, Food Tobacco 

1.92 

Capital Equipment 

5.16 

Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 

3.91 

6.29 

Consumer goods: Non-durable 

5.47 

7.22 

Energy: Oil Gas 

7.03 

14.59 

Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 

9.01 

1.85 

High Tech Industries 

3.39 

Hotel, Gaming Leisure 

6.58 

2.36 

Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 

4.60 

6.69 

Media: Diversified Production 

9.21 

10.62 

Metals Mining 

0.32 

Retail 

2.33 

3.67 

Services: Business 

12.90 

10.85 

Services: Consumer 

16.62 

14.01 

Telecommunications 

2.14 

5.27 

Transportation: Consumer 

5.23 

Wholesale 

2.17 

7.84 

Total 

100.00 

100.00 

Target Portfolio Characteristics 
 The Company aims to construct a unique and diversified portfolio comprised of senior secured loans, which may include covenant-lite loans (as defined below), to deliver high current yield with a compelling risk-reward profile. The portfolio may deviate from these long-term portfolio targets at various points in time due to market conditions and available investment opportunities. 
 Leverage of AUM 

Mix of liquid and private loans 

5 gross exposure individual investment limit 

>80 senior secured and unitranche loans 

>80 floating rate loans 

Debt maturities generally ranging from 3 to 8 years 

There are no restrictions on the credit quality of the investments that the Company may make. Securities in which the Company may invest may be deemed by rating companies to have substantial vulnerability to default in payment of interest and/or principal. Other securities may be unrated. Lower-rated and unrated securities in which the Company may invest have large uncertainties or major risk exposures to adverse conditions, and are considered to be predominantly speculative. Generally, such securities offer a higher return potential than higher-rated securities, but involve greater volatility of price and greater risk of loss of income and principal. 
 Types of Principal Investments 
 First Lien Senior Secured Loans. These loans are generally the most senior financing in the capital structure, supported by first-priority liens on all or substantially all of the Portfolio Company s collateral. First lien senior secured loans generally allow the borrower to defer the majority of principal repayments 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 to the end of the loan term, and as a result there is a risk of loss if the borrower is unable to pay the lump sum or refinance the principal amount owed at maturity. In some instances we may structure these loans to provide for loan amortization of varying amounts over the loan term, excess cash flow sweeps, and sweeps on proceeds from asset sales. 
 Unitranche Loans. These loans are also generally characterized by being the most senior financing in the capital structure, supported by first-priority liens on all or substantially all of the Portfolio Company s collateral. These loans differ from First Lien Senior Secured Loans in that they generally provide incremental proceeds to the borrower (beyond what a typical First Lien Senior Secured Loan would provide). In return, lenders generally receive a higher return on these loans. Unitranche loans generally allow the borrower to defer the majority of principal repayments to the end of the loan term, and as a result there is a risk of loss if the borrower is unable to pay the lump sum or refinance the principal amount owed at maturity. In some instances, we may structure these loans to provide for loan amortization of varying amounts over the loan term, excess cash flow sweeps, and sweeps on proceeds from asset sales. 
 Second Lien Loans. These loans are generally characterized by a second-out position in the capital structure, supported by second-priority liens on all or substantially all of the Portfolio Company s collateral. Once all first lien loans have been repaid, remaining proceeds generally accrue to paying back the second lien loans before repayment of any other liabilities. 
 Preferred Investments. In a limited number of cases, the Company may make preferred investments in Portfolio Companies where we believe there is attractive downside protection relative to the opportunity to achieve higher rates of return. Returns may come in the form of a fixed rate of interest, or in the form of capital appreciation through a conversion feature. These investments are typically structured in a senior position to common equity and may impose restrictions on the Portfolio Company meant to protect our downside. 
 Equity Investments. In a limited number of cases, the Company may make equity investments in Portfolio Companies where we believe the potential returns are attractive and there is significant potential to enhance the overall yield to our investors. 
 The composition of the Company s investment portfolio at amortized cost and fair value as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Investments at Fair Value 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Investments at Fair Value 

First lien debt 

774,611 

748,545 

76.25 

484,704 

486,044 

70.20 

Second lien debt 

227,937 

210,926 

21.48 

144,892 

145,396 

21.00 

Unsecured debt 

0.00 

36,093 

36,220 

5.23 

Preferred equity 

28,519 

22,267 

2.27 

25,043 

24,697 

3.57 

Total investments 

1,031,067 

981,738 

100.00 

690,732 

692,357 

100.00 

MSD Advantage 
 We believe the Company is uniquely positioned to generate compelling risk-adjust returns in its target market for the following reasons: 
 MSD s Broad Integrated Platform. MSD has built a strong reputation and established itself as a leading investor in credit, real estate equity, private equity and growth equity. MSD s investment teams operate on an integrated platform and are able to work closely together and consistently share ideas. This allows the Credit Team to leverage MSD s network and knowledge base to pursue attractive investment opportunities and diligence a wide range of industries and companies. Additionally, the MSD investment teams are supported by an established infrastructure of legal, accounting, tax, IT, human capital and fundraising professionals. MSD considers its legal transactional team to be a unique differentiator in deal structuring and diligence. 

Credit Team s Extensive Experience. The leadership of the Credit Team been making direct investments in credit since 2002 and therefore has experience through cycles and across credit markets. The Credit Team is comprised of experienced professionals: the four portfolio managers average 25 years of industry experience and are supported by a team of 17 professionals averaging 12 years of industry experience. Additionally, the team is purposely made up of individuals with diverse investment backgrounds (private equity, venture capital, legal, accounting, consulting, etc.), which helps build a fulsome understanding of investment opportunities and risks. 

Reputation as a Solutions Provider . The leadership of the Credit Team has been providing loans for over 20 years and through its history has built long-standing relationships with borrowers, advisors and management teams. MSD has built a reputation for providing creative solutions to efficiently meet the financing requirements of borrowers. As a result, borrowers often seek out MSD and think of it as a competitive advantage to have MSD in their capital structure over other lenders. 

Value-Add to our Partners. The Credit Team is actively involved with its borrowers and is known for being a constructive partner who can use its extensive network to recruit best-in-class board members, management and operators. We are not just a capital provider, we are a long-term partner. 

Unique Sourcing Capabilities. MSD is able to source unique investment opportunities resulting from MSD s strong brand and network, the Credit Team s longstanding experience and expertise, and our reputation for being a solutions provider and partner. In the private credit markets we have sourced attractive opportunities because our unique capital base and constructive approach make us a desirable long-term partner. Similarly, in the liquid credit markets we leverage our vast network and knowledge base to uncover attractive opportunities across sectors and win substantial allocations. 

6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Investment Process 
 Origination / Pre-Screen. The Credit Team will source opportunities through the team and MSD s network of relationships with companies, brokers, and private equity firms. We believe these relationships and the brand that MSD has built enables us to maximize deal flow, engage in a highly selective investment process, and provide the Company the opportunity to construct a well- diversified portfolio. In this stage, we screen for opportunities that fit our Target Investment Criteria. The process begins with the investment team reviewing offering memorandum and other high-level information. The team leverages its existing knowledge base, and works with other MSD investment teams (e.g., private equity, real estate, growth equity, etc.) to understand work that has previously been performed in evaluating similar businesses or the relevant industry. In this stage, the team also discusses high level economic terms and structure. The process concludes with a discussion among the team to decide whether to proceed with the opportunity. If the decision is made to pursue the opportunity, our team will begin evaluating the credit in detail. 
 Credit Evaluation. Once the decision has been made to move forward with an investment opportunity, a team of investment professionals will begin the formal due diligence process. This may include signing a confidentiality agreement or non-disclosure agreement to gain access to relevant financial and operational data for the underlying company. The investment team, which is generally composed of a Portfolio Manager, and two other team members (the Investment Team ), may attend meetings or phone calls with the prospective company s management team, review historical audits, review forecasted financials information and third-party diligence reports, conduct independent research, engage experts in the relevant industry, and perform an analysis of base case and downside scenarios. The team also contacts MSD s legal department to discuss the transaction, and gain insight into key issues that might be relevant in evaluating the credit and negotiating the terms. Throughout this process, the Investment Team and the portfolio managers communicate on a regular basis to discuss any diligence findings that materially alter the initial thesis. If we do not find a material issue in our underwriting process, and we are selected by the counterparty, we will move to the documentation stage. 
 Documentation. Once we move to definitive documentation, we engage our internal team of lawyers who along with select third-party counsel with relevant sector expertise work closely with the deal team to ensure that the documents reflect the Company s agreement with the borrower. 
 Investment Monitoring. Once an investment has closed, the team that completed the underwriting will generally remain in charge of monitoring the investment. We take an active approach to monitoring all of our investments, including quarterly calls with management, updating internal financial and operational performance tracking, and evaluating comparable companies performance to benchmark the performance of our underlying portfolio companies. We hold weekly meetings with the Credit Team to discuss our portfolio companies, and we hold weekly meetings with the entire firm where we discuss macroeconomic news that may impact our individual portfolio companies. 
 Exit Strategies / Refinancing. While we generally expect to exit most investments through the refinancing or repayment of our debt, we may also engage in secondary market sales of investments. 
 Risk Ratings 
 We monitor the operational and financial trends of our portfolio companies on at least a quarterly basis. We attempt to identify any developments in the underlying company or industry that may alter any material element of our original investment thesis. We discuss each position at least once quarterly to ensure the Investment Team, and the portfolio managers, are apprised of any material developments and to determine any required portfolio management actions. 
 We utilize an investment rating system to monitor the credit profile of our underlying portfolio companies. We use a five-level ratings scale to classify individual investments. 
 Investment Rating 1 Investment is performing materially above expectations; 

Investment Rating 2 Investment is performing above expectations; 

Investment Rating 3 Investment is performing materially with expectations. All new loans received a rating of 3 at initial investment; 

Investment Rating 4 Investment is performing materially below expectations. Investments with a rating of 4 receive more frequent attention from our team as the risks of impairment have increased substantially since investment. Loss of principal is not expected, however there may be lost interest; and 

Investment Rating 5 Investment is performing materially below expectations and there is a high probability of impairment. Loss of principal and interest is probable. 

The following table shows the investment rankings of the debt investments in our portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 

As of December 31, 2022 

Risk Rating 
 
 Fair Value 

of Portfolio 

# of Investments 

1 

0.0 

2 

116,109 

11.8 

7 

3 

859,792 

87.6 

44 

4 

5,837 

0.6 

2 

5 

0.0 

981,738 

100.0 

53 

Emerging Growth Company 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act and we are eligible to take advantage of certain specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). We expect to remain 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 an emerging growth company for up to five years following the completion of our initial public offering IPO or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues equals or exceeds 1.235 billion, (ii) December 31 of the fiscal year that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the 1934 Act which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter and we have been publicly reporting for at least 12 months or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the preceding three-year period. In addition, we will take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the 1933 Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 
 The Private Offering 
 Pursuant to a private offering, we are offering shares of our common stock to accredited investors as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Act in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act (the Private Offering ). There will be no limit on the number of shares or the amount of capital raised in connection with the Private Offering. Each investor will make a capital commitment to purchase shares of our common stock pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with us. At each closing in the Private Offering, investors will be required to purchase additional shares up to the amount of their respective unfunded capital commitments. As discussed above, the Initial Closing Date of the Private Offering occurred during the fourth quarter of 2021. Subsequent Closings are expected to occur from time to time as determined by the Company. 
 Regulation as a Business Development Company 
 The following discussion is a general summary of the material prohibitions and descriptions governing BDCs generally. It does not purport to be a complete description of all of the laws and regulations affecting BDCs. 
 Qualifying Assets. Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to the Company s business are any of the following: 
 1. Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

a. is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

b. is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

c. satisfies any of the following: 

i. does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 

ii. has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250 million; 

iii. is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 

iv. is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million; 

2. Securities of any eligible portfolio company controlled by the Company; 

3. Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements; 

4. Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and the Company already owns 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company; 

5. Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities; or 

6. Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

a. In addition, a BDC must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. 

8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Significant Managerial Assistance. A BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described above. A BDC must also offer to make available to the issuer of the qualifying assets significant managerial assistance; except that, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company through monitoring of portfolio company operations, selective participation in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising a portfolio company s officers or other organizational or financial guidance. The Administrator or its affiliate provides such services on our behalf to portfolio companies that accept our offer of managerial assistance. 
 Temporary Investments. Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, the Company s investments can consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which are referred to herein, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of the Company s assets would be qualifying assets. 
 Issuance of Warrants, Options or Rights. Under the 1940 Act, a BDC is subject to restrictions on the issuance, terms and amount of warrants, options or rights to purchase shares of stock that it may have outstanding at any time. In particular, the amount of shares that would result from the conversion or exercise of all outstanding warrants, options or rights to purchase shares cannot exceed 25 of the BDC s total outstanding shares. 
 Senior Securities; Asset Coverage Ratio. The Company is generally permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our Shares if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 (i.e., we can borrow 2 for every 1 of equity), if certain requirements are met. In connection with the organization of the Company, the Board and the Company s initial shareholder authorized the Company to adopt the 150 Asset Coverage Ratio. 
 In addition, while certain types of senior securities remain outstanding, the Company will be required to make provisions to prohibit the payment of any dividend distribution to our shareholders or the repurchase of such shares unless we meet the applicable Asset Coverage Ratio at the time of the dividend distribution or repurchase. The Company will also be permitted to borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary purposes, which borrowings would not be considered senior securities. The Company s borrowings, whether for temporary purposes or otherwise, are subject to the asset coverage requirements of section 61(a)(1) of the 1940 Act. 
 Code of Ethics . The Company and the Adviser are each subject to a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions by the Company s officers and the Adviser s employees. The Company has also adopted a separate code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions by the Company s independent directors. Individuals subject to these codes are permitted to invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by the Company, so long as such investments are made in accordance with such code s requirements. You may obtain copies of these codes of ethics by e-mailing our Adviser at legal compliance@msdpartners.com, or by writing to our Adviser at Investor Relations investorrelations@msdpartners.com . The code of ethics is also available on the EDGAR database on the SEC s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov . You may also obtain copies of the code of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following email address: publicinfo@sec.gov. 
 Affiliated Transactions. The Company may be prohibited under the 1940 Act from conducting certain transactions with its affiliates without the prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, the prior approval of the SEC. 
 The Company expects to co-invest on a concurrent basis with other affiliates of the Company and the Adviser, unless doing so would be impermissible under existing regulatory guidance, applicable regulations, the terms of any exemptive relief granted to the Company and its affiliates, and the allocation procedures of MSD. On February 16, 2022, the Adviser, the Company, and certain other funds and accounts sponsored or managed by the Adviser and/or its affiliates were granted an order (the Order ), which was amended on August 31, 2022, that permits the Company to co-invest in portfolio companies with certain funds and entities managed by the Adviser or its affiliates in certain negotiated transactions where co-investing would otherwise be prohibited under the 1940 Act, subject to the conditions of the Order. The Company believes that the ability to co-invest with similar investment structures and accounts sponsored or managed by the Adviser and its affiliates will provide additional investment opportunities and the ability to achieve greater diversification. Pursuant to the Order, we are permitted to co-invest with our affiliates if a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our directors who are not interested persons (as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of the Company make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including, but not limited to, that (1) the terms of the potential co-investment transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our shareholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of us or our shareholders on the part of any person concerned, and (2) the potential co-investment transaction is consistent with the interests of our shareholders and is consistent with our then-current investment objective and strategies. The Board will regularly review the allocation policy of MSD. 
 Other. The Company will be periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act, and be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the 1934 Act. 
 The Company is also required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to insure against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, the Company is prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to shareholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 The Company is also required to designate a chief compliance officer and to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws and to review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. 
 The Company is not permitted to change the nature of its business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of its outstanding voting securities. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (i) 67 or more of such company s shares present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding shares of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (ii) more than 50 of the outstanding shares of such company. 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedure 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to the Adviser. A summary of the Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of our adviser are set forth below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by the Adviser and our non-interested directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, the Adviser has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, it recognizes that it must vote securities held by its clients in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest. These policies and procedures for voting proxies for investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 The Adviser votes proxies relating to our portfolio securities in the best interest of Shareholders. The Adviser reviews on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted for a proxy vote to determine its impact on our investments. Although it generally votes against proposals that may have a negative impact on our investments, it may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. The proxy voting decisions of the Adviser are made by the senior investment professionals who are responsible for monitoring each of our investments. To ensure that our vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, it requires that: (i) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose to a managing member of the Adviser any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (ii) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how we intend to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 You may obtain information about how we voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: MSD Investment Corp., One Vanderbilt Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, NY 10022-5910. 
 Privacy Policy 
 We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our Shareholders and to safeguarding their non-public personal information. The following information is provided to help you understand what personal information we may have access to, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties. 
 Generally, we do not receive any non-public personal information relating to our Shareholders, although certain non-public personal information of our Shareholders may become available to us. We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our Shareholders or former shareholders to anyone, except as permitted by law or as is necessary in order to service Shareholder accounts (for example, through a transfer agent or third-party administrator). 
 We restrict access to non-public personal information about our Shareholders to employees of our investment adviser and its affiliates with a legitimate business need for the information. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the non-public personal information of our Shareholders. 
 Reporting Obligations 
 We will furnish our Shareholders with annual reports containing audited financial statements, quarterly reports, and such other periodic reports as we determine to be appropriate or as may be required by law. We are filing this Registration Statement with the SEC voluntarily with the intention of establishing the Company as a reporting company under the Exchange Act. Upon the effectiveness of this Registration Statement, we will be required to comply with all periodic reporting, proxy solicitation and other applicable requirements under the Exchange Act. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed electronically by us with the SEC, which are available on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . Copies of these reports, proxy and information statements and other information may be obtained, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following e-mail address: publicinfo@sec.gov 
 Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company 
 We have elected, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, to be treated as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any net ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our shareholders as dividends. Rather, dividends distributed by us generally will be taxable to our shareholders, and any net operating losses, foreign tax credits and other tax attributes of ours generally will not pass through to our shareholders, subject to certain exceptions and special rules for certain items such as net capital gains and qualified dividend income recognized by us. 
 To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to be eligible to be taxed as a RIC, we must timely distribute to our shareholders, for each taxable year, at least 90.0 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). The following discussion assumes that we qualify as a RIC and have satisfied the Annual Distribution Requirement. 
 If the Company: 
 qualifies as a RIC; and 

satisfies the Annual Distribution Requirement, 

then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our income that is timely distributed (or is deemed to be timely distributed) to our shareholders. If we fail to qualify as a RIC, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates on our income and capital gains not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our shareholders. 
 We will be subject to a 4.0 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98.0 of our net ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any ordinary income and net capital gain that we recognized in preceding years, but were not distributed during such years and on which we did not pay U.S. federal income tax (the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement ). While we intend to make distributions to our shareholders in each taxable year that will be sufficient to avoid any U.S. federal excise tax on our earnings, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in entirely avoiding this tax. 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 continue to qualify as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 

derive in each taxable year at least 90.0 of gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to loans of certain securities, gains from the sale or other taxable disposition of stock or other securities or foreign currencies, net income from certain qualified publicly traded partnerships, or other income derived with respect to the business of investing in such stock or securities the 90 Income Test ); and 

diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 

o at least 50.0 of the value of its assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5.0 of the value of its assets or more than 10.0 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 

o no more than 25.0 of the value of its assets is invested in (i) the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, (ii) securities, other than securities of other RICs, of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or (iii) the securities of certain qualified publicly traded partnerships (the Diversification Tests ). 

For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company may be required to include in our taxable income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash. For example, if the Company holds debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with PIK interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), it must include in its taxable income in each year the portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by the Company in the same taxable year. The Company may also have to include in its taxable income other amounts that it has not yet received in cash, such as accruals on a contingent payment debt instrument or deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock. Because original issue discount or other amounts accrued will be included in the Company s investment company taxable income for the year of accrual and before the Company receives any corresponding cash payments, it may be required to make a distribution to shareholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though it would not have received any corresponding cash payment. 
 Accordingly, to enable us to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, we may need to sell some of our assets at times and/or at prices that we would not consider advantageous, we may need to raise additional equity or debt capital or we may need to forego new investment opportunities or otherwise take actions that are disadvantageous to our business (or be unable to take actions that are advantageous to our business). If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources to enable us to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, we may fail to qualify for the U.S. federal income tax benefits allowable to RICs and, thus, become subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates (and any applicable state and local taxes). 
 We may be prevented by financial covenants contained in our debt financing agreements, if any, from making distributions to our Shareholders. In addition, under the 1940 Act, we are generally not permitted to make distributions to our Shareholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. Limits on distributions to our Shareholders may prevent us from satisfying the Annual Distribution Requirement and, therefore, may jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a RIC or subject us to the 4.0 U.S. federal excise tax. 
 Although the Company does not presently expect to do so, we may borrow funds and sell assets in order to make distributions to our shareholders that are sufficient for us to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement. However, the Company s ability to dispose of assets may be limited by (i) the illiquid nature of its portfolio and/or (ii) other requirements relating to its status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If the Company disposes of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, it may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. If the Company is unable to obtain cash from other sources to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, it may fail to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC and become subject to tax as an ordinary corporation. 
 Certain of the Company s investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things: (i) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions; (ii) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income; (iii) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited); (iv) cause the Company to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash; (v) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of securities is deemed to occur; (vi) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions; and (vii) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test described above. The Company will monitor its transactions and may make certain tax decisions in order to mitigate the potential adverse effect of these provisions. 
 A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses in excess of its investment company taxable income (which is, generally, ordinary income plus the excess of net short-term capital gains over net long-term capital losses). If Company expenses in a given year exceed investment company taxable income, the Company would experience a net operating loss for that year. However, a RIC is not permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent years. In addition, expenses can be used only to offset investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. Due to these limits on the deductibility of expenses, the Company may, for tax purposes, have aggregate taxable income for several years that it is required to distribute and that is taxable to shareholders even if such income is greater than the aggregate net income it actually earned during those years. Such required distributions may be made from cash assets or by liquidation of investments, if necessary. The Company may realize gains or losses from such liquidations. In the event the Company realizes net capital gains from such transactions, a shareholder may receive a larger capital gain distribution than it would have received in the absence of such transactions. 
 Failure to Qualify as a RIC 
 If we fail to qualify for treatment as a RIC, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates (and also will be subject to any applicable state and local taxes), regardless of whether we make any distributions to our shareholders. If we have qualified as RIC and then we subsequently fail to satisfy the 90 Income Test or the Diversification Tests for any taxable year or quarter of such taxable year, we may nevertheless continue to qualify as a RIC for such year if certain relief provisions of the Code apply (which may, among other things, require us to pay certain U.S. federal income taxes at corporate rates or to dispose of certain assets). If we fail to qualify for treatment as a RIC and such relief provisions do not apply to us, we will be subject 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 to U.S. federal income tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates (and also will be subject to any applicable state and local taxes), regardless of whether we make any distributions to our shareholders. In any taxable year that we do not qualify as a RIC, distributions would not be required and, if distributions were made, any such distributions would be taxable to our shareholders as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, any such distributions would be eligible for the 20.0 maximum rate applicable to non-corporate taxpayers, and corporate distributees would be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the shareholder s adjusted tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. The term return of capital merely means distributions in excess of our earnings and as such may constitute a return on an investor's individual investments and does not mean a return on capital. 
 Subject to a limited exception applicable to RICs that qualified as such under Subchapter M of the Code for at least one year prior to disqualification and that requalify as a RIC no later than the second year following the non-qualifying year, we could be subject to tax on any unrealized net built-in gains in the assets held by us during the period in which we failed to qualify as a RIC that are recognized during the five-year period after our requalification as a RIC, unless we made a special election to pay U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on such built-in gain at the time of our qualification or requalification as a RIC. 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Investing in our common stock involves significant risks. An investor should consider, among other factors, the risk factors set forth below, which are subject to (or, if applicable, modified by) the requirements and obligations described in the Subscription Agreement before making a decision to purchase our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or not presently deemed material by us may also impair our operations and performance. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Summary of Principal Risk Factors 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that you should carefully consider before investing in our securities. 
 We are subject to risks related to our business and structure, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 We have a limited operating history as a BDC. 

Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on our Adviser s ability to manage and support our investment process. If our Adviser were to lose a significant number of its key professionals, or terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed. 

We borrow money, which magnifies the potential for gain or loss and may increase the risk of investing in us. 

Defaults under our current borrowings or any future borrowing facility or notes may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, including the current rising interest rate environment. 

The requirement that we invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets could preclude us from investing in accordance with our current business strategy; conversely, the failure to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets could result in our failure to maintain our status as a BDC. 

Regulations governing our ownership of loans, as well as uncertainty surrounding such regulation, may affect our ability to invest efficiently, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 

We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility. 

We are subject to litigation risk associated with our business operations. 

We are subject to risks related to an investment in our Shares, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 A shareholder s interest in us will be diluted if we issue additional shares, which could reduce the overall value of an investment in us. 

Certain provisions of our charter and actions of our Board could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact on the value of shares of our common stock. 

Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. 

We are subject to risks related to our investments, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 Our investments in portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or part of our investments. 

Our investment portfolio is recorded at fair value as determined in good faith in accordance with procedures established by our Board and, as a result, there is and will be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 

A lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect us. 

Inflation may adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of our portfolio companies. 

Defaults by our portfolio companies could jeopardize a portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt or equity investments that we hold, which could harm our operating results. 

12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We generally will not control the business operations of our portfolio companies and, due to the illiquid nature of our holdings in our portfolio companies, we may not be able to dispose of our interest in our portfolio companies. 

International investments create additional risks. 

Our portfolio may be focused on a limited number of portfolio companies or industries, which will subject us to a risk of significant loss if any of these companies defaults on its obligations under any of its debt instruments or if there is a downturn in a particular industry. 

We are subject to risks related to the economy, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused severe disruptions in the U.S. economy and has disrupted financial activity in the areas in which we or our portfolio companies operate. 

Political, social and economic uncertainty, including uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic, may create and/or exacerbate risks. 

Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. 

We are subject to risks related to our Adviser and its affiliates, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 The Adviser and its affiliates may face conflicts of interest, which could result in increased risk-taking by us. 

Our fee structure may create incentives for our Adviser to make speculative investments or use substantial leverage. 

We may compete for capital and investment opportunities with other entities managed by our Adviser or its affiliates, subjecting our Adviser to certain conflicts of interest. 

Because our business model depends to a significant extent upon our Adviser s relationships with corporations, financial institutions and investment firms, the inability of our Adviser to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. 

We may be obligated to pay our Adviser incentive fees even if we incur a net loss due to a decline in the value of our portfolio and even if our earned interest income is not payable in cash. 

Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted. 

We are subject to risks related to U.S. federal income tax including, but not limited to, the following: 
 We will be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax if we are unable to maintain qualification as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 

We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before, or without, receiving cash representing such income. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Structure 
 We have a limited operating history as a BDC. 
 We commenced operations as a private fund on February 18, 2021, and elected to be treated as a BDC on December 29, 2021. Accordingly, we have a limited operating history as a BDC and have and will continue to rely upon the investment experience of the personnel of our Adviser for our success. There can be no assurance that we will achieve the results achieved by firms with similar strategies managed by MSD or its affiliates. Past performance should not be relied upon as an indication of future results. Moreover, we are subject to all of the business risks and uncertainties associated with any new business, including the risk that we will not achieve our investment objectives and that the value of an investor s investment could decline substantially, or that the investor will suffer a complete loss of its investment in us. 
 The Adviser and the members of the management team have no prior experience managing a BDC, and the investment philosophy and techniques used by the Adviser to manage a BDC may differ from the investment philosophy and techniques previously employed by the Adviser, its affiliates, and the members of the management team in identifying and managing past investments. In addition, the 1940 Act and the Code impose numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs and RICs that do not apply to the other types of investment vehicles. For example, under the 1940 Act, BDCs are required to invest at least 70 of their total assets primarily in securities of qualifying U.S. private companies or thinly traded public companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less from the time of investment. The Adviser s and the members of the management team s limited experience in managing a portfolio of assets under such constraints may hinder their respective ability to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and, as a result, achieve our investment objectives. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on our Adviser s ability to manage and support our investment process. If our Adviser were to lose a significant number of its key professionals, fail to attract or retain talent, or terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed. 
 We do not have any employees, and we have no internal management capacity other than our appointed executive officers. Accordingly, we are dependent upon the investment expertise, skill and network of business contacts of our Adviser to actively manage our investment portfolio and to achieve our investment objective. Our Adviser will evaluate, negotiate, execute, monitor, and service our investments. Our success will depend to a significant extent on the continued service and coordination of our Adviser, including its key professionals, to identify, analyze, invest in, finance, and monitor companies that meet our investment criteria. Our Adviser s capabilities in structuring the investment process, and providing competent, attentive and efficient services to us depend on the involvement of investment professionals of adequate number and sophistication to match the corresponding flow of transactions. To achieve our investment objective, our Adviser may need to retain, hire, train, supervise, and manage new investment professionals to participate in our investment selection and monitoring process. Our Adviser may not be able to find qualified investment professionals in a timely manner or at all. Any failure to do so could have a material 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The departure of a significant number of key professionals from our Adviser could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objective. 
 In addition to the above dependencies, the Adviser s investment professionals are actively involved in managing the investment decisions of other funds, as well as investment decisions of other clients of MSD. Accordingly, these investment professionals will have demands on their time for the investment, monitoring and other functions of other funds and other clients advised by the Adviser. See Risks Related to our Adviser and its Affiliates -- We may compete for capital and investment opportunities with other entities managed by our Adviser or its affiliates, subjecting our Adviser to certain conflicts of interest. There can be no assurance that the Adviser s investment professionals will continue to be associated with the Adviser throughout our life, and the failure to attract or retain such investment professionals could have a material adverse effect on us and our Shareholders, including, for example, by limiting the Adviser s ability to pursue particular investment strategies discussed herein. Competition in the financial services industry for qualified employees is intense, and there is no guarantee that the talents of the Adviser s investment professionals could be replaced. Our continued ability to effectively manage our portfolio depends on the Adviser s ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. 
 We rely on a substantial number of personnel of MSD, counterparties and other service providers. Accordingly, risks associated with errors of such personnel are inherent in our business and operations. Further, misconduct by such personnel could cause significant losses. MSD employee misconduct may include binding us to transactions that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks and unauthorized trading activities or concealing unsuccessful trading activities (which, in either case, may result in unknown and unmanaged risks or losses). Losses could also result from misconduct by such personnel, including, without limitation, failing to recognize trades and misappropriating assets. In addition, such personnel may improperly use or disclose confidential information. Any misconduct by such personnel could result in litigation or serious financial harm to us, including limiting our business prospects or our future marketing activities. Although the Adviser and its affiliates will adopt measures to prevent and detect employee misconduct and to transact with reliable counterparties and third party providers, such measures may not be effective in all cases. 
 Finally, the Investment Advisory Agreement has a termination provision that allows the agreement to be terminated by us on 60 days notice, without penalty, by the vote of a majority of our Board of directors. Furthermore, the Investment Advisory Agreement automatically terminates in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act, by the Adviser. If the Adviser resigns or is terminated, or if we do not obtain the requisite approvals of shareholders and our Board to approve an agreement with the Adviser after an assignment, we may not be able to find a new investment adviser or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms prior to the termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, or at all. If we are unable to do so quickly, our operations are likely to experience a disruption and costs under any new agreements that we enter into could increase. Our financial condition, business and results of operations, as well as our ability to meet our payment obligations under our indebtedness and pay distributions, are likely to be adversely affected, and the value of our common stock may decline. 
 We borrow money, which magnifies the potential for gain or loss and may increase the risk of investing in us. 
 The use of leverage magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested. The use of leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique and increases the risks associated with investing in our securities. However, we have in the future intend to borrow from, and may in the future issue debt securities to, banks, insurance companies and other lenders. Lenders of these funds will have fixed dollar claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of common Shareholders, and we would expect such lenders to seek recovery against its assets in the event of a default. We may pledge up to 100 of our assets and may grant a security interest in all of our assets under the terms of any debt instruments we may enter into with lenders. In addition, under the terms of a Credit Facility and any borrowing facility or other debt instrument that we may enter into, we are likely to be required to use the net proceeds of any investments that we sell to repay a portion of the amount borrowed under such facility or instrument before applying such net proceeds to any other uses. If the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause NAV to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged, thereby magnifying losses or eliminating our stake in a leveraged investment. Similarly, any decrease in our revenue or income will cause our net income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline would also negatively affect our ability to make dividend payments on its common stock or preferred stock. Our ability to service any debt will depend largely on its financial performance and will be subject to prevailing economic conditions and competitive pressures. 
 We are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total borrowings and other senior securities of at least 150 . As a BDC, we are generally required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total borrowings and other senior securities, which include all of our borrowings and any preferred stock that it may issue in the future, of at least 200 . If this ratio declines below 150 , we will not be able to incur additional debt and could be required to sell a portion of our investments to repay some debt when it is otherwise disadvantageous to do so. This could have a material adverse effect on our operations, and we may not be able to make distributions. The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on the Adviser s and the Board s assessment of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. We cannot ensure that we will be able to obtain credit at all or on terms acceptable to us. 
 Finally, a Credit Facility will, and any future debt facilities may, impose financial and operating covenants that restrict our business activities, including limitations that hinder our ability to finance additional loans and investments or to make the distributions required to maintain our qualification as a RIC under the Code. 
 Defaults under our current borrowings or any future borrowing facility or notes may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The Company intends to enter into one or more Credit Facilities following the completion of this offering. The closing of a Credit Facility is contingent on a number of conditions including, without limitation, the closing of this offering and the negotiation and execution of definitive documents relating to such Credit Facility. If the Company is successful in securing a Credit Facility, the Company intends to use borrowings under such Credit Facility to make additional investments and for other general corporate purposes. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to close a Credit Facility or obtain other financing. 
 In the event the Company defaults under a Credit Facility or any other future borrowing facility, the Company s business could be adversely affected as the Company may be forced to sell a portion of its investments quickly and prematurely at what may be disadvantageous prices in order to meet outstanding payment obligations and/or support working capital requirements under such Credit Facility or such future borrowing facility, any of which would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, following any such default, the agent for the lenders under the relevant Credit Facility or such future borrowing facility could assume control of the disposition of any or all of the Company s assets, including 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 the selection of such assets to be disposed and the timing of such disposition, which would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As part of certain Credit Facilities, the right to make capital calls of Shareholders may be pledged as collateral to the lender, which will be able to call for capital contributions upon the occurrence of an event of default under such Credit Facility. To the extent such an event of default does occur, Shareholders could therefore be required to fund any shortfall up to their remaining capital commitments, without regard to the underlying value of their investment. 
 We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, including the decommissioning of LIBOR and the implementation of alternatives to LIBOR, such as SOFR. 
 Because we may borrow money to make investments, our net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. A reduction in the interest rates on new investments relative to interest rates on current investments could have an adverse impact on our net investment income. However, an increase in interest rates could decrease the value of any investments we hold which earn fixed interest rates and also could increase our interest expense, thereby decreasing our net income. Also, an increase in interest rates available to investors could make an investment in our common stock less attractive if we are not able to increase our distribution rate, which could reduce the value of our common stock. Further, rising interest rates could also adversely affect our performance if such increases cause our borrowing costs to rise at a rate in excess of the rate that our investments yield. 
 In 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve began raising short-term interest rates and is expected to further increase the federal funds rate in 2023. In periods of rising interest rates, to the extent we borrow money subject to a floating interest rate, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income. Further, rising interest rates could also adversely affect our performance if we hold investments with floating interest rates, subject to specified minimum interest rates (such as a LIBOR floor), while at the same time engaging in borrowings subject to floating interest rates not subject to such minimums. In such a scenario, rising interest rates may increase our interest expense, even though our interest income from investments is not increasing in a corresponding manner as a result of such minimum interest rates. 
 If general interest rates rise, there is a risk that the portfolio companies in which we hold floating rate securities will be unable to pay escalating interest amounts, which could result in a default under their loan documents with us. Rising interest rates could also cause portfolio companies to shift cash from other productive uses to the payment of interest, which may have a material adverse effect on their business and operations and could, over time, lead to increased defaults. In addition, rising interest rates may increase pressure on us to provide fixed rate loans to our portfolio companies, which could adversely affect our net investment income, as increases in our cost of borrowed funds would not be accompanied by increased interest income from such fixed-rate investments. 
 The elimination of LIBOR or any other changes or reforms to the determination or supervision of LIBOR could have an adverse impact on the market for or value of any LIBOR-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us or on our overall financial condition or results of operations. In addition, while the majority of our portfolio company debt investments are based on the Prime rate and not LIBOR, in connection with the cessation of LIBOR, we may need to renegotiate credit agreements extending beyond 2021 with our portfolio companies that utilize LIBOR, if any, to provide for an alternative reference rate, to the extent they do not already provide for as much upon the cessation of LIBOR, which may have an adverse effect on our overall financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, our borrowings under the KeyBank Credit Facility generally bear interest at a rate related to LIBOR, but its terms provide for the replacement of LIBOR with SOFR no later than July 1, 2023 or the date that the FCA permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide LIBOR rates, if earlier. In addition, the transition from LIBOR to SOFR or other alternative reference rates may also introduce operational risks in our accounting, financial reporting, loan servicing, liability management and other aspects of our business. 
 In December 2022, the FASB issued an update to Topic 848 - officially pushing back the sunset date for LIBOR transition from December 31, 2022, to December 31, 2024. The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, has recommended replacing U.S.-dollar LIBOR with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, an index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities. It is unknown whether a SOFR reference rate will attain market acceptance as a replacement for LIBOR. We are assessing the impact of a transition from LIBOR; however, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact of the transition at this time. 
 The requirement that we invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets could preclude us from investing in accordance with our current business strategy; conversely, the failure to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets could result in our failure to maintain our status as a BDC. 
 As a BDC, we may not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets. We believe that most of the investments that we may acquire in the future will constitute qualifying assets. However, we may be precluded from investing in what we believe are attractive investments if such investments are not qualifying assets for purposes of the 1940 Act. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could violate the 1940 Act provisions applicable to BDCs. As a result of such violation, specific rules under the 1940 Act could prevent us, for example, from making follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies which could result in the dilution of our position or could require us to dispose of investments at inappropriate times in order to come into compliance with the 1940 Act. If we need to dispose of investments quickly, it could be difficult to dispose of such investments on favorable terms. We may not be able to find a buyer for such investments and, even if we do find a buyer, we may have to sell the investments at a substantial loss. Any such outcomes would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Regulations governing our operation as a BDC and RIC affect our ability to raise capital and the way in which we raise additional capital or borrow for investment purposes, which may have a negative effect on our growth. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including risks associated with leverage. 
 The Company will not generally be able to issue and sell its Common Stock at a price below its then-current net asset value per share. Pursuant to Section 23 of the 1940 Act, the Company is required to determine the net asset value of its shares within 48 hours prior to the sale of its shares. The Company may, however, sell Common Stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire the Company s Common Stock, at a price below the then-current net asset value per share of the Company s Common Stock if the Board determines that such sale is in the Company s best interests, and if Shareholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which the Company s securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of the Board, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any distributing commission or discount). If the Company raises additional funds by issuing Common 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Stock or senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, its Common Stock, then the percentage ownership of Shareholders at that time will decrease, and Shareholders may experience dilution. 
 The credit markets are volatile and the availability of, and commercially reasonable terms associated with, indebtedness may be difficult to ascertain. Because of this, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain indebtedness or that indebtedness will be accessible by the Company at any time. If indebtedness is available to the Company, there can be no assurance that such indebtedness will be on terms favorable to the Company and/or terms comparable to terms obtained by competitors, including with respect to interest rates. The terms of any indebtedness are expected to vary based on the counterparty, timing, size, market interest rates, other fees and costs, duration, advance rates, eligible investments, ability to borrow in currencies other than the U.S. dollar and Investor creditworthiness and composition. Moreover, market conditions or other factors may cause or permit the amount of leverage employed by the Company to fluctuate over their life. Furthermore, the Company may seek to obtain indebtedness on an investment-by-investment basis and leverage may not be available or may be available on less desirable terms in connection with particular investments. 
 Regulations governing our ownership of loans, as well as uncertainty surrounding such regulation, may affect our ability to invest efficiently, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 Certain state laws, public policy and general principles of equity relating to the protection of consumers, unfair and deceptive practices and debt collection practices may apply to the servicing and collection of principal and/or interest on the loans owned by or otherwise underlying the Company s investments. 
 The loans may also be subject to U.S. federal laws, including: 
 the U.S. federal Truth-in-Lending Act and Regulation Z promulgated thereunder, which require certain disclosures to the borrowers regarding the terms of loans; 

the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B promulgated thereunder, which prohibit discrimination on the basis of age, race, color, sex, religion, marital status, national origin, receipt of public assistance or the exercise of any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act, in the extension of credit; and 

the Fair Credit Reporting Act, which regulates the use and reporting of information related to the borrower s credit experience. 

Violations of certain provisions of these U.S. federal laws may limit the ability of the applicable loan servicer to collect all or part of the principal of or interest on the loans. In addition, violations of certain provisions of these U.S. federal laws could subject the Company to damages and administrative enforcement and could result in the borrowers rescinding such loans against either the Company or subsequent holders of such loans. 
 Owning loans involves the collection of numerous accounts and compliance with various U.S. federal, state and local laws that regulate consumer lending. Owners of loans and servicers may be subject from time to time to various types of claims, legal actions (including class action lawsuits), investigations, subpoenas and inquiries in the course of their business. It is impossible to predict the outcome of any particular actions, investigations or inquiries or the resulting legal and financial liability. If any such proceeding were determined adversely to the Company or any of its affiliates or any other servicer and were to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, the ability of such servicer to service the loans could be impaired. 
 The Company may purchase loans that either are subject to regulatory scrutiny or are so new that no clear legal guidelines have been established with respect to the regulation and compliance of such businesses with existing laws, rules and regulations. Therefore, there will be little or no legal authority or precedent governing the practices of the sellers of those loans or, in fact, of the status of those loans. While the Adviser believes that each loan purchased by the Company will be in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, in many cases it might not be possible for the Company to be certain that this is the case or that the loans otherwise will not be subject to regulatory or civil challenge. Moreover, although the Adviser will seek to ensure that borrowers operate their businesses in accordance with applicable law, there can be no assurance that each such business will continue to be so operated or that the law will remain constant or that government regulators or civil litigants will not challenge the legality of the business operations of the borrowers subject to the loans purchased by the Company. 
 We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility 
 Our business faces increasing public scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance ESG activities. ESG issues, including those related to climate change and sustainability, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and damage our reputation. Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny relating to their ESG policies. Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds, lenders and other market participants are increasingly focused on ESG practices and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments. The increased focus and activism related to ESG and similar matters may hinder access to capital, as investors and lenders may decide to reallocate capital or to not commit capital as a result of their assessment of a company s ESG practices. Companies which do not adapt to or comply with investor, lender or other industry shareholder expectations and standards, which are evolving, or which are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for ESG issues, regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so, may suffer from reputational damage and the business, financial condition, and/or stock price of such a company could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We may face increasing pressures from investors, lenders and other market participants, who are increasingly focused on climate change, to prioritize sustainable energy practices, reduce our carbon footprint and promote sustainability. As a result, we may be required to implement more stringent ESG procedures or standards so that our existing and future investors and lenders remain invested in us and make further investments in us. If we do not meet these standards, our business and/or our ability to access capital could be harmed. 
 Additionally, certain investors and lenders may exclude companies, such as us, from their investing portfolios altogether due to environmental, social and governance factors. These limitations in both the debt and equity capital markets may affect our ability to grow as our plans for growth may include accessing the equity and debt capital markets. If those markets are unavailable, or if we are unable to access alternative means of financing on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be unable to implement our business strategy, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to service our then indebtedness. Further, it is likely that we will incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report and comply with wide ranging ESG requirements. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 risk damage to our brand and reputation if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as environmental stewardship, corporate governance and transparency and considering ESG factors in our investment processes. Adverse incidents with respect to ESG activities could impact the value of our brand, the cost of our operations and relationships with investors, all of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Additionally, new regulatory initiatives related to ESG could adversely affect our business. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses. 
 Our competitors include both existing and newly formed equity and debt focused public and private funds, other BDCs, investment banks, venture-oriented commercial banks, commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than us. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources (including deposits) that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than we have. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or to the distribution and other requirements we must satisfy to maintain our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC. These characteristics could allow our competitors to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships and offer better pricing and more flexible structuring than we are able to offer. 
 The competitive pressures we face may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We believe that some competitors may make loans with rates that are comparable or lower than our rates. We may lose some investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms and structure. However, if we match our competitors pricing, terms and structure, we may experience decreased net interest income, lower yields and increased risk of credit loss. As a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time, and we may not be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objective. 
 In addition, we believe a significant part of our competitive advantage stems from the fact that the market for investments in small, fast-growing, private companies is underserved by traditional commercial banks and other financing sources. A significant increase in the number and/or the size of our competitors in this target market could force us to accept less attractive investment terms. 
 We are subject to litigation risk associated with our business operations. 
 Should we need to collect on a defaulted loan, litigation could result. There is a high cost associated with any litigation and the results of litigation are always uncertain. Even before litigation is commenced, we could experience substantial costs in trying to collect on defaulted investments, such as legal fees, collection agency fees, or discounts related to the assignment of a defaulted loan to a third party. Our investment activities may further subject us to the risks and costs of becoming involved in litigation with third parties due to, among other reasons, the fact that different investor groups may have qualitatively different, and frequently conflicting, interests with respect to certain investments. The risk of litigation with third parties will be elevated in situations where we exercise control or significant influence over an issuer s direction, including where we own or are otherwise affiliated with a loan servicer or originator, as loan originators are routinely involved in legal proceedings concerning matters that arise in the ordinary course of their business and, on occasion, are the subject of regulatory actions by state and federal regulators. Such proceedings or actions may adversely affect such companies financial results. Furthermore, we may be required to pay legal fees, settlement costs, damages, penalties or other charges, any or all of which could materially adversely affect us and our investments. 
 We are subject to cybersecurity risks. 
 The Company depends on the Adviser to develop and implement appropriate systems for the Company s activities. The Company relies extensively on computer programs and systems (and may rely on new systems and technology in the future) for various purposes including, without limitation, to trade, clear and settle securities transactions, to evaluate certain securities based on real-time trading information, to monitor its portfolio and net capital, and to generate risk management and other reports that are critical to oversight of the Company s activities. In addition, certain of the Company s and the Adviser s operations interface will be dependent on systems operated by third parties, including its prime brokers, the Administrator, market counterparties and their sub-custodians and other service providers, and the Company or Adviser may not be in a position to verify the risks or reliability of such third-party systems. These programs or systems may be subject to certain defects, failures or interruptions, including, but not limited to, those caused by computer worms , viruses and power failures. Any such defect or failure could have a material adverse effect on the Company. For example, such failures could cause settlement of trades to fail, lead to inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades, and cause inaccurate reports, which may affect the Company s ability to monitor its investment portfolio and its risks. 
 As part of its business, the Adviser processes, stores and transmits large amounts of electronic information, including information relating to the transactions of the Company and personally identifiable information of the Shareholders. Similarly, service providers of the Adviser, the Company, especially the Administrator, may process, store and transmit such information. The Adviser has procedures and systems in place that it believes are reasonably designed to protect such information and prevent data loss and security breaches. However, such measures cannot provide absolute security. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. Hardware or software acquired from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. Network connected services provided by third parties to the Adviser may be susceptible to compromise, leading to a breach of the Adviser s network. The Adviser s systems or facilities may be susceptible to employee error or malfeasance, government surveillance, or other security threats. On-line services provided by the Adviser to the Shareholders may also be susceptible to compromise. Breach of the Adviser s information systems may cause information relating to the transactions of the Company and personally identifiable information of the Shareholders to be lost or improperly accessed, used or disclosed. 
 The service providers of the Adviser, the Company is subject to the same electronic information security threats as the Adviser. If a service provider fails to adopt or adhere to adequate data security policies, or in the event of a breach of its networks, information relating to the transactions of the Company and personally identifiable information of the Shareholders may be lost or improperly accessed, used or disclosed. 
 The loss or improper access, use or disclosure of the Adviser s or the Company s proprietary information may cause the Adviser or the Company to suffer, among other things, financial loss, the disruption of their business, liability to third parties, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on the Company and in turn the Company and the Shareholders investments therein. 
 The majority of the Company s shares are held and controlled by one entity. 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 While shares of the Company are held by a number of entities, a substantial percentage of shares are held and controlled by entities with the same ultimate beneficial owner. As a result, the voting power of this Company is highly concentrated. Unless and until the Company s share ownership becomes more diversified, any matters brought before the Company s shareholders will likely be controlled by the vote of the controlling entities. To the extent an individual shareholder s interests differ from those of the controlling entities with respect to any matter brought before the shareholders for a vote, such shareholder s vote will likely not be sufficient to change the outcome of the vote. 
 Risks Related to an Investment in Our Shares 
 A shareholder s interest in us will be diluted if we issue additional shares, which could reduce the overall value of an investment in us. 
 Our shareholders do not have preemptive rights to purchase any shares we issue in the future. Our charter authorizes us to issue up to 100 million shares of common stock. Pursuant to our charter, a majority of our entire Board may amend our charter to increase the number of shares of common stock we may issue without shareholder approval. Our Board may elect to sell additional shares in the future or issue equity interests in private offerings. To the extent we issue additional equity interests at or below net asset value, your percentage ownership interest in us may be diluted. In addition, depending upon the terms and pricing of any additional offerings and the value of our investments, you may also experience dilution in the book value and fair value of your shares. 
 Under the 1940 Act, we generally are prohibited from issuing or selling our common stock at a price below net asset value per share, which may be a disadvantage as compared with other companies. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options, or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the current net asset value of our common stock if our Board and independent directors determine that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our shareholders, and our shareholders, including a majority of those shareholders that are not affiliated with us, approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of our Board, closely approximates the fair value of such securities (less any distributing commission or discount). If we raise additional funds by issuing common stock or senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock, then the percentage ownership of our shareholders at that time will decrease and you will experience dilution. 
 Certain provisions of our charter and actions of our Board could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact on the value of shares of our common stock. 
 Our charter, as well as certain statutory and regulatory requirements, contain certain provisions that may have the effect of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire us. Our Board is divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms, which could prevent shareholders from removing a majority of directors in any given election. Our Board may, without shareholder action, authorize the issuance of shares in one or more classes or series, including shares of preferred stock; and our Board may, without shareholder action, amend our charter to increase the number of shares of our common stock, of any class or series, that we will have authority to issue. These anti-takeover provisions may inhibit a change of control in circumstances that could give the holders of shares of our common stock the opportunity to realize a premium over the value of shares of our common stock. 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. 
 The investments we make in accordance with our investment objective may result in a higher amount of risk than alternative investment options, including volatility or loss of principal. Our investments in portfolio companies may be highly speculative and aggressive and, therefore, an investment in our common stock may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. 
 Risks Related to Our Investments 
 Our investments in portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or part of our investments. 
 All investments risk the loss of capital. No guarantee or representation is made that the Company s program will be successful. The Company s investment program will involve, without limitation, risks associated with limited diversification, use of leverage, credit deterioration and default risks, systems risks and other risks inherent in the Company s activities. Certain investment techniques of the Company can, in certain circumstances, substantially increase the impact of adverse market movements to which the Company may be subject. In addition, the Company s investments may be materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and overall economic conditions occurring globally and in particular countries or markets where the Company invests its assets. 
 The Company s methods of minimizing such risks may not accurately predict future risk exposures. Risk management techniques are based in part on the observation of historical market behavior, which may not predict market divergences that are larger than historical indicators. Also, information used to manage risks may not be accurate, complete or current, and such information may be misinterpreted. 
 Our strategy focuses primarily on originating and making loans to, and making debt and equity investments in, U.S. middle market companies, with a focus on originated transactions sourced through the networks of our Adviser. Short transaction closing timeframes associated with originated transactions coupled with added tax or accounting structuring complexity and international transactions may result in higher risk in comparison to non-originated transactions. 
 Most debt securities in which we intend to invest will not be rated by any rating agency and, if they were rated, they would be rated as below investment grade quality and are commonly referred to as high yield or junk. Debt securities rated below investment grade quality are generally regarded as having predominantly speculative characteristics and may carry a greater risk with respect to a borrower s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. In addition, some of the loans in which we may invest may be covenant-lite loans. We use the term covenant-lite loans to refer generally to loans that do not have a complete set of financial maintenance covenants. Generally, covenant-lite loans provide borrower companies more freedom to negatively impact lenders because their covenants are incurrence-based, which means they are only tested and can only be breached following an affirmative action of the borrower, rather than by a deterioration in the borrower s financial condition. Accordingly, to the extent we invest in covenant-lite loans, we may have fewer rights against a borrower and may have a greater risk of loss on such investments as compared to investments in or exposure to loans with financial maintenance covenants. 
 Our investment portfolio is recorded at fair value as determined in good faith in accordance with procedures established by our Board and, as a result, there is and will be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 
 Many of our Portfolio Investments take the form of securities that are not publicly traded. The fair value of loans, securities and other investments that are not publicly traded may not be readily determinable and are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the Board, including to reflect significant events affecting the value of our investments. Most, if not all, of our investments (other than cash and cash equivalents) will be classified as Level 3 assets under 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Topic 820 of the U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification, as amended, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC Topic 820 ). This means that our portfolio valuations will be based on unobservable inputs and our assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability in question. Inputs into the determination of fair value of our Portfolio Investments require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data are available, such information may be the result of consensus pricing information or broker quotes, which include a disclaimer that the broker would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The non-binding nature of consensus pricing and/or quotes accompanied by disclaimers materially reduces the reliability of such information. We have retained the services of one or more independent service providers to review the valuation of these loans and securities. The types of factors that may be taken into account in determining the fair value of Portfolio Investments generally include, as appropriate, comparison to publicly-traded securities including such factors as yield, maturity and measures of credit quality, the enterprise value of a portfolio company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time, and may be based on estimates, determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these loans and securities existed. Our net asset value could be adversely affected if determinations regarding the fair value of our investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon the disposal of such loans and securities. In addition, the method of calculating the Management Fee (and the Incentive Compensation) may result in conflicts of interest between the Adviser, on the one hand, and Shareholders on the other hand, with respect to the valuation of investments. See Risks Related to our Adviser and its Affiliates Our fee structure may create incentives for our Adviser to make speculative investments or use substantial leverage. 
 A lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect us. 
 Certain securities or obligations held by the Company may have terms longer than the term of the Company and certain loans may have grace periods of several years. Furthermore, the Company may, in connection with collateral held by it, acquire non-marketable common or preferred equity securities and other illiquid assets with equity participation features, which, to the extent that they have value at all, will likely not have realizable value for a significant period of time. Accordingly, certain investments may need to be disposed of upon dissolution of the Company for less than their potential value. 
 The lack of liquidity in the Company s investments may materially and adversely affect the Company s value. As the Company primarily invests in loans to private companies, substantially all of their investments are less liquid than publicly traded securities and may be subject to contractual, statutory or regulatory prohibitions on disposition. While the Adviser anticipates that the Company will hold a significant portion of such investments until realization, should the Adviser determine it to be advisable to earlier dispose of any such investments, the Company may have difficulty doing so and in certain cases may only be able to sell such investments at substantial discounts to face value. 
 Inflation may adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of our portfolio companies. 
 Certain of our portfolio companies may be impacted by inflation. If such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in their costs along to their customers, it could adversely affect their results and impact their ability to pay interest and principal on our loans. In addition, any projected future decreases in our portfolio companies operating results due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our investments could result in future unrealized losses and therefore reduce our net assets resulting from operations. 
 Additionally, the Federal Reserve has raised, and has indicated its intent to continue raising, certain benchmark interest rates in an effort to combat inflation. There is no guarantee that the actions taken by the Federal Reserve will reduce or eliminate inflation. 
 Defaults by our portfolio companies could jeopardize a portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt or equity investments that we hold, which could harm our operating results. 
 Although the Company intends primarily to invest in loans and other debt instruments or obligations secured by collateral, the Company may be exposed to losses resulting from default and foreclosure of any such loans or interests in loans in which it has invested. Therefore, the value of underlying collateral, the creditworthiness of borrowers and the priority of liens are each of great importance in determining the value of the Company s investments. No guarantee can be made regarding the adequacy of the protection of the Company s security in the loans or other debt instruments in which it invests. Moreover, in the event of foreclosure, the Company or an affiliate thereof may assume direct ownership of any assets collateralizing such foreclosed loans. The liquidation proceeds upon the sale of such assets may not satisfy the entire outstanding balance of principal and interest on such foreclosed loans, resulting in a loss to the Company. Any costs or delays involved in the effectuation of loan foreclosures or liquidation of the assets collateralizing such foreclosed loans will further reduce proceeds associated therewith and, consequently, increase possible losses to the Company. In addition, no assurances can be made that borrowers or third parties will not assert claims in connection with foreclosure proceedings or otherwise, or that such claims will not interfere with the enforcement of the Company s rights. 
 Under certain circumstances, collateral securing an investment may be released without the consent of the Company. Moreover, the Company s security interest (with respect to investments in secured debt) may be unperfected for a variety of reasons, including the failure to make required filings by lenders and, as a result, the Company may not have priority over other creditors as anticipated. First priority lien investments made by the Company may, in certain cases, provide a first priority lien over some, but not all, of the assets of the relevant borrower. The Company may also invest in second-lien debt, high-yield securities, marketable and nonmarketable common and preferred equity securities and other unsecured instruments each of which involves a higher degree of risk than senior first-lien secured debt, including the re-use and subsequent loss of collateral by the borrower. Furthermore, the Company s right to payment and its security interest, if any, may be subordinated to the payment rights and security interests of senior lenders (with respect to some or all of the assets of an issuer in which the Company invests). Certain of these investments may have an interest-only payment schedule, with the principal amount remaining outstanding and at risk until the maturity of the investment. In such cases, the ability of the issuer to repay the principal in respect of the Company s investment may be dependent upon a liquidity event or the long-term success of the company, the occurrence of which is uncertain. 
 In addition, issuers in which the Company invests could present a high degree of business and credit risk. Issuers in which the Company invests could deteriorate as a result of, among other factors, an adverse development in their businesses, a change in the competitive environment or the occurrence, continuation or worsening of any economic and financial market downturns and dislocations. As a result, issuers that the Company expected to be stable or improve may operate, or expect to operate, at a loss or have significant variations in operating results, may require substantial additional capital to support their operations or maintain their competitive position, or may otherwise have a weak financial condition or be experiencing financial distress. 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The terms of any derivative hedging arrangements entered into by the Company may provide that related collateral given to, or received by, the Company may be pledged, lent, re-hypothecated or otherwise re-used by the collateral taker for its own purposes. If collateral received by the Company is reinvested or otherwise reused, the Company is exposed to the risk of loss on that investment. Should such a loss occur, the value of the collateral will be reduced and the Company will have less protection if the counterparty defaults. Similarly, if the counterparty reinvests or otherwise re-uses collateral received from the Company and suffers a loss as a result, it may not be in a position to return that collateral to the Company should the relevant transaction complete, be unwound or otherwise terminate and the Company is exposed to the risk of loss of the amount of collateral provided to the counterparty. 
 We generally will not control the business operations of our portfolio companies and, due to the illiquid nature of our holdings in our portfolio companies, we may not be able to dispose of our interest in our portfolio companies. 
 The Company will invest in debt instruments and equity securities of companies that they do not control. Such investments will be subject to the risk that the issuer may make business, financial or management decisions with which the Company does not agree or that the majority stakeholders or the management of the issuer may take risks or otherwise act in a manner that does not serve the Company s interests. In addition, the Company may share control over certain investments with co-investors, which may make it more difficult for the Company to implement its investment approach or exit the investment when it otherwise would. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Company and in turn the Company and the Shareholders investments therein. 
 International investments create additional risks. 
 The Company may invest in financial instruments of non-U.S. entities and governments. Investing in the financial instruments of entities and governments outside of the United States involves certain considerations not usually associated with investing in financial instruments of U.S. entities or the U.S. government, including political and economic considerations, such as greater risks of expropriation, nationalization, confiscatory or other taxation, imposition of withholding or other taxes on interest, dividends, capital gains or other income or gross sale or disposition proceeds, limitations on the removal of assets and general social, political and economic instability; the relatively small size of the securities markets in such countries and the low volume of trading, resulting in potential lack of liquidity and in price volatility; the evolving and unsophisticated laws and regulations applicable to the securities and financial services industries of certain countries; fluctuations in the rate of exchange between currencies and costs associated with currency conversion; and certain government policies that may restrict the Company s investment opportunities. In addition, accounting and financial reporting standards that prevail outside of the United States generally are not as high as U.S. standards and, consequently, less information is typically available concerning companies located outside of the United States than for those located in the United States. As a result, the Company may be unable to structure its transactions to achieve the intended results or to mitigate all risks associated with such markets. It may also be difficult to enforce the Company s rights in such markets. 
 The Company may, on an opportunistic basis, invest in the securities of companies in various foreign emerging markets. Investments in foreign emerging markets involve certain unique risks, including risks of volatility in those markets, governmental intervention in those markets and cross-shareholdings in companies in certain countries. There is also generally less publicly available information about foreign companies than about U.S. companies, and foreign companies are subject to accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards and requirements different from those applicable to U.S. companies. The value of companies in foreign emerging markets may be affected by political, economic, financial and social factors in those countries, or global regions, including changes in government, economic and fiscal policies and currency exchange laws. Companies in foreign emerging markets may be subject to heightened risks, including risks of relatively unstable governments, nationalization of businesses, restrictions on foreign ownership, prohibitions on the repatriation of assets and less protection of property rights. The economies of countries in emerging markets may be based on only a few industries, be highly vulnerable to changes in local or global trade conditions and suffer from extreme and volatile debt burdens or inflation rates. Moreover, the economies in such countries may differ unfavorably from the economy in the United States in such respects as growth of gross national product, rate of inflation, capital reinvestment, resources and self-sufficiency. 
 Finally, we may, on an opportunistic basis, invest in loans, secured debt or other investments that are denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar. In such an event, the prices of such investments will be determined with reference to currencies other than the U.S. dollar but the Company will value its securities and other assets in U.S. dollars. To the extent that the Company makes investments that are denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, the Company generally expects to hedge its foreign currency exposure. However, to the extent that the Company s foreign currency exposure is not hedged, the value of the Company s assets will fluctuate with U.S. dollar exchange rates as well as the price changes of the Company s investments. Among the factors that may affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation, and political developments. An increase in the value of the U.S. dollar compared to the other currencies in which the Company makes its investments will reduce the effect of increases and magnify the effect of decreases in the prices of the Company s investments in foreign markets. As a result, the Company could realize a net loss on an investment, even if there were a gain on the underlying investment before currency losses were taken into account. 
 Our portfolio may be focused on a limited number of portfolio companies or industries, which will subject us to a risk of significant loss if any of these companies defaults on its obligations under any of its debt instruments or if there is a downturn in a particular industry. 
 We are classified as a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, which means that we are not limited by the 1940 Act with respect to the proportion of our assets that we may invest in securities of a single issuer, excluding limitations on investments in other investment companies. To the extent that we assume large positions in the securities of a small number of issuers or industries, our net asset value may fluctuate to a greater extent than that of a diversified investment company as a result of changes in the financial condition or the market s assessment of the issuer. Unfavorable performance by a small number of Portfolio Investments could adversely affect the aggregate returns realized by Shareholders. We expect to invest in a number of Portfolio Investments, but such number may be insufficient to afford adequate diversification against the risk that an insufficient number of Portfolio Investments in which we invest may yield a return. 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Company may also be more susceptible to any single economic or regulatory occurrence than a diversified investment company. In addition, the aggregate returns the Company realizes may be significantly adversely affected if a small number of investments perform poorly or if the Company needs to write down the value of any one investment. Additionally, a downturn in any particular industry in which the Company is invested could significantly affect the Company s aggregate returns. 
 Because the Company may invest significant amounts of the Company s available capital in a single investment, any single loss may have a significant adverse impact on the Company s capital. While the Company will generally focus on borrowers who are U.S. SMBs, the Adviser may determine whether companies meet the foregoing criteria in its sole discretion. In addition, except as may be provided by the requirement to invest at least 70 of its assets in qualifying investments and as may be necessary to qualify as a RIC, the Company is not restricted in its ability to invest in companies of any size or in any geographical location, and may from time to time or over time invest in companies of any size or in any geographical location. The Company s performance may be adversely affected by industry or region-specific factors. Although the Adviser attempts to identify, monitor and manage significant risks, these efforts do not take all risks into account and there can be no assurance that these efforts will be effective. Many risk management techniques are based on observed historical market behavior, but future market behavior may be entirely different. Any inadequacy or failure in the Adviser s risk management efforts could result in material losses for the Company. 
 Risks Related to the Economy 
 The capital markets are currently in a period of disruption and economic uncertainty. Such market conditions have materially and adversely affected debt and equity capital markets, which have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business and operations. 
 The U.S. capital markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption since the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, as evidenced by the volatility in global stock markets as a result of, among other things, uncertainty surrounding the pandemic and the fluctuating price of commodities such as oil. Despite actions of the U.S. federal government and foreign governments, these events have contributed to unpredictable general economic conditions that are materially and adversely impacting the broader financial and credit markets and reducing the availability of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole. These conditions could continue for a prolonged period of time or worsen in the future. 
 Given the ongoing and dynamic nature of the circumstances, it is difficult to predict the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. The extent of such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, including the duration or reoccurrence of any potential business or supply chain disruption, the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and the actions taken by governments and their citizens to contain the COVID-19 pandemic or treat its impact. As the result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related adverse local and national economic consequences, we could be subject to any of the following risks, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations: 
 Current market conditions may make it difficult to raise equity capital because, subject to some limited exceptions, as a BDC, we are generally not able to issue additional shares of our common stock at a price less than the NAV per Share without first obtaining approval for such issuance from our Shareholders and our Independent Directors. In addition, these market conditions may make it difficult to access or obtain new indebtedness with similar terms to our existing indebtedness. 

Significant changes or volatility in the capital markets may also have a negative effect on the valuations of our investments. While most of our investments are not publicly traded, applicable accounting standards require us to assume as part of our valuation process that our investments are sold in a principal market to market participants (even if we plan on holding an investment through its maturity). 

Significant changes in the capital markets may adversely affect the pace of our investment activity and economic activity generally. 

The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments to access capital if required, and as a result, we could realize significantly less than the value at which we have recorded our investments if we were required to sell them for liquidity purposes. An inability to raise or access capital, and any required sale of all or a portion of our investments as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

The COVID-19 pandemic is ongoing as of the filing date of this Annual Report, and its extended duration may have further adverse impacts on us and our portfolio companies after December 31, 2022. 
 Global economic, political and market conditions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, including our revenue growth and profitability. 
 The current worldwide financial markets situation, as well as various social and political tensions in the United States and around the world (including wars and other forms of conflict, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and global health epidemics), may contribute to increased market volatility, may have long term effects on the United States and worldwide financial markets, and may cause economic uncertainties or deterioration in the United States and worldwide. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely impact global commercial activity and has contributed to significant volatility in financial markets. We monitor developments and seek to manage our investments in a manner consistent with achieving our investment objective, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in doing so. See Political, social and economic uncertainty, including uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic, may create and/or exacerbate risks. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Biden Administration enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which modifies key aspects of the Code, including by creating an alternative minimum tax on certain large corporations and an excise tax on stock repurchases by certain corporations. We are currently assessing the potential impact of these legislative changes. Any new or changed laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, and political uncertainty could increase regulatory uncertainty in the near term. 
 Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. 
 Many of our portfolio companies may be susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions and may be unable to repay our debt investments during these periods. In particular, in past periods of instability, the financial services sector was negatively impacted by significant write-offs as the value of the assets held by financial firms declined, impairing their capital positions and abilities to lend and invest. In addition, continued uncertainty surrounding the negotiation 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 of trade deals between the United Kingdom and the European Union following the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union and uncertainty between the United States and other countries, including China and Russia, with respect to trade policies, treaties, sanctions, and tariffs, among other factors, have caused disruption in the global markets. There can be no assurance that market conditions will not worsen in the future. 
 In an economic downturn, we may have non-performing assets or non-performing assets may increase, and the value of our portfolio is likely to decrease during these periods. Adverse economic conditions may also decrease the value of any collateral securing our loans. A severe recession may further decrease the value of such collateral and result in losses of value in our portfolio and a decrease in our revenues, net income, assets and net worth. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us on terms we deem acceptable. These events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. 
 The occurrence of recessionary conditions and/or negative developments in the domestic and international credit markets may significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the value of our investments, and our ongoing operations, costs and profitability. Any such unfavorable economic conditions, including rising interest rates, may also increase our funding costs, limit our access to capital markets or negatively impact our ability to obtain financing, particularly from the debt markets. In addition, any future financial market uncertainty could lead to financial market disruptions and could further impact our ability to obtain financing. 
 These events could limit our investment originations, limit our ability to grow and negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to our Adviser and its Affiliates 
 The Adviser and its affiliates may face conflicts of interest, which could result in increased risk-taking by us. 
 The Adviser will be subject to a variety of conflicts of interest in making investments on behalf of the Company. For example, the Adviser may be subject to conflicts relating to its selection of brokers on behalf of the Company. Portfolio transactions for the Company are allocated to brokers on the basis of best execution and in consideration of a broker s ability to effect the transactions, its facilities, reliability and financial responsibility and the provision or payment by the broker of the costs of research and research-related services. However, brokers may provide other services that are beneficial to the Adviser, but not necessarily beneficial to the Company, including, without limitations, capital introduction, marketing assistance, consulting with respect to technology, operations, equipment and office space, commitment to capital, access to company management, access to deal flow and other services or items. Such services and items may influence the Adviser s selection of brokers. 
 Our fee structure may create incentives for our Adviser to make speculative investments or use substantial leverage. 
 The Adviser and its affiliates will receive substantial fees from us in return for their services. These fees may include certain incentive fees based on the amount of appreciation of our investments. These fees could influence the advice provided to us. Generally, the more equity we sell in public offerings and the greater the risk assumed by us with respect to our investments, including through the use of leverage, the greater the potential for growth in our assets and profits, and, correlatively, the fees payable by us to our Adviser. These compensation arrangements could affect our Adviser s or its affiliates judgment with respect to public offerings of equity, incurrence of debt, and investments made by us, which allow our Adviser to earn increased asset management fees. 
 We may compete for capital and investment opportunities with other entities managed by our Adviser or its affiliates, subjecting our Adviser to certain conflicts of interest. 
 The 1940 Act prohibits or restricts the Company s ability to engage in certain principal transactions and joint transactions with certain close affiliates and remote affiliates. For example, the Company is prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to any person who owns more than 25 of its voting securities or certain of that person s affiliates (each is a close affiliate ), or entering into prohibited joint transactions with such persons, absent the prior approval of the SEC. The Company considers the Adviser and its affiliates, to be close affiliates for such purposes. The Company is prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain principal transactions and joint transactions with a remote affiliate without the prior approval of the Independent Directors. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of the Company s outstanding voting securities will be a remote affiliate for purposes of the 1940 Act, and the Company is generally prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to such affiliate without the prior approval of the Independent Directors. 
 The Company may, however, invest alongside the Adviser s investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with the Company s investment strategy as well as applicable law and SEC staff interpretations. For example, the Company may invest alongside such investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles consistent with guidance promulgated by the SEC staff to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are met, including that the Adviser, acting on the Company s behalf and on behalf of such investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles, negotiates no term other than price. The Company may also invest alongside the Adviser s investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles as otherwise permissible under regulatory guidance, applicable regulations and the Adviser s allocation policy. An exemptive order was issued by the SEC on February 16, 2022 (the Order , which was amended on August 31, 2022) to the Company and certain of its affiliates. The Order permits the Company, subject to certain terms and conditions, to participate in certain co-investment transactions with funds and accounts managed by the Adviser that otherwise would be prohibited under either or both of Section 17(d) and 57(a)(4) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 thereunder, in accordance with the conditions to the Order. The Order permits the Company to co-invest the Adviser s investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles in the Adviser s originated loan transactions under certain enumerated conditions if the Board determines that it would be advantageous for the Company to co-invest with investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by the Adviser in a manner consistent with the Company s investment objectives, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. 
 The Company s allocation policy provides that allocations among the Company and investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by the Adviser and its affiliates will generally be made in a manner deemed to be fair and equitable over time which does not favor one client or group of clients, taking into consideration such factors as legal, regulatory and tax considerations, availability of capital for investment by the account, liquidity concerns and such other factors as deemed under the particular circumstances to be relevant in making the investment allocation determination as determined, in the Company s case, by the Adviser as well as the terms of the Company s governing documents and those of such investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles. It is the Company s policy to base its determinations on such factors as: the amount of cash on-hand, existing commitments and reserves, if any, the Company s targeted leverage level, the Company s targeted asset mix and diversification requirements and other investment policies and restrictions set by the Board or imposed by applicable laws, rules, regulations or interpretations. The Company expects that these allocation determinations will be made similarly for investment funds, 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 accounts and investment vehicles managed by the Adviser. However, the Company can offer no assurance that investment opportunities will be allocated to the Company fairly or equitably in the short-term or over time. 
 In situations where co-investment with investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by the Adviser is not permitted or appropriate, such as when there is an opportunity to invest in different securities of the same issuer or where the different investments could be expected to result in a conflict between the Company s interests and those of the Adviser s clients, subject to the limitations described in the preceding paragraph, the Adviser will need to decide which client will proceed with the investment. Moreover, except in certain limited circumstances as permitted by the 1940 Act, such as when the only term being negotiated is price, the Company will be unable to invest in any issuer in which an investment fund, account or investment vehicle managed by the Adviser has previously invested. Similar restrictions limit the Company s ability to transact business with its officers or directors or their affiliates. These restrictions will limit the scope of investment opportunities that would otherwise be available to the Company. If the Company is prohibited by applicable law from investing alongside the Adviser s investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles with respect to an investment opportunity, the Company will not participate in such investment opportunity. 
 We may be obligated to pay our Adviser incentive fees even if we incur a net loss due to a decline in the value of our portfolio and even if our earned interest income is not payable in cash. 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement entitles our Adviser to receive an incentive fee based on our pre-incentive fee net investment income regardless of any capital losses. In such case, we may be required to pay our Adviser an incentive fee for a fiscal quarter even if there is a decline in the value of our portfolio or if we incur a net loss for that quarter. 
 Any incentive fee payable by us that relates to the pre-incentive fee net investment income may be computed and paid on income that may include interest that has been accrued but not yet received or interest in the form of securities received rather than cash payment-in-kind or PIK income). PIK income will be included in the pre-incentive fee net investment income used to calculate the incentive fee to our Adviser even though we do not receive the income in the form of cash. If a portfolio company defaults on a loan that is structured to provide accrued interest income, it is possible that accrued interest income previously included in the calculation of the incentive fee will become uncollectible. Our Adviser is not obligated to reimburse us for any part of the incentive fee it received that was based on accrued interest income that we never receive as a result of a subsequent default. 
 The quarterly incentive fee on income is recognized and paid without regard to: (i) the trend of pre-incentive fee net investment income as a percent of adjusted capital over multiple quarters in arrears which may in fact be consistently less than the quarterly preferred return, or (ii) the net income or net loss in the current calendar quarter, the current year or any combination of prior periods. 
 For federal income tax purposes, we may be required to recognize taxable income in some circumstances in which we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash and to make distributions with respect to such income to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC and/or minimize corporate-level U.S. federal income or excise tax. Under such circumstances, we may have difficulty meeting the Annual Distribution Requirement necessary to maintain RIC tax treatment under the Code. This difficulty in making the required distribution may be amplified to the extent that we are required to pay the incentive fee on income with respect to such accrued income. As a result, we may have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital, or forgo new investment opportunities for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax. 
 Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted. 
 The Company generally will be prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain transactions with its affiliates without prior approval of the Independent Directors of the Company and, in some cases, the SEC. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of the Company s outstanding voting securities is an affiliate of the Company for purposes of the 1940 Act, and the Company generally will be prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to such affiliate, absent the prior approval of the Independent Directors. The 1940 Act also prohibits certain joint transactions with certain of the Company s affiliates, which could include investments in the same issuers (whether at the same or different times), without prior approval of the Independent Directors and, in some cases, the SEC. If a person acquires more than 25 of the Company s voting securities, the Company will be prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to such person or certain of that person s affiliates, or entering into prohibited joint transactions with such persons, absent the prior approval of the SEC. Similar restrictions limit the Company s ability to transact business with the Company s officers or directors or their affiliates. These prohibitions will affect the manner in which investment opportunities are allocated between the Company and other funds managed by MSD or its affiliates. Most importantly, the Company generally will be prohibited from co-investing with other MSD Accounts or affiliates of the Adviser in MSD-originated loans and financings unless the Company co-invests in accordance with the applicable regulatory guidance or has obtained an exemptive order from the SEC permitting such co-investment activities. Accordingly, while the Adviser intends to allocate suitable opportunities among the Company and other MSD Accounts or affiliates of the Adviser based on the principles described above, the prohibition on co-investing with affiliates could significantly limit the scope of investment opportunities available to the Company. In particular, the decision by MSD to allocate an opportunity to one or more MSD Accounts or to an affiliate of the Adviser, or the existence of a prior co-investment structure, might cause the Company to forgo an investment opportunity that it otherwise would have made. Similarly, the Company generally may be limited in its ability to invest in an issuer in which a MSD Account or affiliate of the Adviser had previously invested. The Company may in certain circumstances also be required to sell, transfer or otherwise reorganize assets in which the Company has invested with MSD Accounts or affiliates of the Adviser at times that the Company may not consider advantageous. 
 An exemptive order was issued by the SEC on February 16, 2022 (the Order to the Company and certain of its affiliates, which was amended on August 31, 2022. The Order permits the Company, subject to certain terms and conditions, to participate in certain co-investment transactions with funds and accounts managed by the Adviser that otherwise would be prohibited under either or both of Section 17(d) and 57(a)(4) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 thereunder, in accordance with the conditions to the Order. 
 Risks Related to U.S. Federal Income Tax 
 We will be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax if we are unable to maintain qualification as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 To maintain RIC tax treatment under the Code, we must meet the following minimum annual distribution, income source and asset diversification requirements. See Item 1. Business Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations. 
 The Annual Distribution Requirement for a RIC will be satisfied if we distribute to our shareholders on an annual basis at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of realized net short term capital gains over realized net long term capital losses. In addition, a RIC may, in certain cases, satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement by distributing dividends relating to a taxable year after the close of such taxable year under the spillback dividend provisions of Subchapter M. We would be taxed, at regular corporate rates, on retained income and/or gains, including any short term capital gains or long term capital gains. We also must make distributions to satisfy an additional Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement in order to avoid a 4 excise tax on certain undistributed income. Because we may use debt financing, we are subject to (i) an asset coverage ratio requirement under the 1940 Act and may, in the future, be subject to (ii) certain financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to satisfy the distribution requirements. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources, or choose or are required to retain a portion of our taxable income or gains, we could (1) be required to pay excise taxes and (2) fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment, and thus become subject to corporate level income tax on our taxable income (including gains). 
 The income source requirement will be satisfied if we obtain at least 90 of our annual income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to loans of certain securities, gains from the sale of stock or other securities or foreign currencies, net income from certain qualified publicly traded partnerships, or other income derived from the business of investing in stock or securities. 
 The asset diversification requirement will be satisfied if we meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each quarter of our taxable year. Specifically, at least 50 of the value of our assets must consist of cash, cash equivalents (including receivables), U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other acceptable securities if such securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and no more than 25 of the value of our assets can be invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, the securities, other than the securities of other RICs of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or the securities of certain qualified publicly traded partnerships. Failure to meet these requirements may result in our having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of RIC status. Because most of our investments will be in private companies, and therefore will be relatively illiquid, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and could result in substantial losses. 
 If we fail to qualify for or maintain RIC tax treatment for any reason and are subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates, the resulting corporate taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution, and the amount of our distributions. 
 We may invest in certain debt and equity investments through taxable subsidiaries and the net taxable income of these taxable subsidiaries will be subject to U.S. federal and state corporate income taxes. We may invest in certain foreign debt and equity investments which could be subject to foreign taxes (such as income tax, withholding, and value added taxes). 
 We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before, or without, receiving cash representing such income. 
 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash. For example, since we will likely hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having OID (such as debt instruments with PIK, secondary market purchases of debt securities at a discount to par, interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or debt instruments that were issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as unrealized appreciation for foreign currency forward contracts and deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock. Furthermore, we may invest in non-U.S. corporations (or other non-U.S. entities treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that could be treated under the Code and U.S. Treasury regulations as passive foreign investment companies and/or controlled foreign corporations. The rules relating to investment in these types of non-U.S. entities are designed to ensure that U.S. taxpayers are either, in effect, taxed currently (or on an accelerated basis with respect to corporate-level events) or taxed at increased tax rates at distribution or disposition. In certain circumstances this could require us to recognize income where we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash. 
 Unrealized appreciation on derivatives, such as foreign currency forward contracts, may be included in taxable income while the receipt of cash may occur in a subsequent period when the related contract expires. Any unrealized depreciation on investments that the foreign currency forward contracts are designed to hedge are not currently deductible for tax purposes. This can result in increased taxable income whereby we may not have sufficient cash to pay distributions or we may opt to retain such taxable income and pay a 4 excise tax. In such cases we could still rely upon the spillback provisions to maintain RIC tax treatment. 
 We anticipate that a portion of our income may constitute OID or other income required to be included in taxable income prior to receipt of cash. Further, we may elect to amortize market discounts with respect to debt securities acquired in the secondary market and include such amounts in our taxable income in the current year, instead of upon disposition, as an election not to do so would limit our ability to deduct interest expenses for tax purposes. Because any OID or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of the accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our shareholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even if we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. As a result, we may have difficulty meeting the Annual Distribution Requirement necessary to maintain RIC tax treatment under the Code. We may have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital, make a partial share distribution, or forgo new investment opportunities for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, and choose not to make a qualifying share distribution, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates. 
 Tax laws may change over time and such changes could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 From time to time, legislation has been proposed that, if enacted into law, would make significant changes to U.S. federal and state income tax laws, including (i) the elimination of the immediate deduction for intangible drilling and development costs, (ii) changes to a depletion allowance for oil and natural gas properties, (iii) the implementation of a carbon tax, (iv) an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures, (v) changes to tax rates, and (vi) the introduction of a minimum tax. While these specific changes were not included in recent legislation such as the Inflation 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Reduction Act of 2022, no accurate prediction can be made as to whether any such legislative changes will be proposed or enacted in the future or, if enacted, what the specific provisions or the effective date of any such legislation would be. The elimination of U.S. federal tax deductions, as well as any other changes to or the imposition of new federal, state, local or non-U.S. taxes (including the imposition of, or increases in production, severance or similar taxes) could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties . 
 Our corporate headquarters are located at One Vanderbilt Avenue, 26th Floor New York, New York 10017, and will be provided for by the Administrator in accordance with the terms of our Administration Agreement. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is contemplated to be conducted. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Neither we nor the Adviser are currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, are any material legal proceeding threatened against us or them. From time to time, we and/or the Adviser may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. Our business is also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. While the outcome of these legal or regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures . 
 Not applicable. 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our Shares will be offered and sold in transactions exempt from registration under the 1933 Act under Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation D. There is no public market for our Shares currently, nor can we give any assurance that one will develop. 
 Because shares are being acquired by investors in transactions not involving a public offering, they are restricted securities and may be required to be held indefinitely Our Shares may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise disposed of unless (i) the Adviser s consent is granted, and (ii) the shares are registered under applicable securities laws or specifically exempted from registration (in which case the Shareholder may, at our option, be required to provide us with a legal opinion, in form and substance satisfactory to us, that registration is not required). Accordingly, an investor must be willing to bear the economic risk of investment in the shares until we are liquidated. No sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or other disposition, whether voluntary or involuntary, of the shares may be made except by registration of the transfer on our books. Each transferee will be required to execute an instrument agreeing to be bound by these restrictions and the other restrictions imposed on the shares and to execute such other instruments or certifications as are reasonably required by us. 
 Holders 
 As of March 23, 2023 there were 219 shareholders of our common stock. 
 Determinations in Connection with our Offerings 
 In connection with each offering of our Shares, to the extent we do not have Shareholder approval to sell below NAV, our Board or an authorized committee thereof will be required to make a good faith determination that we are not selling our Shares at a price below the then current net asset value of our Shares at the time at which the sale is made. Our Board or an authorized committee thereof will consider the following factors, among others, in making such determination: 
 the net asset value of our Shares disclosed in the most recent periodic report we filed with the SEC; 

our management s assessment of whether any material change in the net asset value of our Shares has occurred (including through the realization of gains on the sale of our portfolio securities) during the period beginning on the date of the most recently disclosed net asset value of our Shares and ending as of a time within 48 hours (excluding Sundays and holidays) of the sale of our Shares; and 

the magnitude of the difference between (i) a value that our Board or an authorized committee thereof has determined reflects the current (as of a time within 48 hours excluding Sundays and holidays) net asset value of our Shares, which is based upon the net asset value of our Shares disclosed in the most recent periodic report we filed with the SEC, as adjusted to reflect our management s assessment of any material change in the net asset value of our Shares since the date of the most recently disclosed net asset value of our Shares, and (ii) the offering price of our Shares in the proposed offering. 

These processes and procedures are part of our compliance policies and procedures. Records will be made contemporaneously with all determinations described in this section and these records will be maintained with other records we are required to maintain under the 1940 Act. 
 Distribution Policy 
 Because we intend to maintain our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC, we intend to distribute at least 90 of our annual taxable income to our Shareholders. To the extent our taxable earnings fall below the total amount of our paid distributions for any given fiscal year, a portion of those paid distributions may be deemed to be a tax return of capital to our Shareholders. The timing and amount of our distributions, if any, is determined by our Board. Any distributions 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 to shareholders are declared out of assets legally available for distribution. See Note 9. Net Assets for the history of distributions declared for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a distribution reinvestment plan pursuant to which Shareholders may elect to have their distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of the Company s common stock, rather than receiving distributions. As a result, if the Board authorizes, and the Company declares a distribution, then Shareholders who have opted into the Company s distribution reinvestment plan will have their distribution automatically reinvested in additional shares of the Company rather than receiving the distribution in cash. Any fractional share of the Company s common stock otherwise issuable to a participant in the distribution reinvestment plan will instead be paid in cash. 
 No action will be required on the part of a registered Shareholder to receive his, her, or its dividend in cash. A registered shareholder that wishes to participate in the distribution reinvestment plan must notify U.S. Bank Global Fund Services in writing no later than ten calendar days prior to the record date for any dividend or other distribution and such election will remain in place until the Shareholder notifies U.S. Bank Global Fund Services otherwise. 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, the following discussion and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. 
 Please see Risk Factors and Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. 
 Overview 
 We were established as a Delaware limited liability company on February 18, 2021, and converted to MSD Investment, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company, on October 22, 2021. On December 1, 2021, the Company entered into purchase agreements with the Funds pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire the Initial Portfolio for an aggregate cash purchase price equal to the fair value of such assets, plus accrued but unpaid interest as of the closing date, less any principal payments received between signing of the purchase agreements and the closing of the transactions contemplated thereby. The closing of the purchase of the Initial Portfolio by the Company occurred on December 21, 2021. As consideration for the Portfolio, the Company paid the Funds an aggregate purchase price of 656.5 million. On December 28, 2021, the Company filed Articles of Conversion (and related Articles of Incorporation) with the Maryland Department of Assessments and Taxation in order to effectuate the Corporate Conversion. In accordance with the Articles of Conversion and Maryland law, the Corporate Conversion became effective as of 12:01 a.m. on January 1, 2022 and, as result of the Corporate Conversion, each share representing a portion of the membership interests of the Company prior to the effective time of the Corporate Conversion was automatically converted into one share of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company. In connection with the Corporate Conversion the Company changed its name from MSD Investment, LLC to MSD Investment Corp. On December 29, 2021, the Company filed a Form N-54A to elect to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. 
 We have elected to be treated as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Subchapter M of the Code for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a BDC and a RIC, we will be required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. 
 The Company s investment objective is to invest in a broad range of portfolio companies, primarily through senior secured loans and notes where we believe the probability of losses are limited and the opportunity to generate attractive risk adjusted returns is maximized. The Adviser (as defined below) expects to execute this strategy by continuing its long history of leveraging its network to source and diligence what it believes to be attractive opportunities across a broad range of industries. The strategy will be executed by a team of experienced investment professionals who have more than a 20-year history of successfully deploying capital in both liquid and illiquid investments. 
 Recent COVID-19 Developments 
 We have been closely monitoring, and will continue to monitor, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (including new variants of COVID-19) on all aspects of our business, including how it will impact our portfolio companies, employees, due diligence and underwriting processes, and financial markets. Given the continued fluidity of the pandemic, we cannot estimate the long-term impact of COVID-19 on our business, future results of operations, financial position or cash flows at this time. Further, the operational and financial performance of the portfolio companies in which we make investments may be significantly impacted by COVID-19, which may in turn impact the valuation of our investments. The COVID-19 pandemic and preventative measures taken to contain or mitigate its spread have caused, and are continuing to cause, business shutdowns, cancellations of events and restrictions on travel, significant reductions in demand for certain goods and services, reductions in business activity and financial transactions, supply chain disruptions, labor difficulties and shortages, commodity inflation and elements of economic and financial market instability in the United States and globally. Such effects will likely continue for the duration of the pandemic, which is uncertain, and for some period thereafter. 
 Russian Invasion of Ukraine 
 Russia s invasion of Ukraine, and corresponding events in late February 2022, have had, and could continue to have, severe adverse effects on regional and global economic markets. Following Russia s actions, various governments, including the United States, have issued broad-ranging economic sanctions against Russia, including, among other actions, a prohibition on doing business with certain Russian companies, large financial institutions, officials and oligarchs; a commitment by certain countries and the European Union to remove selected Russian banks from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications, the electronic banking network that connects banks globally; and restrictive measures to prevent the Russian Central Bank from undermining the impact of the sanctions. The current sanctions and the potential for future sanctions, and other actions, and Russia s retaliatory responses to those sanctions and actions, may continue to adversely impact the Russian economy and may result in the further decline of the value and liquidity of Russian securities, a continued weakening of the ruble, exchange closures and may have other adverse consequences on the Russian economy that could impact the value of Russian investments and impair the ability of the Company to buy, sell, receive, or deliver those securities. Moreover, those events have, and could continue to have, an adverse effect on global markets performance and liquidity, thereby negatively affecting the value of the Company s investments beyond any direct exposure to Russian issuers. The duration of ongoing hostilities and the vast array of sanctions and related events cannot be predicted. Those events present material uncertainty and risk with respect to markets globally and the performance of the Company and its investments or operations could be negatively impacted. 
 Economic Developments 
 Economic activity has continued to accelerate across sectors and regions. Nonetheless, we have observed and continue to observe supply chain interruptions, labor resource shortages, commodity inflation, rising interest rates, economic sanctions in response to international conflicts and instances of geopolitical, economic and financial market instability in the United States and abroad. One or more of these factors may contribute to increased market volatility and may have long- and short-term effects in the United States and worldwide financial markets. 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Financial and Operating Highlights 
 The following table presents financial and operating highlights (i) as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and (ii) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Period Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

Average net assets 
 
 365,431 

301,998 

Average borrowings 
 
 482,333 

410,000 

Cost of investments purchased 
 
 585,382 

692,134 

Sales of investments 
 
 77,659 

Principal repayments 
 
 185,213 

2,454 

Net investment income 
 
 39,352 

294 

Net realized gains (losses) 
 
 3,523 

79 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 
 
 (51,283) 

1,625 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 
 (8,408) 

1,998 

Net investment income per share - basic and diluted 
 
 2.70 

0.02 

Earnings per share - basic and diluted 
 
 (0.58) 

0.17 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

Portfolio and Investment Activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table presents our portfolio company activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Period Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

Portfolio companies at beginning of period 

30 

Number of added portfolio companies 

20 

30 

Number of exited portfolio companies 

(9) 

Portfolio companies at period end 

41 

30 

Number of debt investments period end 

52 

34 

Number of preferred equity investments at period end 

1 

1 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

The following table presents a roll-forward of all investment purchase, sale and repayment activity and changes in fair value, within our investment portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

First Lien Debt 

Second Lien Debt 

Unsecured Debt 

Preferred Equity 

Total Investments 

Fair value, beginning of year 
 
 486,044 

145,396 

36,220 

24,697 

692,357 

Purchase of investments 
 
 467,393 

117,989 

585,382 

Proceeds from principal repayments and sales of investments 
 
 (188,494) 

(37,763) 

(36,616) 

(262,873) 

Other changes in fair value (1) 
 
 (16,398) 

(14,696) 

396 

(2,430) 

(33,128) 

Fair value, end of year 
 
 748,545 

210,926 

22,267 

981,738 

(1) Other changes in fair value includes changes resulting from realized and unrealized gains and losses, amortization/accretion and increases from PIK income. 

Period Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

First Lien Debt 

Second Lien Debt 

Unsecured Debt 

Preferred Equity 

Total Investments 

Fair value, beginning of period 

Purchase of investments 
 
 486,890 

144,970 

36,120 

24,233 

692,213 

Proceeds from principal repayments and sales of investments 
 
 (2,336) 

(118) 

(2,454) 

Other changes in fair value (2) 
 
 1,490 

544 

100 

464 

2,598 

Fair value, end of period 
 
 486,044 

145,396 

36,220 

24,697 

692,357 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

(2) Other changes in fair value includes changes resulting from realized and unrealized gains and losses, amortization/accretion and increases from PIK income. 

28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The following table presents selected information regarding our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

As of 

December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Investments: 

Number of portfolio companies 
 
 41 

30 

Number of investments 
 
 53 

35 

Average investment at fair value 
 
 18,523 

19,782 

Average cost of debt investments as a percentage of par (1) 
 
 97.88 

98.15 

Debt investments on non-accrual status as a percent of amortized cost of total debt investments 
 
 1.10 

0.00 

Debt investments on non-accrual status as a percent of fair value of total debt investments 
 
 0.40 

0.00 

Number of debt investments on non-accrual status 
 
 1 

Weighted Average Net Debt Through Tranche 
 4.6x 

4.1x 

Weighted Average Interest Rate Coverage 
 3.5x 

2.3x 

Percentage of Sponsored Investments 
 
 83.20 

64.85 

Floating interest rate debt investments: 

Percent of debt portfolio (2) 
 
 87.7 

80.9 

Weighted average interest rate floors 
 
 0.70 

0.62 

Weighted average coupon spread to base interest rate 
 
 674 
 
 bps 

681 
 
 bps 

Weighted average effective yield on floating rate debt investments at amortized cost (3) 
 
 11.68 

8.19 

Fixed interest debt investments: 

Percent of debt portfolio (2) 
 
 12.3 

19.1 

Weighted average coupon rate 
 
 9.43 

9.56 

Weighted average effective yield on fixed rate debt investments at amortized cost (3) 
 
 10.38 

9.02 

Other Metrics: 

Weighted average years to maturity on debt investments (4) 
 
 4.23 
 
 years 

6.85 
 
 years 

Weighted average effective yield on the portfolio at amortized cost (3) 
 
 11.54 

8.53 

(1) Calculated as amortized cost of all debt investments divided by the par value of all debt investments. 

(2) Percent is calculated as a percentage of fair value of total debt investments. 

(3) Weighted average effective yield is calculated as the effective yield of each investment and weighted by its amortized cost as compared to the aggregate amortized cost of all investments, regardless of whether they are income producing. 

(4) As of December 31, 2021 weighted average years to maturity on debt investments included the Company's one preferred equity investment in the calculation. If this investment had been excluded the weighted average years to maturity on debt investments as of December 31, 2021 would have been 4.13 years. 

The following table presents the maturity schedule of our funded debt investments based on their principal amount as of: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Maturity Year 
 
 Principal Amount 

Percentage of Debt Portfolio 

Principal Amount 

Percentage of Debt Portfolio 

2023 

15,109 

1.5 

51,223 

7.6 

2024 

72,098 

7.0 

153,485 

22.5 

2025 

238,222 

23.3 

150,967 

22.2 

2026 

135,865 

13.3 

129,930 

19.2 

2027 

72,435 

7.1 

88,694 

13.1 

2028 

259,567 

25.3 

30,190 

4.5 

2029 

195,923 

19.1 

73,750 

10.9 

2030 

35,000 

3.4 

1,024,219 

100.0 

678,239 

100.0 

We utilize an investment rating system to monitor the credit profile of our underlying portfolio companies. We use a five-level ratings scale to classify individual investments. 
 Investment Rating 1 - Investment is performing materially above expectations. 

Investment Rating 2 - Investment is performing above expectations. 

Investment Rating 3 - Investment is performing materially in-line with expectations. All new loans received a rating of 3 at initial investment. 

Investment Rating 4 - Investment is performing materially below expectations. Investments with a rating of 4 receive more frequent attention from our team as the risks of impairment have increased substantially since investment. Loss of principal is not expected, however there may be lost interest. 

Investment Rating 5 - Investment is performing materially below expectations and there is a high probability of impairment. Loss of principal and interest is probable. 

29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The following tables show the investment rankings of the debt investments in our portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

As of December 31, 2022 

Risk Rating 
 
 Fair Value 

of Portfolio 

# of Investments 

1 

0.0 

2 

116,109 

11.8 

7 

3 

859,792 

87.6 

44 

4 

5,837 

0.6 

2 

5 

0.0 

981,738 

100.0 

53 

As of December 31, 2021 

Risk Rating 
 
 Fair Value 

of Portfolio 

# of Investments 

1 

0.0 

2 

0.0 

3 

692,357 

100.0 

35 

4 

0.0 

5 

0.0 

692,357 

100.0 

35 

Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenues primarily in the form of interest on the debt securities of portfolio companies that we acquire and hold for investment purposes. Our investments in debt securities generally have expected maturities of two to eight years, although we have no lower or upper constraint on maturity, and typically earn interest at floating and fixed interest rates. Interest on our debt securities is generally payable to us monthly, quarterly or semi-annually. The outstanding principal amount of our debt securities and any accrued but unpaid interest will generally become due at the respective maturity dates. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of dividends from preferred and common equity investments, amortization of original issue discount, prepayment fees, commitment fees, origination fees and fees for providing significant managerial assistance. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses include a management fee and, depending on our operating results, a performance-based incentive fee, interest expense, administrative services, custodian and accounting services and other third-party professional services fees and expenses. The management and performance-based incentive fees compensate the Adviser for its services in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing and monitoring our investments. 
 Operating Results for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021 are presented below: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Period Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

Total investment income 
 
 80,568 

1,739 

Total expenses 
 
 41,216 

1,445 

Net investment income 
 
 39,352 

294 

Net realized gain (loss) 
 
 3,523 

79 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 
 
 (51,283) 

1,625 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 
 (8,408) 

1,998 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

Investment Income 
 Investment income consisted of the following components for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Period Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

Interest income on debt securities 

Cash interest 

63,517 

1,439 

PIK interest 

9,064 

79 

Net accretion/amortization of discounts/premiums 

4,198 

79 

Total interest on debt securities 

76,779 

1,597 

PIK dividend 

3,488 

98 

Total interest and dividend income 

80,267 

1,695 

Other income 

301 

44 

Total investment income 

80,568 

1,739 

Average investments at cost (2) 

834,940 

671,913 

Income return (3) 

9.61 

0.25 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

(2) Average investments at cost is calculated as the simple average of the total investments at amortized cost at the beginning and end of the period. 

(3) Income return is calculated as total interest and dividend income for the period divided by Average Investments at cost. 

30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses can be categorized into fixed operating expenses, variable operating expenses and performance-dependent expenses. Fixed operating expenses are generally static period over period. Variable expenses are calculated based on fund metrics such as total assets, net assets or total borrowings. Performance-dependent expenses fluctuate independent of our size. 
 The table below shows a breakdown of our operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Period Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

Fixed Operating Expenses 

Professional fees (2) 

1,023 

336 

Board of directors' fees 

290 

11 

General and other expenses 

90 

77 

Organization and offering costs (3) 

434 

121 

Total fixed operating expenses 

1,837 

545 

Variable operating expenses: 

Interest expense (4) 

24,152 

388 

Management fees 

6,327 

155 

Administrative expense (5) 

1,958 

26 

Custody expense 

246 

19 

Transfer agency fees 

52 

Total variable operating expenses 

32,735 

588 

Performance-dependent expenses: 

Income based incentive fee 

6,900 

56 

Capital gains incentive fee 

(256) 

256 

Total performance-dependent expenses 

6,644 

312 

Total expenses 

41,216 

1,445 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

(2) Professional fees includes the expenses for third-party service providers such as internal and independent auditors, tax return preparer and tax consultant, third-party investment valuation firms, and fund legal counsel. 

(3) Organization and offering costs are associated with the initial formation, setup and distribution of the Company and may not be recurring. 

(4) The composition of our interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021 is described more fully in Note 7. Borrowings of our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

(5) Administrative services include the expenses for third-party services providers such as fund accountant, fund sub-administrator, and independent pricing services. Additionally, administrative expense includes costs reimbursable to the Administrator according to the terms of the administration agreement. 

Net Realized and Unrealized Gains 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 our net realized gain was 3.5 million and our net change in unrealized depreciation was 51.3 million. For the period ended December 31, 2021 our net realized gain was 0.1 million and our net change in unrealized appreciation was 1.6 million. 
 The following table presents the significant drivers of realized gains (losses) of non-controlled/non-affiliated investments for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Investments 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Kaman Corp. 

2,631 

Murchison Oil and Gas - Last Out Term Loan 

944 

Vistajet Malta Finance PLC 

604 

Guitar Center Inc. 

(885) 

Mallinckrodt International Financing SA 

(1,230) 

Other 

(79) 

Realized gains (losses) of non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

1,985 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. The Company s comprehensive accounting policies are described more fully in Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. We have identified Basis of Presentation , Valuation of Investments , and Revenue Recognition within Note 2 as critical accounting policies. 
 Valuation of Portfolio Investments and Net Asset Value of Shares 
 The Board, with the assistance of the Audit Committee, and in some cases an independent valuation firm, will determine the fair value of the Company s assets on at least a quarterly basis, in accordance with ASC Topic 820. The Audit Committee is comprised of the Independent Directors. 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Under procedures established by the Board, the Company intends to value investments for which market quotations are readily available at such market quotations. Assets listed on an exchange will be valued at their last sales prices as reported to the consolidated quotation service at 4:00 p.m. eastern time on the date of determination. If no such sales of such securities occurred, such securities will be valued at the bid price as reported by an independent, third-party pricing service on the date of determination. Debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available will be valued at fair value. Such determination of fair values may involve subjective judgments and estimates. The Company will also engage independent valuation providers to assist in the valuation of each investment that constitutes a material portion of the Company s portfolio and that does not have a readily available market quotation at least once annually. With respect to unquoted securities, the Adviser, together with any independent valuation advisers and the Audit Committee will recommend fair values to the Board for their ultimate determination. Elements that could be used to determine the fair value of an investment include, among other measures, discounted cash flow models, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public and other factors. The types of factors that may be considered in determining the fair values of investments include, but are not limited to, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings. The Company may appoint additional or different independent valuation firms in the future. 
 When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs with respect to a fair-valued portfolio company or comparable company, the Board will use the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate and/or assist the Company in the valuation of such portfolio company. Because the Company expects that there will not be readily available market quotations for many of the investments in its portfolio, the Company expects to value many of its investments at fair value as determined in good faith by the board of directors using a documented valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the Company s investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had readily available market quotations existed for such investments, and the differences could be material. 
 On a quarterly basis, with respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, the Adviser will undertake a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 
 Securities for which no such market prices are readily available or reliable will be reviewed as part of the valuation process and preliminarily fair valued based on our estimate, or an independent third party's estimate, of the fair value as of the date of determination, and provided to the Adviser's valuation committee; 

Preliminary valuation conclusions are documented and discussed with the Adviser's valuation committee; 

Agreed upon valuation recommendations are presented to the audit committee of the board of directors; 

At least once annually, the valuation for each investment that constitutes a material portion of the Company's portfolio and that does not have readily available market quotation will be reviewed by an independent valuation firm; and 

The Board will then discuss valuations and determine the fair value of each investment in the Company's portfolio in good faith, based on the input of the Adviser, the respective independent valuation firms and the audit committee. 

All values assigned to securities and other assets by the board of directors will be binding on all Company investors. When pricing of the Company s Shares is necessary outside of the normal quarterly process, the Adviser will, among other things, review whether, to its knowledge, significant events have occurred since the last quarterly valuation which might affect the fair value of any of the Company s portfolio securities. 
 The ranges of unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of our investments classified as Level 3 fair valued as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, are presented in Note 6. Fair Value Measurements in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 In addition to impacting the fair value recorded for our investments on our consolidated statement of assets and liabilities, had we used different key unobservable inputs to determine the fair value of our investments, amounts recorded in our consolidated statement of operations, including the net change in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on investments, management and performance-based incentive fees would also be impacted. The table below outlines the impact on our results of a 5 increase in the fair value of our Level 3 investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Period Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

Fair value of level 3 investments at the end of the period 

712,113 

427,306 

Fair value assuming a 5 increase in value 

747,719 

448,671 

Increase in unrealized appreciation 

35,606 

21,365 

(Increase) in management fees 

(67) 

(5) 

(Increase) in capital gains incentive fees (2) 

(5,340) 

(3,205) 

Increase in net assets resulting from operations 

30,199 

18,155 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

14,575,572 

12,000,000 

Shares outstanding at the end of the period 

22,126,135 

12,000,000 

Increase in earnings per share 

2.07 

1.51 

Increase in net assets per share 

1.36 

1.51 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

(2) Increase in capital gains incentive fee is calculated as 15 of the increase in unrealized appreciation. 

Determination of Net Asset Value 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Board will determine the NAV of the shares at least quarterly. The NAV per share is equal to the value of the Company s total assets minus its liabilities and the liquidation value of any preferred shares outstanding divided by the total number of shares outstanding. Additionally, in connection with each offering of shares, to the extent the Company does not have Shareholder approval to sell below NAV, the Board or an authorized committee thereof will be required to make a good faith determination that the Company is not selling shares at a price below the then current NAV of the shares at the time at which the sale is made. 
 The value of investments for which recent market quotations are readily available will be the market price. The Board will be responsible for determining the fair value of the portfolio investments for which market prices are not readily available in good faith, and in such other instances where portfolio investments require a fair value determination. Because the Company expects that there typically will not be a readily available market price for its target portfolio investments, the Company expects that the value of most of its portfolio investments will be their fair value as determined by the Board consistent with a documented valuation policy and consistently applied valuation process. In making these determinations, the Board will receive input from the Adviser, an independent valuation firm and the Audit Committee. 
 Hedging 
 The Company may enter into currency hedging contracts, interest rate hedging agreements such as futures, options, swaps and forward contracts, and credit hedging contracts, such as credit default swaps. As of December 31, 2022 the Company had entered into foreign currency forward contracts in order to hedge its economic exposure to certain foreign currencies in which its investments were denominated (see Note 5. Derivative Instruments ). However, no assurance can be given that such hedging transactions will be effective. 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary sources of cash and cash equivalents may include: (i) the sale of our Shares, (ii) borrowings under various financing arrangements, (iii) cash flows from interest, dividends and transaction fees earned from investment in portfolio companies and (iv) principal repayments and sale proceeds from our investments. 
 Our primary uses of cash will be for (i) investments in portfolio companies and other investments to comply with certain portfolio diversification requirements, (ii) the cost of operations (including paying the Adviser), (iii) debt service of any borrowings, and (iv) cash distributions to our Shareholders. 
 Liquidity 
 The tables below present a summary of our liquidity position as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Cash and cash equivalents 

36,616 

12,203 

Unused borrowing capacity 

148,000 

190,000 

Principal receivable 

16,523 

2,454 

Unfunded investment commitments (1) 

(25,253) 

(19,136) 

Other net working capital (2) 

(26,339) 

(403) 

149,547 

185,118 

(1) For a comprehensive list of our unfunded investment commitments see the footnotes to our consolidated schedule of investments included in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

(2) Other networking capital is interest receivable less all liabilities exclusive of debt. 

Capital Resources 
 We may from time to time enter into additional credit facilities and borrowing arrangements to increase the amount of our borrowings as our called equity capital increases. Accordingly, we cannot predict with certainty what terms any such financing would have or the costs we would incur in connection with any such financing arrangements. We are currently required to maintain a minimum asset coverage ratio (total assets-to-senior securities) of 150 under the 1940 Act. 
 The table below summarizes certain financing obligations that are expected to have an impact on our liquidity and cash flow in specified future interval periods: 

Payments Due by Period 

Total 

Less than 1 year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

After 5 years 

SPV I Facility 

392,000 

392,000 

Subscription Facility 

145,000 

145,000 

Total Contractual Obligations 

537,000 

145,000 

392,000 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Valuation Risk 
 We have invested, and plan to continue to invest, primarily in illiquid debt and equity securities of private companies. Most of our investments will not have a readily available market price, and therefore, we will value these investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our Board, based on, among other things, the input of the Adviser, our Audit Committee and independent third-party valuation firm(s) engaged at the direction of the Board, and in accordance with our valuation policy. There is no single standard for determining fair value. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types of investments we make. If 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we may realize amounts that are different from the amounts presented and such differences could be material. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We will be subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, 87.7 of our debt investments (85.7 of our total investments), or 841.8 million measured at fair value, are subject to floating interest rates. Additionally, both of the SPV I Facility and the Subscription Facility are also subject to floating interest rates. A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to (i) higher interest income from our floating rate debt investments, (ii) value declines for fixed interest rate investments we may hold and (iii) higher interest expense in connection with our credit facilities. Since the majority of our investments consist of floating rating investments, an increase in interest rates could also make it more difficult for borrowers to repay their loans, and a rise in interest rates may also make it easier for the Adviser to meet or exceed the quarterly threshold for Income-Based Fee as described in Note 3. Agreements and Related Party Transactions . 
 The following table estimates the potential changes in net cash flow generated from interest income and expenses, should interest rates increase by 100, 200 or 300 basis points, or decrease by 100 or 200 basis points. Interest income is calculated as revenue from interest generated from our portfolio of investments held on December 31, 2022. Interest expense is calculated based on the terms of the Financing Facility, using the outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022. The base interest rate case assumes the rates on our portfolio investments remain unchanged from the actual effective interest rates as of December 31, 2022. These hypothetical calculations are based on a model of the investments in our portfolio, held as of December 31, 2022, and are only adjusted for assumed changes in the underlying base interest rates. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimated in the table. 

Change in Interest Rates 
 
 Interest Income 

Interest Expense 

Net Income 

Up 300 basis points 

28,882 

(17,274) 

11,608 

Up 200 basis points 

19,998 

(11,904) 

8,094 

Up 100 basis points 

11,115 

(6,534) 

4,581 

Down 100 basis points 

(6,652) 

4,206 

(2,446) 

Down 200 basis points 

(15,535) 

9,576 

(5,959) 

Currency Risk 
 From time to time, we may make investments that are denominated in a foreign currency. These investments are translated into U.S. dollars at each balance sheet date, exposing us to movements in foreign exchange rates. We have employed and may continue employ hedging techniques to minimize these risks, but we cannot assure you that such strategies will be effective or without risk to us. We may seek to utilize instruments such as, but not limited to, forward contracts to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates. We also have the ability to borrow in certain foreign currencies under our credit facilities. Instead of entering into a foreign currency forward contract in connection with loans or other investments we have made that are denominated in a foreign currency, we may borrow in that currency to establish a natural hedge against our loan or investment. To the extent the loan or investment is based on a floating rate other than a rate under which we can borrow under our credit facilities, we may seek to utilize interest rate derivatives to hedge our exposure to changes in the associated rate. 
 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of MSD Investment Corp. 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Highlights 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of assets and liabilities of MSD Investment Corp. and subsidiary (the Company ), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, cash flows, and the consolidated financial highlights (in Note 12) for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the period from December 21, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements and financial highlights ). In our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets, its cash flows, and the financial highlights for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the period from December 21, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements and financial highlights are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements and financial highlights based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements and financial highlights are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements and financial highlights, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements and financial highlights. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements and financial highlights. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian, loan agents, and borrowers; when replies were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MSD Investment Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments, at fair value (1) 
 
 981,738 

692,357 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 36,616 

12,203 

Restricted cash 
 
 4,320 

Interest receivable 
 
 6,803 

3,970 

Principal receivable 
 
 16,523 

2,454 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 
 1,077 

308 

Total assets 
 
 1,047,077 

711,292 

LIABILITIES 

SPV I facility 
 
 392,000 

220,000 

Subscription facility 
 
 145,000 

190,000 

Deferred financing costs net of accumulated amortization 
 
 (4,911) 

(5,079) 

Total debt, net of financing costs 
 
 532,089 

404,921 

Payable for investments purchased 
 
 24,729 

Interest payable 
 
 6,157 

341 

Financing costs payable 
 
 1,194 

2,736 

Accrued professional fees 
 
 350 

336 

Unrealized depreciation on forward contracts 
 
 336 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 
 234 

122 

Management fees payable 
 
 83 

155 

Income based incentive fee payable 
 
 59 

56 

Due to affiliates 

371 

Capital gains incentive fee payable 

256 

Total liabilities 
 
 565,231 

409,294 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 

NET ASSETS 

Common stock, par value 0.001 (100,000,000 shares authorized, 22,126,135 and 12,000,000 shares issued and outstanding, respectively) 
 
 22 

12 

Paid-in capital in excess of par value 
 
 535,300 

299,988 

Distributable earnings (accumulated losses) 
 
 (53,476) 

1,998 

Total net assets 
 
 481,846 

301,998 

Net asset value per share 
 
 21.78 

25.17 

(1) Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments at amortized cost 1,031,067 and 690,732 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MSD Investment Corp. 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Period Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

Investment income: 

From non-controlled/non-affiliated investments: 

Interest income 
 
 67,715 

1,518 

Payment-in-kind interest income 
 
 9,064 

98 

Payment-in-kind dividend income 
 
 3,488 

79 

Other income 
 
 301 

44 

Total investment income 
 
 80,568 

1,739 

Expenses: 

Interest expense 
 
 24,152 

388 

Income based incentive fee 
 
 6,900 

56 

Management fees 
 
 6,327 

155 

Administration expense 
 
 1,958 

26 

Professional fees 
 
 1,023 

336 

Organization and offering costs 
 
 434 

121 

Board of directors fee 
 
 290 

11 

Custody expense 
 
 246 

19 

General and other expenses 
 
 90 

77 

Transfer agency fees 
 
 52 

Capital gains incentive fee 
 
 (256) 

256 

Total expenses 
 
 41,216 

1,445 

Net investment income (loss) 
 
 39,352 

294 

Realized and unrealized gain (loss): 

Net realized gains (losses): 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 
 
 1,985 

79 

Foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 1,653 

Foreign currency transactions 
 
 (115) 

Net realized gain (loss) 
 
 3,523 

79 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation): 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 
 
 (50,953) 

1,625 

Foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 (336) 

Foreign currency transactions 
 
 6 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 
 
 (51,283) 

1,625 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 
 
 (47,760) 

1,704 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 
 (8,408) 

1,998 

Per share information - basic and diluted 

Net investment income (loss) per share (basic and diluted) 
 
 2.70 

0.02 

Earnings per share (basic and diluted) 
 
 (0.58) 

0.17 

Distributions declared per share 
 
 2.88 

Weighted average shares outstanding (basic and diluted) 
 
 14,575,572 

12,000,000 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MSD Investment Corp. 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in N et Assets 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Accumulated Earnings 

Common Shares 

Paid-in-Capital in 

(Loss), net of 

Total 

Shares 

Par Value 

Excess of Par Value 

Distributions 

Net Assets 

Balance, December 21, 2021 (1) 

Operations: 

Net investment income 

294 

294 

Net realized gain 

79 

79 

Net unrealized appreciation 

1,625 

1,625 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions 

1,998 

1,998 

Capital Share Transactions: 

Issuance of units 
 
 12,000,000 

12 

299,988 

300,000 

Net increase (decrease) for the period 
 
 12,000,000 

12 

299,988 

1,998 

301,998 

Balance, December 31, 2021 (2) 
 
 12,000,000 

12 

299,988 

1,998 

301,998 

Operations: 

Net investment income 

39,352 

39,352 

Net realized gain (loss) 

3,523 

3,523 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

(51,283) 

(51,283) 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

(8,408) 

(8,408) 

Shareholder distributions: 

Distributions to shareholders 

(44,967) 

(44,967) 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions 

(44,967) 

(44,967) 

Capital Share Transactions: 

Common shares issued from reinvestment of distributions 
 
 1,838,162 

2 

43,221 

43,223 

Issuance of shares 
 
 8,287,973 

8 

189,992 

190,000 

Tax reclassification of shareholders' equity in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

2,099 

(2,099) 

Net increase (decrease) for the year 
 
 10,126,135 

10 

235,312 

(55,474) 

179,848 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 22,126,135 

22 

535,300 

(53,476) 

481,846 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

(2) The Company converted from MSD Investment, LLC to MSD Investment Corp. on January 1, 2022. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MSD Investment Corp. 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flo ws 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Period Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

Cash flow from operating activities 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

(8,408) 

1,998 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash used in operating activities: 

Accrued interest and dividends received in-kind 

(11,642) 

(887) 

Net accretion of discount and amortization of premium 

(4,198) 

(86) 

Proceeds from sale of investments and principal repayments 

262,873 

2,454 

Purchases of investments 

(585,382) 

(681,483) 

Net realized (gains) losses on investments 

(1,985) 

(79) 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 

50,953 

(1,625) 

Net receipt of settlement of derivatives 

1,653 

Net realized (gains) losses on derivatives 

(1,653) 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on foreign currency forward contracts 

336 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

1,541 

48 

(Increase) decrease in operating assets: 

Interest receivable 

(2,833) 

(3,970) 

Principal receivable 

(14,069) 

(2,454) 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

(769) 

(308) 

Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities: 

Due to affiliates 

(371) 

371 

Payable for investments purchased 

24,729 

Management fees payable 

(72) 

155 

Income based incentive fee payable 

3 

56 

Capital gains incentive fee payable 

(256) 

256 

Interest payable 

5,816 

341 

Accrued professional fees 

14 

336 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

112 

122 

Net cash provided (used in) by operating activities 

(283,608) 

(684,755) 

Cash flow from financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of shares 

190,000 

289,349 

Debt borrowings 

327,000 

410,000 

Debt repayments 

(200,000) 

Distributions paid 

(1,744) 

Deferred financing costs paid 

(2,915) 

(2,391) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

312,341 

696,958 

Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

28,733 

12,203 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period 

12,203 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 

40,936 

12,203 

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents 

36,616 

12,203 

Restricted cash 

4,320 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

40,936 

12,203 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information and non-cash financing activities 

Cash paid for interest 

16,796 

Reinvestment of shareholder distributions 

43,223 

Financing cost payable 

54 

2,736 

Contribution in exchange for share issuance 

10,651 

Offering cost payable 

258 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MSD Investment Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Investments (1)(2)(3) 
 Footnotes 
 
 Reference Rate and Spread (4) 
 
 Interest Rate Floor 
 
 Interest Rate (5) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Par Amount / Shares (6) 

Cost (7) 

Fair Value 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Investments - non-controlled/non-affiliated 

First Lien Debt 

Aerospace Defense 

Chromalloy Holdings LLC 
 (8) 
 
 S + 7.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 11.32 
 
 11/23/2028 

50,000 

48,025 

48,027 

9.97 

Chromalloy Holdings LLC - Revolving Credit Facility 
 (8)(9)(12) 
 
 S + 7.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 11.32 
 
 11/23/2027 

(181) 

(182) 

(0.04) 

Systems Planning and Analysis, Inc. 
 (8)(15) 
 
 S + 6.15 
 
 1.00 
 
 10.94 
 
 8/16/2027 

10,823 

10,637 

10,433 

2.17 

Systems Planning and Analysis, Inc. - Revolving Credit Facility 
 (8)(9)(12)(15) 
 
 S + 6.15 
 
 1.00 
 
 10.74 
 
 8/16/2027 

(51) 

(113) 

(0.02) 

Systems Planning and Analysis, Inc. - Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 (8)(9)(12)(15) 
 
 S + 6.15 
 
 0.00 
 
 10.94 
 
 8/16/2027 

2,011 

1,956 

1,805 

0.37 

The Nordam Group Inc. 

L + 5.50 
 
 0.00 
 
 9.94 
 
 4/9/2026 

11,767 

10,491 

9,119 

1.89 

70,877 

69,089 

14.34 

Automobile 

McLaren Finance PLC 
 UK(10)(11) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 7.50 
 
 8/1/2026 

2,689 

2,717 

1,984 

0.41 

Beverage, Food Tobacco 

LJ Perimeter Buyer, Inc. 
 (8) 
 
 S + 6.65 
 
 1.00 
 
 10.74 
 
 10/31/2028 

19,462 

18,888 

18,902 

3.92 

LJ Perimeter Buyer, Inc. - Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 (8)(9)(12) 
 
 S + 6.65 
 
 1.00 
 
 11.24 
 
 10/31/2028 

(78) 

(76) 

(0.01) 

18,810 

18,826 

3.91 

Capital Equipment 

Faraday Buyer, LLC 
 (8) 
 
 S + 7.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 11.32 
 
 10/10/2028 

34,833 

33,812 

33,817 

7.02 

Faraday Buyer, LLC - Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 (8)(9)(12) 
 
 S + 7.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 11.32 
 
 10/11/2028 

(44) 

(45) 

(0.01) 

Trillium FlowControl 
 LU(8)(10)(11) 
 
 S + 5.61 
 
 1.00 
 
 9.94 
 
 6/28/2026 

17,910 

17,744 

16,919 

3.51 

51,512 

50,691 

10.52 

Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 

Dubois Chemicals Group Inc. 
 (8) 
 
 S + 4.50 
 
 0.00 
 
 8.92 
 
 9/30/2026 

2,754 

2,745 

2,588 

0.53 

Hexion Holdings Corporation 

S + 4.65 
 
 0.50 
 
 8.93 
 
 3/15/2029 

9,950 

9,224 

8,517 

1.77 

11,969 

11,105 

2.30 

Energy: Oil Gas 

CITGO Holdings Inc. 
 (9) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 9.25 
 
 8/1/2024 

26,051 

25,640 

26,155 

5.43 

CITGO Petroleum Corp. 

N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 6.38 
 
 6/15/2026 

2,121 

2,156 

2,036 

0.42 

Saturn Oil and Gas Inc. 
 CN(8)(10)(11) 
 
 C + 11.50 
 
 1.00 
 
 16.36 
 
 7/6/2025 

CAD 56,817 

43,486 

40,861 

8.48 

71,282 

69,052 

14.33 

Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 

Bayer Environmental Services 

S + 4.38 
 
 0.50 
 
 7.97 
 
 8/4/2029 

20,000 

18,422 

18,185 

3.77 

Charlotte Buyer, Inc. 

S + 5.25 
 
 0.00 
 
 9.53 
 
 2/11/2028 

33,333 

31,119 

31,514 

6.54 

Mallinckrodt International Financing SA 
 LU(10)(11) 
 
 L + 5.25 
 
 0.75 
 
 9.99 
 
 9/30/2027 

2,676 

2,525 

2,012 

0.42 

Natural Partners, Inc. 
 (8) 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 9.57 
 
 3/15/2028 

38,149 

37,481 

36,874 

7.65 

Natural Partners, Inc. - Revolving Credit Facility 
 (8)(9)(12) 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 11.14 
 
 3/15/2028 

(48) 

(94) 

(0.02) 

89,499 

88,491 

18.36 

High Tech Industries 

Watchguard Technologies, Inc. 

S + 5.25 
 
 0.75 
 
 9.57 
 
 7/2/2029 

34,913 

32,717 

33,272 

6.91 

Hotel, Gaming Leisure 

Chuck E. Cheese 

N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 6.75 
 
 5/1/2026 

17,534 

16,385 

16,263 

3.38 

TouchTunes 
 (8) 
 
 S + 5.25 
 
 0.50 
 
 8.98 
 
 4/2/2029 

29,925 

29,644 

29,102 

6.04 

Viad Corp. 
 (11) 
 
 L + 5.00 
 
 0.50 
 
 9.38 
 
 7/30/2028 

4,369 

4,359 

4,107 

0.85 

50,388 

49,472 

10.27 

40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MSD Investment Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Investments (1)(2)(3) 
 Footnotes 
 
 Reference Rate and Spread (4) 
 
 Interest Rate Floor 
 
 Interest Rate (5) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Par Amount / Shares (6) 

Cost (7) 

Fair Value 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 

Patientpoint Network Solutions, LLC 
 (8) 
 
 S + 7.26 
 
 1.00 
 
 11.84 
 
 3/7/2025 

31,931 

31,397 

31,183 

6.47 

Real Betis Balompie SAD - Participation Interest 
 ES(8)(10)(11) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 7.00 
 
 6/5/2025 

13,000 

14,764 

13,917 

2.89 

46,161 

45,100 

9.36 

Media: Diversified Production 

FilmRise Acquisitions, LLC 
 (8)(9) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 13.50 
 
 9/17/2025 

18,086 

18,094 

18,043 

3.75 

Getty Images Inc. 
 (8) 
 
 L + 4.50 
 
 0.00 
 
 8.94 
 
 2/19/2026 

18,902 

18,841 

18,855 

3.91 

Candle Media Co Ltd 
 (8) 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 0.75 
 
 10.38 (Incl 4.00 PIK) 
 
 6/18/2027 

41,687 

40,994 

39,217 

8.14 

Candle Media Co Ltd - Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 (8)(9)(12) 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 0.75 
 
 10.38 (Incl 4.00 PIK) 
 
 6/18/2027 

15,239 

14,998 

14,273 

2.96 

92,927 

90,388 

18.76 

Metals Mining 

Conuma Coal Resources LTD 
 CN(9)(10)(11) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 10.00 
 
 5/1/2023 

3,181 

3,180 

3,153 

0.65 

Retail 

Xponential Fitness LLC 
 (8)(11) 
 
 L + 6.50 
 
 1.00 
 
 10.67 
 
 2/28/2025 

22,759 

22,563 

22,873 

4.75 

Services: Business 

Muine Gall, LLC 
 (8)(9)(11) 
 
 L + 7.00 
 
 0.50 
 
 12.15 PIK 
 
 9/21/2024 

46,047 

46,063 

46,308 

9.61 

Travelport Finance (Luxembourg) S.A.R.L. 
 LU(10)(11) 
 
 S + 8.75 
 
 1.00 
 
 13.48 (Incl 7.25 PIK) 
 
 2/28/2025 

31,346 

31,036 

31,342 

6.50 

77,099 

77,650 

16.11 

Services: Consumer 

CSC Serviceworks 
 (9) 
 
 L + 4.00 
 
 0.75 
 
 8.39 
 
 3/4/2028 

222 

201 

186 

0.04 

Spring Education Group Inc. 

L + 4.00 
 
 0.00 
 
 8.73 
 
 7/30/2025 

46,750 

44,890 

45,540 

9.45 

Vision Purchaser Corp. 
 (8) 
 
 S + 6.40 
 
 1.00 
 
 10.98 
 
 6/10/2025 

28,946 

28,530 

26,989 

5.60 

Vision Purchaser Corp. - Incremental Term Loan 
 (8) 
 
 S + 6.40 
 
 1.00 
 
 10.98 
 
 6/10/2025 

2,523 

2,484 

2,353 

0.49 

76,105 

75,068 

15.58 

Telecommunications 

Innovate Corp. 
 (11) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 8.50 
 
 2/1/2026 

24,000 

24,050 

17,148 

3.56 

Ligado Networks LLC 
 (9)(13) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 15.50 PIK 
 
 11/1/2023 

11,928 

11,071 

3,853 

0.80 

35,121 

21,001 

4.36 

Wholesale 

FleetPride Inc. 
 (8) 
 
 L + 4.50 
 
 0.00 
 
 8.88 
 
 2/4/2026 

21,710 

21,684 

21,330 

4.43 

21,684 

21,330 

4.43 

Total First Lien Debt 

774,611 

748,545 

155.35 

41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MSD Investment Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Investments (1)(2)(3) 
 Footnotes 
 
 Reference Rate and Spread (4) 
 
 Interest Rate Floor 
 
 Interest Rate (5) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Par Amount / Shares (6) 

Cost (7) 

Fair Value 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Second Lien Debt 

Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 

Hexion Holdings Corporation 
 (8)(9) 
 
 S + 7.54 
 
 0.50 
 
 11.86 
 
 3/15/2030 

35,000 

34,091 

27,300 

5.67 

Consumer goods: Non-durable 

Protective Industrial Products Inc. 
 (8) 
 
 L + 8.25 
 
 1.00 
 
 12.63 
 
 12/30/2028 

34,199 

33,415 

31,471 

6.53 

Hotel, Gaming Leisure 

Mohegan Gaming Entertainment 
 (9) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 8.00 
 
 2/1/2026 

16,378 

16,473 

15,150 

3.14 

Services: Business 

DISA Holdings Corp. 
 (8) 
 
 S + 10.00 
 
 0.75 
 
 14.32 
 
 3/9/2029 

14,641 

14,207 

14,207 

2.95 

DISA Holdings Corp. - Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 (8)(9) 
 
 S + 10.00 
 
 0.75 
 
 14.22 
 
 3/9/2029 

2,745 

2,666 

2,664 

0.55 

Trace3 Inc. 
 (8)(9) 
 
 L + 7.50 
 
 0.50 
 
 10.56 
 
 10/8/2029 

33,750 

32,914 

32,068 

6.65 

49,787 

48,939 

10.15 

Services: Consumer 

Midwest Veterinary Partners LLC 
 (8)(9) 
 
 L + 7.50 
 
 0.75 
 
 11.88 
 
 4/26/2029 

50,000 

50,042 

47,027 

9.76 

Southern Veterinary Partners LLC 
 (8)(9) 
 
 S + 7.85 
 
 1.00 
 
 12.17 
 
 10/5/2028 

45,000 

44,038 

40,950 

8.50 

Spring Education Group Inc. 
 (9) 
 
 L + 8.25 
 
 0.00 
 
 13.02 
 
 7/30/2026 

100 

91 

89 

0.02 

94,171 

88,066 

18.28 

Total Second Lien Debt 

227,937 

210,926 

43.77 

Preferred Equity 

Consumer goods: Non-durable 

Protective Industrial Products Inc. - Series A Preferred 
 (8)(9) 

13.00 PIK 

29 

28,519 

22,267 

4.62 

Total Preferred Equity 

28,519 

22,267 

4.62 

Total Investments - non-controlled/non-affiliated 

1,031,067 

981,738 

203.74 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (14) 

36,616 

36,616 

7.60 

Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 

36,616 

36,616 

7.60 

Total Portfolio Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents 

1,067,683 

1,018,354 

211.34 

December 31, 2022 

Derivative Counterparty 
 
 Settlement Date 
 
 Amount Purchased 

Amount Sold 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

of Net Assets 

Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 

Goldman Sachs International 
 
 March 15, 2023 

13,574 

12,688 

(78) 

0.0 

Goldman Sachs International 
 
 March 15, 2023 

43,460 

CAD 59,121 

(252) 

-0.1 

Goldman Sachs International 
 
 March 15, 2023 

CAD 3,151 

2,336 

(6) 

0.0 

(336) 

-0.1 

(1) Security may be an obligation of one or more entities affiliated with the named portfolio company. 

(2) All debt and equity investments are income producing unless otherwise noted. 

(3) All investments are non-controlled/non-affiliated investments as defined by the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act ). The provisions of the 1940 Act classify investments based on the level of control that we maintain in a particular portfolio company. As defined in the 1940 Act, a company is generally presumed to be non-controlled when we own 25 or less of the portfolio company s voting securities and controlled when we own more than 25 of the portfolio company s voting securities. The provisions of the 1940 Act also classify investments further based on the level of ownership that we maintain in a particular portfolio company. As defined in the 1940 Act, a company is generally deemed as non-affiliated when we own less than 5 of a portfolio company s voting securities and affiliated when we own 5 or more of a portfolio company s voting securities. 

(4) Variable rate loans to the portfolio companies are indexed to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR , or LIBO Rate (denoted as L ), Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR (denoted as C or Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR (denoted as S and generally reset periodically. For each loan, the Company has indicated the reference rate used and provided the spread and the interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2022. 

(5) For portfolio companies with multiple interest rate contracts under a single credit agreement, the interest rate shown is a weighted average current interest rate in effect at December 31, 2022. 

42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 (6) Unless noted otherwise, the principal amount (par amount) for all debt securities is denominated in U.S. dollars. Equity investments are recorded as number of shares/shares owned. 

(7) Cost represents amortized cost, inclusive of any capitalized paid-in-kind income PIK ), for debt securities, and cost plus capitalized PIK, if any, for preferred stock. 

(8) These investments were valued using unobservable inputs and are considered Level 3 investments. Fair value was determined in good faith by or under the supervision of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board (see Note 2 and Note 6 ), pursuant to the Company s valuation policy. 

(9) These debt investments are not pledged as collateral under any of the Company's credit facilities. For other debt investments that are pledged to the Company's, as defined below (see Note 7 ), credit facilities, a single investment may be divided into parts that are individually pledged as collateral to our credit facilities. 

(10) The portfolio company is domiciled in a foreign country. The regulatory jurisdiction of security issuance may be a different jurisdiction than the domicile of the portfolio company. Foreign countries include Canada (denoted as CN ), Luxembourg (denoted as LU ), Spain (denoted as ES and the United Kingdom (denoted as UK ). 

(11) The investment is not a qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. The Company may not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time of acquisition, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the Company s total assets. As of December 31, 2022, qualifying assets represented approximately 80.8 of total assets as calculated in accordance with regulatory requirements. 

(12) Position or portion thereof is an unfunded loan commitment, and no interest is being earned on the unfunded portion, although the investment may be subject to unused commitment fees. Negative cost and fair value results from unamortized fees, which are capitalized to the investment cost. See below for more information on the Company s unfunded commitments (all commitments are first lien, unless otherwise noted): 

Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated 
 
 Commitment Type 
 
 Commitment Expiration Date 
 
 Unfunded Commitment 

Fair Value 

First and Second Lien Debt 

Candle Media Co Ltd 
 
 Delayed Draw 
 
 6/18/2027 

1,280 

(63) 

Chromalloy Holdings LLC 
 
 Revolver 
 
 11/23/2027 

4,615 

(182) 

Faraday Buyer, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw 
 
 10/11/2028 

3,167 

(45) 

LJ Perimeter Buyer, Inc 
 
 Delayed Draw 
 
 10/31/2028 

5,538 

(76) 

Natural Partners, Inc. 
 
 Revolver 
 
 3/15/2028 

2,813 

(94) 

Systems Planning and Analysis, Inc. (fka Management Consulting Research LLC) 
 
 Delayed Draw 
 
 8/16/2027 

4,704 

(134) 

Systems Planning and Analysis, Inc. (fka Management Consulting Research LLC) 
 
 Revolver 
 
 8/16/2027 

3,136 

(113) 

Total Unfunded Commitments 

25,253 

(707) 

(13) Investment was on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022, meaning that the Company has ceased recognizing interest income on these investments. As of December 31, 2022, debt investments on non-accrual status represented 1.1 and 0.4 of total investments on an amortized cost basis and fair value basis, respectively. 

(14) Cash and Cash equivalents balance represents amounts held in cash and in the interest-bearing money market fund - Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Fund (FGTXX). As of December 31, 2022, 26,891 was held in FGTXX and had an average one year yield of 1.59 . 

(15) Portfolio company formerly known as (fka) Management Consulting Research LLC. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MSD Investment Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Investments (1)(2)(3) 
 Footnotes 
 
 Reference Rate and Spread (4) 
 
 Interest Rate Floor 
 
 Interest Rate (5) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Par Amount / Shares (6) 

Cost (7) 

Fair Value 

Percentage of Net Assets 

Investments - non-controlled/non-affiliated 

First Lien Debt 

Aerospace Defense 

Management Consulting Research LLC 
 (8) 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 7.00 
 
 8/16/2027 

10,932 

10,714 

10,720 

3.55 

Management Consulting Research LLC - Revolving Credit Facility 
 (8)(9)(12) 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 7.00 
 
 8/16/2027 

(62) 

(61) 

(0.02) 

The Nordam Group Inc. 

L + 5.00 
 
 0.00 
 
 5.63 
 
 4/9/2026 

11,889 

10,293 

10,076 

3.34 

20,945 

20,735 

6.87 

Automobile 

McLaren Finance PLC - Secured Bond 
 UK(10)(11) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 7.50 
 
 8/1/2026 

3,565 

3,611 

3,610 

1.20 

Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 

Dubois Chemicals Group Inc. 
 (8) 
 
 L + 4.50 
 
 0.00 
 
 4.60 
 
 9/30/2026 

2,782 

2,771 

2,775 

0.92 

Kaman Corp. 
 (8) 
 
 L + 5.00 
 
 0.00 
 
 5.10 
 
 8/26/2026 

5,700 

5,672 

5,671 

1.88 

8,443 

8,446 

2.80 

Energy: Oil Gas 

CITGO Holdings Inc. 
 (9) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 9.25 
 
 8/1/2024 

26,051 

25,408 

26,209 

8.68 

CITGO Petroleum Corp. 

N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 6.38 
 
 6/15/2026 

2,121 

2,164 

2,155 

0.71 

Murchison Oil and Gas - First Out Term Loan 
 (8) 
 
 L + 9.00 
 
 2.00 
 
 11.00 
 
 10/26/2023 

2,682 

2,746 

2,682 

0.89 

Murchison Oil and Gas - Last Out Term Loan 
 (8) 
 
 L + 8.00 
 
 2.00 
 
 10.00 
 
 10/26/2023 

38,333 

37,059 

37,060 

12.27 

Saturn Oil and Gas Inc. 
 CN(8)(10)(11) 
 
 C + 11.50 
 
 1.00 
 
 12.50 
 
 6/7/2024 

CAD 42,630 

32,515 

32,905 

10.90 

99,892 

101,011 

33.45 

Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 

Mallinckrodt International Financing SA 
 LU(10)(11) 
 
 L + 5.25 
 
 0.75 
 
 6.00 
 
 9/24/2024 

13,720 

12,859 

12,814 

4.24 

Hotel, Gaming Leisure 

Viad Corp. 
 (11) 
 
 L + 5.00 
 
 0.50 
 
 5.50 
 
 7/30/2028 

4,413 

4,402 

4,399 

1.46 

Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 

Patientpoint Network Solutions, LLC 
 (8) 
 
 L + 7.00 
 
 1.00 
 
 8.00 
 
 3/7/2025 

32,256 

31,507 

31,520 

10.44 

Real Betis Balompie SAD - Participation Interest 
 ES(8)(10)(11) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 7.00 
 
 6/5/2025 

13,000 

14,772 

14,798 

4.90 

46,279 

46,318 

15.34 

Media: Diversified Production 

Getty Images Inc. 

L + 4.50 
 
 0.00 
 
 4.63 
 
 2/19/2026 

34,456 

34,301 

34,463 

11.41 

Candle Media Co Ltd 
 (8) 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 0.75 
 
 6.75 
 
 6/18/2027 

40,000 

39,202 

39,200 

12.98 

Candle Media Co Ltd - Delayed Draw Term Loan 
 (8)(9)(12) 
 
 L + 6.00 
 
 0.00 
 
 6.75 
 
 6/18/2027 

(159) 

(160) 

(0.05) 

73,344 

73,503 

24.34 

Retail 

Guitar Center Inc. 

N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 8.50 
 
 1/15/2026 

4,066 

4,309 

4,362 

1.44 

Xponential Fitness LLC 
 (8)(11) 
 
 L + 6.50 
 
 1.00 
 
 7.50 
 
 2/28/2025 

21,241 

20,995 

21,019 

6.96 

25,304 

25,381 

8.40 

Services: Business 

Muine Gall, LLC 
 (8)(9)(11) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 7.50 PIK 
 
 9/21/2024 

42,244 

42,261 

42,297 

14.01 

44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MSD Investment Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 

Investments (1)(2)(3) 
 Footnotes 
 
 Reference Rate and Spread (4) 
 
 Interest Rate Floor 
 
 Interest Rate (5) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Par Amount / Shares (6) 

Cost (7) 

Fair Value 

Percentage of Net Assets 

First Lien Debt (continued) 

Services: Consumer 

Spring Education Group Inc. 

L + 4.25 
 
 0.00 
 
 4.47 
 
 7/30/2025 

29,059 

27,815 

27,997 

9.27 

Vision Purchaser Corp. 
 (8) 
 
 L + 6.25 
 
 1.50 
 
 7.75 
 
 6/10/2025 

29,247 

28,679 

28,735 

9.51 

56,494 

56,732 

18.78 

Telecommunications 

Innovate Corp. 
 (11) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 8.50 
 
 2/1/2026 

24,000 

24,060 

24,144 

7.99 

Intelsat Jackson Holdings SA 
 LU(10)(11) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 8.63 
 
 1/2/2024 

4,000 

4,007 

3,992 

1.32 

Ligado Networks LLC 
 (9) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 15.50 PIK 
 
 11/1/2023 

10,208 

8,660 

8,373 

2.77 

36,727 

36,509 

12.08 

Wholesale 

Dealer Tire LLC 

L + 4.25 
 
 0.00 
 
 4.35 
 
 12/12/2025 

24,376 

24,224 

24,339 

8.06 

FleetPride Inc. 

L + 4.50 
 
 0.00 
 
 4.60 
 
 2/4/2026 

29,974 

29,919 

29,950 

9.92 

54,143 

54,289 

17.98 

Total First Lien Debt 

484,704 

486,044 

160.95 

Second Lien Debt 

Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

Kaman Corp. 
 (8)(9) 
 
 L + 9.00 
 
 0.00 
 
 9.13 
 
 8/13/2027 

37,763 

35,130 

35,119 

11.63 

Consumer goods: Non-durable 

Protective Industrial Products Inc. 
 (8) 
 
 L + 8.25 
 
 1.00 
 
 9.25 
 
 12/30/2028 

25,777 

25,136 

25,293 

8.38 

Hotel, Gaming Leisure 

Mohegan Gaming Entertainment 
 (9) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 8.00 
 
 2/1/2026 

11,378 

11,605 

11,947 

3.96 

Services: Business 

Trace3 Inc. 
 (8)(9) 
 
 L + 7.50 
 
 0.50 
 
 8.00 
 
 10/6/2029 

33,750 

32,835 

32,842 

10.87 

Services: Consumer 

Midwest Veterinary Partners LLC 
 (8) 
 
 L + 7.50 
 
 0.75 
 
 8.25 
 
 4/26/2029 

40,000 

40,186 

40,195 

13.31 

Total Second Lien Debt 

144,892 

145,396 

48.15 

Unsecured Debt 

Transportation: Consumer 

Vistajet Malta Finance PLC 
 (9)(11) 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 10.50 
 
 6/1/2024 

33,757 

36,093 

36,220 

11.99 

Total Unsecured Debt 

36,093 

36,220 

11.99 

Preferred Equity 

Consumer goods: Non-durable 

Protective Industrial Products Inc. - Series A Preferred 
 (8)(9) 

13.00 PIK 

25,171 

25,043 

24,697 

8.18 

Total Preferred Equity 

25,043 

24,697 

8.18 

Total Investments - non-controlled/non-affiliated 

690,732 

692,357 

229.27 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (13) 

12,203 

12,203 

4.04 

Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 

12,203 

12,203 

4.04 

Total Portfolio Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents 

702,935 

704,560 

233.31 

45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MSD Investment Corp. 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments - (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands, except shares) 
 (1) Security may be an obligation of one or more entities affiliated with the named portfolio company. 

(2) All debt and equity investments are income producing unless otherwise noted. 

(3) All investments are non-controlled/non-affiliated investments as defined by the 1940 Act. The provisions of the 1940 Act classify investments based on the level of control that we maintain in a particular portfolio company. As defined in the 1940 Act, a company is generally presumed to be non-controlled when we own 25 or less of the portfolio company s voting securities and controlled when we own more than 25 of the portfolio company s voting securities. The provisions of the 1940 Act also classify investments further based on the level of ownership that we maintain in a particular portfolio company. As defined in the 1940 Act, a company is generally deemed as non-affiliated when we own less than 5 of a portfolio company s voting securities and affiliated when we own 5 or more of a portfolio company s voting securities. 

(4) Variable rate loans to the portfolio companies are indexed to the LIBOR (denoted as L or CDOR (denoted as C and generally reset periodically. For each loan, the Company, as defined below, has indicated the reference rate used and provided the spread and the interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2021. 

(5) For portfolio companies with multiple interest rate contracts under a single credit agreement, the interest rate shown is a weighted average current interest rate in effect at December 31, 2021. 

(6) Unless noted otherwise, the principal amount (par amount) for all debt securities is denominated in U.S. dollars. Equity investments are recorded as number of shares owned. 

(7) Cost represents amortized cost, inclusive of any PIK, for debt securities, and cost plus capitalized PIK, if any, for preferred stock. 

(8) These investments were valued using unobservable inputs and are considered Level 3 investments. Fair value was determined in good faith by or under the direction of the Board (see Note 2 and Note 6 ), pursuant to the Company s valuation policy. 

(9) These debt investments are not pledged as collateral under any of the Company's credit facilities. For other debt investments that are pledged to the Company's, as defined below (see Note 7 ), credit facilities, a single investment may be divided into parts that are individually pledged as collateral to our credit facilities. 

(10) The portfolio company is domiciled in a foreign country. The regulatory jurisdiction of security issuance may be a different jurisdiction than the domicile of the portfolio company. Foreign countries include Canada (denoted as CN ), Luxembourg (denoted as LU ), Spain (denoted as ES and the United Kingdom (denoted as UK ). 

(11) The investment is not a qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. The Company may not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time of acquisition, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the Company s total assets. As of December 31, 2021, qualifying assets represented approximately 71.5 of total assets as calculated in accordance with regulatory requirements. 

(12) Position or portion thereof is an unfunded loan commitment, and no interest is being earned on the unfunded portion, although the investment may be subject to unused commitment fees. Negative cost and fair value results from unamortized fees, which are capitalized to the investment cost. See below for more information on the Company s unfunded commitments (all commitments are first lien, unless otherwise noted): 

Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated 
 
 Commitment Type 
 
 Commitment Expiration Date 
 
 Unfunded Commitment 

Fair Value 

First and Second Lien Debt 

Candle Media Co Ltd. 
 
 Delayed Draw 
 
 6/18/2027 

16,000 

(160) 

Management Consulting Research LLC 
 
 Revolver 
 
 8/16/2027 

3,136 

(61) 

Total Unfunded Commitments 

19,136 

(221) 

(13) Cash equivalents balance represents amounts held in the interest-bearing money market fund - Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Fund (FGTXX). 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 MSD Investment Corp. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (in thousands, except share/per share data, percentages and as otherwise noted) 
 Note 1. Organization 
 MSD Investment Corp. (together with its consolidated subsidiary, the Company ), was originally established as a Delaware limited liability company on February 18, 2021, converted to a Maryland limited liability company named MSD Investment, LLC on October 22, 2021 and converted into a Maryland corporation (the Corporate Conversion effective January 1, 2022, pursuant to Articles of Conversion filed on December 28, 2021. In connection with the Corporate Conversion the Company changed its name from MSD Investment, LLC to MSD Investment Corp. As a result of the Corporate Conversion, the issued and outstanding equity interests of MSD Investment, LLC were converted into a corresponding number of shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company Shares , and each a Share ), and each holder of equity interests of MSD Investment, LLC became a shareholder of the Company (collectively Shareholders ). The Company is structured as an externally managed, non-diversified closed-end investment company. On December 29, 2021, the Company elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). In addition, the Company intends to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as a regulated investment company RIC ), as defined under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 The Company s investment objective is to invest in a broad range of portfolio companies, primarily through senior secured loans and notes where we believe the probability of losses are limited and the opportunity to generate attractive risk adjusted returns is maximized. The Adviser (as defined below) expects to execute this strategy by continuing its long history of leveraging its network to source and diligence what it believes to be attractive opportunities across a broad range of industries. The strategy will be executed by a team of experienced investment professionals who have more than a 20-year history of successfully deploying capital in both liquid and illiquid investments. 
 The Company has entered into an investment advisory agreement (the Advisory Agreement with MSD Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Adviser under which the Adviser provides certain investment advisory and management services to the Company. Additionally, the company has entered into an administrative services agreement (the Administration Agreement with MSD Partners, L.P. (in this capacity the Administrator and, collectively in its role as the Adviser MSD under which the Administrator provides certain administrative and other services necessary for the Company to operate. 
 On October 19, 2022, the Adviser entered into a definitive business combination agreement with BDT Company Holdings, L.P. BDT ), pursuant to which the two companies agreed to combine their respective businesses to create an advisory and investment firm that will seek to serve the needs of family- and founder-led business owners and strategic, long-term investors. 
 MSD BDC SPV I, LLC SPV I is a Delaware limited liability company formed on June 14, 2021 and commenced operations on December 21, 2021, the date the first investment transaction closed. SPV I s investment objectives are the same as the Company. SPV I is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and is consolidated in these consolidated financial statements, in accordance with the Company s consolidation policy discussed in Note 2 Significant Account Policies . 
 The Company may from time to time conduct a private offering (each a Private Offering of its common shares of beneficial interest (i) to accredited investors, as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and (ii) in the case of Shares sold outside the United States, to persons that are not U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation S under the 1933 Act, in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act. At each closing of the Private Offering, each investor makes a capital commitment Capital Commitments to purchase Shares of the beneficial interest of the Company pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with the Company. Investors are required to fund drawdowns to purchase the Company s Shares up to the amount of their Capital Commitments on an as-needed basis each time the Company delivers a notice to investors. 
 The first closing date (the Initial Closing Date took place on December 21, 2021. Additional closings are expected to occur from time to time as determined by the Company (each, a Subsequent Closing ), and the final such closing (the Final Closing will occur no later than the fifth anniversary of the Initial Closing Date, subject to a one-year extension at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board (the Commitment Period ). The proceeds received at the Initial Closing Date of the sale of Shares hereunder were used to acquire the initial portfolio of the Company from several funds managed by the Adviser or its affiliates prior to the Corporate Conversion. Following the Initial Closing Date, proceeds from the sale of Shares were used to acquire investments in accordance with the Company s investment guidelines and for other permitted purposes. 
 Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Management has determined that the Company meets the definition of an investment company and adheres to the accounting and reporting guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946, Financial Services Investment Companies ASC 946 issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP for an investment company requires investments to be recorded at fair value. 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related financial information have been prepared in accordance U.S. GAAP and pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-K and Regulation S-X under the 1933 Act. 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, (ii) the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported period and (iii) disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Basis of Consolidation 
 As provided under ASC 946, the Company will not consolidate its investment in a company other than an investment company subsidiary or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. Accordingly, the Company consolidated the results of its wholly-owned subsidiary. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents consist of demand deposits and highly liquid investments, such as money market funds, with original maturities of 90 days or less. Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company deposits its cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions and, at times, these deposits may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limit. 
 Restricted Cash 
 Restricted cash consists of cash collateral that has been pledged to cover obligations of the Company according to its derivative contracts and demand deposits held at Goldman Sachs International. Management believes the credit risk related to its demand deposits is minimal. 
 Investments 
 Investment transactions are recorded on the trade date. Realized gains or losses are measured by the difference between the net proceeds received from a sale or paydown and the amortized cost basis of the investment using the specific identification method without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized, and include investments charged off during the period, net of recoveries. The net change in unrealized gains or losses primarily reflects the change in investment values, including the reversal of previously recorded unrealized gains or losses with respect to investments realized during the period. 
 Valuation of Investments 
 The Company measures the value of its investments in accordance with ASC Topic 820, F air Value Measurement and Disclosures ASC 820 ). Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Market participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market (which may be a hypothetical market) that are independent, knowledgeable and willing and able to transact. In accordance with ASC 820, the Company considers its principal market to be the market that has the greatest volume and level of activity. 
 ASC 820 defines hierarchical levels of fair value that prioritize and rank the level of observability of inputs used in determination of fair value. These levels are summarized below: 
 Level 1 - Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical investments as of the reporting date. Publicly listed equities and debt securities, publicly listed derivatives and money market/short-term investment funds are generally included in Level 1. 

Level 2 - Valuation inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. In certain cases, debt and equity securities are valued on the basis of prices from orderly transactions for similar investments in active markets between market participants and provided by reputable dealers or independent pricing services. Investments generally included in this category less liquid and restricted securities listed in active markets, securities traded in markets that are not active, government and agency securities, and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on observable inputs. 

Level 3 - Valuation inputs are unobservable for the investment and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant judgment or estimation. Investments generally included in this category include investments in privately-held entities, and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on unobservable inputs. 

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Depending on the relative liquidity in the markets for certain investments, the Company may transfer investments to Level 3 if it determines that observable quoted prices, obtained directly or indirectly, are severely limited, or not available, or otherwise not reliable. Transfers between levels, if any, are recognized at the beginning of the quarter in which the transfer occurs. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and the consideration of factors specific to the investment. 
 Under procedures established by the Board, the Company intends to value investments for which market quotations are readily available at such market quotations. Assets listed on an exchange will be valued at their last sales prices as reported to the consolidated quotation service at 4:00 p.m. eastern time on the date of determination. If no such sales of such securities occurred, such securities will be valued at the bid price as reported by an independent, third-party pricing service on the date of determination. Debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available will be valued at fair value, subject to the oversight and approval of the Board. Such determination of fair values may involve subjective judgments and estimates, although the Company will also engage independent valuation providers to review the valuation of each investment that constitutes a material portion of the Company s portfolio and that does not have a readily available market quotation at least once annually. With respect to unquoted securities, the Adviser, together with any independent valuation advisers, and subject to the oversight of the Board, will fair value each investment considering, among other measures, discounted cash flow models, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public and other factors. The types of factors that may be considered in determining the fair values of investments include, but are not limited to, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings. The Company intends to retain one or more independent providers of financial advisory services to assist the Adviser and the Board by performing certain third-party valuation services. The Company may appoint additional or different third-party valuation firms in the future. 
 When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs with respect to a fair-valued portfolio company or comparable company, the Board will use the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate and/or assist the Company in the valuation of such portfolio company. Because the Company expects that there will not be readily available market quotations for many of the investments in its portfolio, the Company 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 expects to value many of its investments at fair value as determined in good faith by the board of directors using a documented valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the Company s investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had readily available market quotations existed for such investments, and the differences could be material. 
 On a quarterly basis, with respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, the Adviser will undertake a multi-step valuation process, as described below: 
 Securities for which no market prices are readily available or reliable will be reviewed as part of the valuation process and preliminarily fair valued based on our estimate, or an independent third party s estimate, of the fair value as of the date of determination, and provided to the Adviser s valuation committee; 

Preliminary valuation conclusions are documented and discussed with the Adviser s valuation committee; 

Agreed upon valuation recommendations are presented to the audit committee of the Board (the Audit Committee ); 

At least once annually, the valuation for each investment that constitutes a material portion of the Company s portfolio and that does not have a readily available market quotation will be reviewed by an independent valuation firm; and 

The Board will then discuss valuations and determine the fair value of each investment in the Company s portfolio in good faith, based on the input of the Adviser, the respective independent valuation firms and the audit committee. 

The Company utilizes several valuation techniques that use unobservable pricing inputs and assumptions in determining the fair value of its Level 3 investments. The valuation techniques, as well as the key unobservable inputs that have a significant impact on the Company s investments classified and valued as Level 3 in the valuation hierarchy, are described in Note 6. Fair Value Measurements . The unobservable inputs and assumptions may differ by asset and in the application of the Company's valuation methodologies. The reported fair value estimates could vary materially if the Company had chosen to incorporate different unobservable inputs and assumptions. 
 All values assigned to investments by the procedures established by the Board will be binding on all Company investors. When pricing of the Company s Shares is necessary outside of the normal quarterly process, the Adviser will, among other things, review whether, to its knowledge, significant events have occurred since the last quarterly valuation which might affect the fair value of any of the Company's portfolio investments. 
 The determination of fair value involves subjective judgements and estimates. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of portfolio investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of investments may differ materially from the values that would have been determined had a readily available market value existed for such investments. Further, such investments are generally less liquid than publicly traded securities. If the Company was required to liquidate a portfolio investment that does not have a readily available market value in a forced or liquidation sale, the Company could realize significantly less value than the value recorded by the Company. 
 Securities and Exchange Commission SEC Disclosure Update and Simplification 
 In December 2020, the SEC adopted a new rule providing a framework for fund valuation practices. New Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act Rule 2a-5 establishes requirements for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. Rule 2a-5 will permit (but not require) boards, subject to board oversight and certain other conditions, to designate certain parties to perform fair value determinations. Rule 2a-5 also defines when market quotations are readily available for purposes of the 1940 Act and the threshold for determining whether a fund must determine the fair value of a security. The SEC also adopted new Rule 31a-4 under the 1940 Act Rule 31a-4 ), which provides the recordkeeping requirements associated with fair value determinations. Finally, the SEC is rescinding previously issued guidance on related issues, including the role of the board in determining fair value and the accounting and auditing of fund investments. Rule 2a-5 and Rule 31a-4 became effective on March 8, 2021, and had a compliance date of September 8, 2022. While our Board has not elected to designate the Adviser as the valuation designee, the Company has adopted certain revisions to its valuation policies and procedures in order comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 2a-5 and Rule 31a-4. 
 Receivables/Payables From Investments Sold/Purchased 
 Receivables/payables from investments sold/purchased consist of amounts receivable or payable by the Company for transactions that have not settled at the reporting date. 
 Foreign Currency Transactions 
 Amounts denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars on the following basis: (i) investments and other assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars based upon currency exchange rates effective on the last business day of the period; and (ii) purchases and sales of investments, borrowings and repayments of such borrowings, income, and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars based upon currency exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates. 
 The Company includes net changes in fair values on investments held resulting from foreign exchange rate fluctuations in translation of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies on the consolidated statements of operations, if any. Foreign security and currency translations may involve certain considerations and risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies and U.S. government securities. These risks include, but are not limited to, currency fluctuations and revaluations and future adverse political, social and economic developments, which could cause investments in foreign markets to be less liquid and prices more volatile than those of comparable U.S. companies or U.S. government securities. 
 Derivative Instruments 
 Derivative instruments solely consist of foreign currency forward contracts. All derivative instruments as assets or liabilities are recognized at fair value in the consolidated financial statements. Foreign currency forward contracts are not designated as hedging instruments, and as a result, changes in fair value through net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on foreign currency forward contracts are presented in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Realized gains and losses that occur upon the cash settlement of the foreign currency forward contracts are included in net realized gains (losses) on foreign currency forward contracts on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income is recorded on an accrual basis and includes the accretion of discounts and amortizations of premiums. Discounts from and premiums to par value on debt investments purchased are accreted/amortized into interest income over the life of the respective security using the effective interest method. The amortized cost of debt investments represents the original cost, including loan origination fees and upfront fees received that are deemed to be an adjustment to yield, adjusted for the accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums, if any. Upon prepayment of a loan or debt security, any prepayment premiums are recorded as interest income in the current period. 
 The Company has investments in its portfolio that contain PIK provisions. PIK represents interest that is accrued and recorded at the contractual rates, increases the loan principal on the respective capitalization dates, and is generally due at maturity. Such income is included in interest income in the consolidated statement of operations. If at any point the Company believes PIK is not expected to be realized, the investment generating PIK will be placed on non-accrual status. When a PIK investment is placed on non-accrual status, the accrued, uncapitalized income is generally reversed through interest income. To maintain the Company s status as a RIC after the Corporate Conversion, this non-cash source of income must be paid out to shareholders in the form of dividends, even though the Company has not yet collected cash. 
 If the portfolio company's valuation indicates the value of the PIK security is not sufficient to cover the contractual PIK interest, the Company will not accrue additional PIK interest income and will record an allowance for any accrued PIK interest receivable as a reduction of interest income in the period the Company determines it is not collectible. 
 Debt investments are generally placed on non-accrual status when interest payments are at least 90 days past due or there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Accrued interest is generally reversed when a loan is placed on non-accrual status. Additionally, any original issue discount and market discount are no longer accreted to interest income as of the date the loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment regarding collectability. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid current and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. Management may make exceptions to this treatment and determine to not place a loan on non-accrual status if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. 
 Dividend Income 
 Dividend income on preferred equity securities is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on common equity securities is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies or on the ex-dividend date for publicly-traded portfolio companies. 
 Other Income 
 The Company may receive various fees in the ordinary course of business such as structuring, consent, waiver, amendment, syndication fees as well as fees for managerial assistance rendered by the Company to the portfolio companies. Such fees are recognized as income when earned or the services are rendered. 
 Organization Expenses and Offering Expenses 
 Costs associated with the organization of the Company were expensed on the Company's consolidated statement of operations as incurred. These expenses consist primarily of legal fees and other costs of forming and organizing the Company. 
 Costs associated with the offering of the Company s Shares, and any additional expenses for other offerings, are capitalized and included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities and amortized over a twelve-month period beginning with the commencement of operations or the point in time when the cost was incurred if after the commencement of operations. These expenses consist primarily of legal fees and other costs incurred in connection with the Company s Private Offering of its Shares. 
 Deferred Financing Costs and Debt Issuance Costs 
 Deferred financing and debt issuance costs represent fees and other direct incremental costs incurred in connection with the Company s borrowings. These expenses are deferred and amortized into interest expense over the life of the related debt instrument using the straight-line method. Debt issuance costs are presented in the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities as a direct deduction of the debt liability to which the costs pertain. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The Company intends to elect to be treated as a RIC under the Code. So long as the Company maintains its status as a RIC, it generally will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that it distributes at least annually to its shareholders as dividends. Rather, any tax liability related to income earned and distributed by the Company would represent obligations of the Company s investors and would not be reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 
 To qualify for and maintain qualification as a RIC, the Company must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. In addition, to qualify for RIC tax treatment, the Company must distribute to its shareholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of the sum of (i) its investment company taxable income for that year (without regard to the deduction for dividends paid), which is generally its ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of its realized net short-term capital gains over its realized net long-term capital losses and (ii) its net tax-exempt income. 
 The Company is generally subject to a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax if it does not distribute to its shareholders in a timely manner in each taxable year an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of its ordinary income for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of capital gain net income (both long-term and short-term) for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (iii) any income realized, but not distributed, in prior years. 
 50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Company follows ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 provides guidance for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented and disclosed in the financial statements. ASC 740 requires the Company to evaluate tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing its consolidated financial statements to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are reserved and recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. All penalties and interest associated with income taxes are included in income tax expense. Conclusions regarding tax positions are subject to review and may be adjusted at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, on-going analyses of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. 
 The Company s tax returns are subject to tax examination by major taxing authorities for a period of three years from when they are filed. The Company is additionally not aware of any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will change materially in the next twelve months. As a result, no income tax liability or expense has been recorded on the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense on the consolidated statement of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not incur any interest or penalties. 
 Prior to the Corporate Conversion, the Company was treated as a partnership for U.S. tax purposes and incurred no federal, state, city, or foreign income tax liability on income earned during that period. Instead, each partner reported his or her share of the Company's income, capital gain/(loss) and credit on his or her own tax return. Consequently, no provision for income taxes had been recorded in the consolidated financial statements. 
 Distributions 
 To the extent that the Company has taxable income available, the Company intends to make quarterly distributions to its Shareholders. Distributions to Shareholders are recorded on the record date. All distributions will be paid at the discretion of the Board and will depend on the Company's earnings, financial condition, maintenance of the Company's tax treatment as a RIC, compliance with applicable BDC regulations and such other factors as the Board may deem relevant from time to time. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2020-04 ASU 2020-04 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. This accounting update provides optional accounting relief to entities with contracts, hedge accounting relationships or other transactions that reference the LIBOR or other interest rate benchmarks for which the referenced rate is expected to be discontinued or replaced. This optional relief generally allows for contract modifications solely related to the replacement of the reference rate to be accounted for as a continuation of the existing contract instead of as an extinguishment of the contract, and would therefore not trigger certain accounting impacts that would otherwise be required. The optional relief can be applied beginning January 1, 2020 and ending December 31, 2022. 
 In January 2021, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2021-01 ASU 2021-01 ), Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848), which expanded the scope of Topic 848 to include derivative instruments impacted by discounting transition. ASU 2020-04 and ASU 2021-01 are effective for all entities through December 31, 2022. On December 21, 2022, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2022-06 ASU 2022-06 to defer the sunset date of ASC 848 until December 31, 2024. The expedients and exceptions provided by the amendments do not apply to contract modifications and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated after December 31, 2024, except for hedging transactions as of December 31, 2024, that an entity has elected certain optional expedients for and that are retained through the end of the hedging relationship. The Company has evaluated and will continue to evaluate the adoption of ASU 2020-04 and 2021-01 and determined it has no material impact on its consolidated financial statements at this time. 
 Note 3. Agreements and Related Party Transactions 
 Initial Portfolio Acquisition 
 Commencing on the Initial Closing Date and concluding prior to the Company's election to be regulated as a BDC, the Company completed its purchase of a portfolio of investments (the Initial Portfolio pursuant to agreements entered into with several funds managed by the Adviser (the Initial Portfolio Acquisition ). Subsequent to the Initial Portfolio Acquisition the Company elected to be regulated as a BDC. 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 On November 24, 2021, the Company entered into the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, pursuant to which the Adviser manages the Company on a day-to-day basis. The Adviser is responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring the Company s investments and monitoring its investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. 
 The Advisory Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty upon 60 days' written notice, by the vote of a majority of the Board, in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act, or by the Adviser. Additionally, the Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in event of an assignment. Unless earlier terminated, the Advisory Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from November 24, 2021 and will remain in effect year to year thereafter if approved annually (i) by a majority of the Board who are not interested persons according to section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act (each an Independent Director and (ii) the Board or the holders of a majority of the Company's outstanding voting securities. 
 From time to time, the Adviser may pay amounts owed by the Company to third-party providers of goods and services, and the Company will subsequently reimburse the Adviser for such amounts paid on its behalf. Amounts payable to the Adviser are settled in the normal course of business without formal payment terms 
 The Company pays the Adviser a fee for its services under the Advisory Agreement consisting of two components: a management fee (the Management Fee and an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee ). The cost of both the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee will ultimately be borne by the Shareholders. 
 Management Fee 
 The Management Fee is payable quarterly in arrears and shall be calculated as follows: 
 51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Prior to an initial public offering of the Company s common stock and/or listing on a nationally recognized stock exchange (an Exchange Listing ), the Management Fee shall be calculated at a rate of 0.1875 per quarter (0.75 per annum) of the Company s average gross asset value, excluding cash and cash equivalents, at the end of the Company's two most recently completed calendar quarters. 

Following an Exchange Listing, the Management Fee will be calculated at a rate of 0.3125 per quarter (1.25 per annum) of the Company's average gross asset value, excluding cash and cash equivalents, at the end of the Company's two most recently completed calendar quarters (or for the first quarter following an Exchange Listing, the average gross assets as of the date of the Exchange Listing and the end of such calendar quarter). 

For purposes of the Advisory Agreement, gross assets means the Company s total assets determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP, including assets purchased with borrowed amounts. For avoidance of a doubt total assets does not include any undrawn Capital Commitments. For the first calendar quarter in which the Company had operations, gross assets were measured as the average of gross assets at the Initial Drawdown Date and at the end of such first calendar quarter. The Management Fee will be appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the applicable period. If an Exchange Listing occurs on a date other than the first day of a calendar quarter, the management fee will be calculated for such calendar quarter at a weighted rate calculated based on the fee rates applicable before and after the Exchange Listing based on the number of days in such calendar quarter before and after the Exchange Listing. 
 Incentive Fees 
 The incentive fee consists of two components that are determined independently of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. One component is based on income (the Income-Based Fee and the other component is based on capital gains (the Capital Gains Fee ), each as described below: 
 The Company pays the Income-Based Fee with respect to the pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 No income based incentive fee if the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, does not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.5 ; 

100 of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than or equal to 1.77 (7.06 annualized) of the value of the Company s net assets at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter. This catch-up portion is meant to provide the Adviser with approximately 15 of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if the catch-up is achieved; and 

15 of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the rate of return of 1.77 (7.06 annualized). 

These calculations are prorated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter. 
 The Capital Gains Fee will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year in an amount equal to 15 of realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation because a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the Adviser if the Company were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. 
 Administration Agreement 
 On November 24, 2021, the Company entered into the Administration Agreement with the Administrator. Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator provides, or oversees the performance of, administrative and compliance services, including, but not limited to, maintaining financial records, overseeing the calculation of NAV, compliance monitoring (including diligence and oversight of the Company s other service providers), preparing reports to Shareholders and reports filed with the United States SEC, preparing materials and coordinating meetings of the Board, managing the payment of expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others and providing office space, equipment and office services. The Administrator may also offer to provide, on the Company s behalf, managerial assistance to the Company s portfolio companies. 
 The Administration Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty upon 60 days' written notice, by a vote of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, by the vote of a majority of the Board, or by the Administrator. Unless earlier terminated, the Investment Advisory Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from November 24, 2021 and will remain in effect year to year thereafter if approved annually (i) by a majority of the Independent Directors and (ii) the Board or the holders of a majority of the Company's outstanding voting securities. 
 For providing these services, the Company will reimburse the Administrator for its costs, expenses and allocable portion of overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its administrative obligations under the Administration Agreement, including but not limited to: (i) the Company s chief compliance officer, chief financial officer and their respective staffs; (ii) investor relations, legal, information technology, operations and other non-investment professionals at the Administrator that perform duties for the Company; and (iii) any internal audit group personnel of MSD or any of its affiliates. 
 Co-Investment Transactions Exemptive Relief 
 The Company was granted an SEC exemptive order which grants the Company exemptive relief permitting the Company subject to the satisfaction of specific conditions and requirements, to co-invest in privately negotiated investment transactions with certain affiliates of the Adviser. 
 License Agreement 
 The Company has entered into a license agreement (the License Agreement ), pursuant to which the Adviser has granted the Company a non-exclusive license to use the name MSD. Under the License Agreement, the Company has a right to use the MSD name for so long as the Adviser or one of its affiliates remains the Company s investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, the Company will have no legal right to the MSD name or logo. 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The following table presents the related party fees, expenses and transactions for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021: 

Related Party 
 
 Source Agreement Description 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Period Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

Consolidated statement of operations: 

Adviser 
 
 Advisory Agreement - management fees 
 
 6,327 

155 

Adviser 
 
 Advisory Agreement - income based incentive fee 
 
 6,900 

56 

Adviser 
 
 Advisory Agreement - board of directors' fees 
 
 290 

11 

Adviser 
 
 Advisory Agreement - capital gains incentive fee 
 
 (256) 

256 

Administrator 
 
 Administration Agreement - Administrative expense 
 
 1,571 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

Note 4. Investments 
 The composition of the Company s investment portfolio at amortized cost and fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Investments at Fair Value 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Investments at Fair Value 

First lien debt 

774,611 

748,545 

76.25 

484,704 

486,044 

70.20 

Second lien debt 

227,937 

210,926 

21.48 

144,892 

145,396 

21.00 

Unsecured debt 

0.00 

36,093 

36,220 

5.23 

Preferred equity 

28,519 

22,267 

2.27 

25,043 

24,697 

3.57 

Total investments 

1,031,067 

981,738 

100.00 

690,732 

692,357 

100.00 

The industry composition of investments at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Aerospace Defense 

7.04 

2.99 

Automobile 

0.20 

0.52 

Beverage, Food Tobacco 

1.92 

Capital Equipment 

5.16 

Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 

3.91 

6.29 

Consumer goods: Non-durable 

5.47 

7.22 

Energy: Oil Gas 

7.03 

14.59 

Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 

9.01 

1.85 

High Tech Industries 

3.39 

Hotel, Gaming Leisure 

6.58 

2.36 

Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 

4.60 

6.69 

Media: Diversified Production 

9.21 

10.62 

Metals Mining 

0.32 

Retail 

2.33 

3.67 

Services: Business 

12.90 

10.85 

Services: Consumer 

16.62 

14.01 

Telecommunications 

2.14 

5.27 

Transportation: Consumer 

5.23 

Wholesale 

2.17 

7.84 

Total 

100.00 

100.00 

53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The geographic composition of investments at cost and fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Investments at Fair Value 

Fair Value as of Net Assets 

United States 

915,615 

871,550 

88.78 

180.88 

Canada 

46,666 

44,014 

4.48 

9.13 

Luxembourg 

51,305 

50,273 

5.12 

10.43 

Spain 

14,764 

13,917 

1.42 

2.89 

United Kingdom 

2,717 

1,984 

0.20 

0.41 

Total 

1,031,067 

981,738 

100.00 

203.74 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

of Total Investments at Fair Value 

Fair Value as of Net Assets 

United States 

622,968 

624,238 

90.16 

206.71 

Canada 

32,515 

32,905 

4.75 

10.90 

Luxembourg 

16,866 

16,806 

2.43 

5.56 

Spain 

14,772 

14,798 

2.14 

4.90 

United Kingdom 

3,611 

3,610 

0.52 

1.20 

Total 

690,732 

692,357 

100.00 

229.27 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, one and zero loans in the portfolio were on non-accrual status, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, on a fair value basis, approximately 87.7 of our performing debt investments bore interest at a floating rate and approximately 12.3 of our performing debt investments bore interest at a fixed rate. 
 As of December 31, 2021, on a fair value basis, approximately 80.9 of our performing debt investments bore interest at a floating rate and approximately 19.1 of our performing debt investments bore interest at a fixed rate. 
 Note 5. Derivative Instruments 
 The Company may enter into foreign currency forward contracts from time to time to facilitate the settlement of purchases and sales of investments denominated in foreign currencies and to economically hedge the impact that an adverse change in foreign exchange rates would have on the value of investments denominated in foreign currencies. A foreign currency forward contract is a commitment to purchase or sell a foreign currency at a future date at a negotiated forward rate. These contracts are marked-to-market by recognizing the difference between the contract forward exchange rate and the forward market exchange rate on the last day of the period presented as unrealized appreciation or depreciation. Realized gains or losses are recognized when forward contracts are settled. Risks arise as a result of the potential inability of the counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts; we attempt to limit counterparty risk by only dealing with well-known counterparties and those that it believes have the financial resources to honor their obligations. The foreign currency forward contracts open at the end of the period are generally indicative of the volume of activity during the period. 
 The following tables present the open foreign currency forward contracts as of December 31, 2022: 

December 31, 2022 

Foreign Currency 
 
 Settlement Date 
 
 Statement Location 
 
 Counterparty 
 
 Amount Transacted 

Notional Value at Settlement 

Notional Value at Period End 

Fair Value 

EUR 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Unrealized depreciation on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Goldman Sachs International 

12,688 

13,574 

13,652 

(78) 

CAD 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Unrealized depreciation on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Goldman Sachs International 

CAD 59,121 

43,460 

43,712 

(252) 

CAD 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 Unrealized depreciation on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Goldman Sachs International 

CAD (3,151) 

(2,336) 

(2,330) 

(6) 

Total 

54,698 

55,034 

(336) 

The following table presents the net realized and unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021: 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 

Statement Location 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Period Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

Net realized gains (losses) 

Foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Net realized gains (losses) on foreign currency forward contracts 

1,653 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

Foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on foreign currency forward contracts 

(336) 

Net realized and unrealized gains on foreign currency forward contracts 

1,317 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

For derivatives traded under an International Swaps and Derivatives Association Master Agreement ISDA Master Agreement ), the collateral requirements are typically calculated by netting the mark-to-market amount for each transaction under such agreement and comparing that amount to the value of any collateral currently pledged by the Company or the counterparty. Cash collateral that has been pledged, if any, to cover obligations of the Company and cash collateral received from the counterparty, if any, is reported on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities as collateral deposits (received) for foreign currency forward contracts. Generally, the amount of collateral due from or to a party has to exceed a minimum transfer amount threshold before a transfer is required. To the extent amounts due to the Company from a counterparty are not fully collateralized, the Company bears the risk of loss from counterparty non-performance. 
 The following table presents the derivative assets and liabilities by counterparty, net of amounts available for offset under a master netting agreement or similar arrangement, and net of related collateral received for assets or pledged for liabilities as of December 31, 2022: 

As of 
 
 Counterparty 
 
 Gross Derivative Assets in Statement of Assets and Liabilities 

Gross Derivative Liabilities in Statement of Assets and Liabilities 

Collateral Pledged (1) 

Net position of Derivative Assets, Liabilities and Pledged Collateral 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Goldman Sachs International 

(336) 

336 

(1) Lesser of the amount pledged and the amount needed to offset the liability. 

Note 6. Fair Value Measurements 
 The following tables present the fair value hierarchy of financial instruments, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, according to the fair value hierarchy as described in Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies : 

December 31, 2022 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

First lien debt 

254,386 

494,159 

748,545 

Second lien debt 

15,239 

195,687 

210,926 

Preferred equity 

22,267 

22,267 

Cash and cash equivalents 

36,616 

36,616 

Total Portfolio Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents 

36,616 

269,625 

712,113 

1,018,354 

Percentage of Total 

3.60 

26.48 

69.93 

100.00 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

(336) 

December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

First lien debt 

216,884 

269,162 

486,046 

Second lien debt 

11,947 

133,447 

145,394 

Unsecured debt 

36,220 

36,220 

Preferred equity 

24,697 

24,697 

Cash and cash equivalents 

12,203 

12,203 

Total Portfolio Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents 

12,203 

265,051 

427,306 

704,560 

Percentage of Total 

1.73 

37.62 

60.65 

100.00 

The following tables present changes in the fair value of financial instruments for which Level 3 inputs were used to determine the fair value for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021: 
 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

First Lien Debt 

Second Lien Debt 

Preferred Equity 

Total 

Fair value, beginning of period 
 
 269,162 

133,447 

24,697 

427,306 

Purchase of investments (including PIK) 
 
 277,478 

113,001 

3,475 

393,954 

Proceeds from principal repayments and sales of investments 
 
 (108,329) 

(37,763) 

(146,092) 

Amortization of premium/accretion of discount, net 
 
 1,712 

214 

1 

1,927 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments 
 
 677 

2,630 

3,307 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 
 (10,954) 

(15,842) 

(5,906) 

(32,702) 

Transfers out of Level 3 (1) 

Transfers to Level 3 (2) 
 
 64,413 

64,413 

Fair value, end of year 
 
 494,159 

195,687 

22,267 

712,113 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on non-controlled/non-affiliated company investments still held at December 31, 2022 
 
 (11,016) 

(15,853) 

(5,906) 

(32,775) 

(1) Transfers are done at the value of the investment at the beginning of the period. For the year ended December 31, 2022, zero investments were transferred from Level 3 to Level 2, as valuation coverage was not reduced to one or less independent pricing service. 

(2) Transfers are done at the value of the investment at the beginning of the period. For the year ended December 31, 2022, two investments were transferred from Level 2 to Level 3, as valuation coverage was reduced to one or less independent pricing service. 

For the Period Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

First Lien Debt 

Second Lien Debt 

Preferred Equity 

Total 

Fair value, beginning of period 

Purchase of investments (including PIK) 
 
 270,631 

133,275 

25,043 

428,949 

Proceeds from principal repayments and sales of investments 
 
 (2,073) 

(2,073) 

Amortization of premium/accretion of discount, net 
 
 44 

15 

1 

60 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments 
 
 68 

68 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 
 
 492 

157 

(347) 

302 

Fair value, end of period 
 
 269,162 

133,447 

24,697 

427,306 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on non-controlled/non-affiliated company investments still held at December 31, 2021 
 
 468 

181 

(347) 

302 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

The Company generally employs the Income Based Approach (as described below) to estimate the fair value of the investment. Additionally, the Company may employ the Market Based Approach (as described below) to assess the total enterprise value of the portfolio company or any applicable collateral, in order to evaluate coverage of the Company s debt investment. 
 Income Based Approach: The Company may use a discounted cash flow analysis to estimate the fair value of the investment, specifically the yield method. Projected cash flows represent the relevant investment s contractual interest, fee and principal payments plus the assumption of full principal recovery at the investment s expected maturity date. These cash flows are discounted at a rate that is calibrated to the initial transaction and monitored over time to adjust for changes in observed market spreads and yields since the issuance of the investment as well as changes in company specific factors. Significant increases or decreases in the discount rate would result in a decrease or increase in the fair value measurement. 
 Market Based Approach: The Company may estimate the total enterprise value of each portfolio company by utilizing cash flow (typically EBITDA or revenue, or the relevant industry metric) multiples of publicly traded comparable companies and comparable transactions. The Company considers numerous factors when selecting the appropriate companies whose trading multiples are used to value its portfolio companies. These factors include, but are not limited to, the type of organization, similarity to the business being valued, and relevant risk factors, as well as size, profitability and growth expectations. The Company may apply an average of various relevant comparable company multiples to the portfolio company s latest twelve month EBITDA, revenue or other applicable metric to calculate the enterprise value of the portfolio company. The Company may also consider projected multiples in the assessment if applicable. 
 The following tables present quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs of the Company s Level 3 financial instruments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The tables are not intended to be all-inclusive, but instead capture the significant unobservable inputs relevant to the Company s determination of fair value. 

December 31, 2022 

Range 

Fair Value 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Input (1) 
 
 Low 

High 

Weighted Average (2) 

First lien debt 

408,366 

Market Yield Analysis 
 
 Market Yield Discount Rates 

10.48 

24.98 

14.09 

13,917 

Recent Transaction 
 
 Transaction Price 

100.00 

100.00 

100.00 

422,283 

Second lien debt 

127,437 

Market Yield Analysis 
 
 Market Yield Discount Rates 

13.24 

15.87 

14.49 

127,437 

Preferred equity 

22,267 

Market Yield Analysis 
 
 Market Yield Discount Rates 

17.11 

20.52 

18.81 

Total 

571,987 

56 
 
 Table of Contents 

December 31, 2021 

Range 

Fair Value 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Input (1) 
 
 Low 

High 

Weighted Average (2) 

First lien debt 

221,516 

Market Yield Analysis 
 
 Market Yield Discount Rates 

7.25 

17.25 

10.90 

39,200 

Recent Transaction 
 
 Transaction Price 

98.00 

98.00 

98.00 

260,716 

Second lien debt 

98,328 

Market Yield Analysis 
 
 Market Yield Discount Rates 

9.08 

9.96 

9.40 

Preferred equity 

24,697 

Market Yield Analysis 
 
 Market Yield Discount Rates 

14.20 

14.20 

14.20 

Total 

383,741 

(1) The Company generally uses prices provided by an independent pricing service, or directly from an independent broker, which are indicative prices on or near the valuation date as the primary basis for the fair valuation determinations for quoted senior secured bonds and loans. Since these prices are non-binding, they may not be indicative of fair value. Each quoted price is evaluated by the Adviser in conjunction with additional information compiled by it, including financial performance, recent business developments and various other factors. Investments with fair values determined in this manner were not included in the table above. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had investments of this nature measured at fair value totaling 140.1 million and 43.6 million, respectively. 

(2) Weighted averages are calculated based on fair value of investments. 

Financial Instruments Disclosed, But Not Carried at Fair Value 
 Debt 
 The fair value of the Company s credit facilities, which would be categorized as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy, as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, approximates their carrying value as the credit facilities have variable interest based on selected short-term rates. 
 Other 
 The carrying amounts of the Company s assets and liabilities, other than investments at fair value and debt, approximate fair value. These financial instruments are categorized as Level 3 within the hierarchy. 
 Note 7. Borrowings 
 In accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain limitations, the Company is allowed to borrow amounts such that its asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 150 after such borrowing. 
 The Company s outstanding debt obligations as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

Aggregate Principal Committed 

Outstanding Principal 

Carrying Value (1) 

Unused Portion (2) 

Maturity Date 

SPV I Facility 

485,000 

392,000 

387,590 

93,000 

12/21/2026 

Subscription Facility 

200,000 

145,000 

144,499 

55,000 

12/21/2023 

Total 

685,000 

537,000 

532,089 

148,000 

December 31, 2021 

Aggregate Principal Committed 

Outstanding Principal 

Carrying Value (1) 

Unused Portion (2) 

Maturity Date 

SPV I Facility 

400,000 

220,000 

215,590 

180,000 

12/21/2026 

Subscription Facility 

200,000 

190,000 

189,331 

10,000 

12/21/2022 

Total 

600,000 

410,000 

404,921 

190,000 

(1) Carrying value is equal to outstanding principal amount net of unamortized financing costs. 

(2) The unused portion is the amount upon which commitment fees are based, if any. 

57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The components of interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021 were as follows: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Period Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

Stated interest expense 

21,119 

282 

Unused/undrawn fees 

466 

28 

Administration fees 

1,026 

30 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

1,541 

48 

Total interest expense 

24,152 

388 

Average borrowings 

482,333 

410,000 

Weighted average interest rate (2) 

4.69 

2.71 

Amortization of financing costs 

0.32 

0.38 

Total borrowing costs 

5.01 

3.09 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

(2) Calculated as the amount of the sum of stated interest expense, unused/undrawn fees, and administration fees all divided by the average borrowings during the reporting period. This number represents an annualized amount. 

Description of the Company's Credit Facilities 
 SPV I Facility 
 On December 21, 2021, SPV I, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility with Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch DB (the SPV I Facility ), which was subsequently amended on November 21, 2022 and December 16, 2022. DB serves as facility agent, U.S. Bank National Association, serves as collateral agent and collateral custodian and the Company serves as servicer under the SPV I Facility. 
 As of the November 21, 2022 amendment advances under the SPV I Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the three-month SOFR in effect, plus the applicable margin of 2.41 per annum, inclusive of a credit spread adjustment CSA of 0.26 , with a SOFR floor of 0.25 . SPV I pays a commitment fee of 0.25 per annum (or 0.50 per annum if borrowings are less than 75 of the commitment amount) on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments until the third anniversary of the SPV I Facility. Additionally, SPV I pays DB an administrative agent fee 0.25 of the total commitment amount for serving as facility agent. 
 Prior to the November 21, 2022 amendment, Advances under the SPV I Facility bore interest at a per annum rate equal to the three-month LIBOR in effect, plus the applicable margin of 2.15 per annum with a LIBOR floor of 0.25 . The commitment fee and the administrative agent fee were unchanged. 
 The maximum commitment amount of the SPV I Facility which was 400 million as of December 31, 2021 increased to 485 million as of December 16, 2022. Proceeds from borrowings under the SPV I Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by SPV I. The period during which SPV I may make borrowings under the SPV I Facility expires on December 31, 2024 and the SPV I Facility is scheduled to mature on December 21, 2026. 
 Subscription Facility 
 On December 21, 2021, the Company entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the S ubscription Facility with Bank of America, N.A. BAML ). BAML serves as administrative agent and lender. 
 The Subscription Facility provides for secured borrowings of up to 200 million. The maximum principal amount is subject to availability under the Subscription Facility, which is based on certain of the Company s unfunded investor equity capital commitments, and restrictions imposed on borrowings under the 1940 Act. The Subscription Facility provides for the issuance of letters of credit on behalf of the Company in an aggregate face amount not to exceed 40 million. Proceeds from the borrowings under the Subscription Facility may be used for general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business. On December 21, 2022 the Subscription Facility s maturity date was extended from December 21, 2022 to December 21, 2023. 
 Advances under the Subscription Facility generally bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the daily Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index BSBY rate in effect, plus the applicable margin of 2.00 per annum. The Company pays a commitment fee of 0.25 per annum on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments. 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, the Company is in compliance with all covenants associated with both of its credit facilities. 
 Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies 
 Portfolio Company Commitments 
 The amounts associated with unfunded commitments to provide funds to portfolio companies are not recorded in the Company s consolidated statement of assets and liabilities. Since these commitments and the associated amounts may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent a future cash requirement. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company s unfunded commitments consisted of the following: 
 58 
 
 Table of Contents 

December 31, 2022 

Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated 
 
 Commitment Type 
 
 Commitment Expiration Date 
 
 Unfunded Commitment 

Fair Value 

First and Second Lien Debt 

Candle Media Co Ltd 
 
 Delayed Draw 
 
 6/18/2027 

1,280 

(63) 

Chromalloy Holdings LLC 
 
 Revolver 
 
 11/23/2027 

4,615 

(182) 

Faraday Buyer, LLC 
 
 Delayed Draw 
 
 10/11/2028 

3,167 

(45) 

LJ Perimeter Buyer, Inc 
 
 Delayed Draw 
 
 10/31/2028 

5,538 

(76) 

Natural Partners, Inc. 
 
 Revolver 
 
 3/15/2028 

2,813 

(94) 

Systems Planning and Analysis, Inc. (fka Management Consulting Research LLC) 
 
 Delayed Draw 
 
 8/16/2027 

4,704 

(134) 

Systems Planning and Analysis, Inc. (fka Management Consulting Research LLC) 
 
 Revolver 
 
 8/16/2027 

3,136 

(113) 

Total Unfunded Commitments 

25,253 

(707) 

December 31, 2021 

Investments non-controlled/non-affiliated 
 
 Commitment Type 
 
 Commitment Expiration Date 
 
 Unfunded Commitment 

Fair Value 

First and Second Lien Debt 

Candle Media Co Ltd. 
 
 Delayed Draw 
 
 6/18/2027 

16,000 

(160) 

Management Consulting Research LLC 
 
 Revolver 
 
 8/16/2027 

3,136 

(61) 

Total Unfunded Commitments 

19,136 

(221) 

Other Commitments and Contingencies 
 From time to time, the Company may become a party to certain legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of its business. At both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, management was not aware of any pending or threatened material litigation. 
 Note 9. Net Assets 
 Subscriptions and Drawdowns 
 In connection with its formation, the Company has the authority to issue up to 100 million shares. Through its Private Offerings the Company will from time to time enter into subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements with investors. Under the terms of the Subscription Agreements, investors are required to fund drawdowns to purchase the Company s Shares up to the amount of their respective Capital Commitment on an as-needed basis each time the Company delivers a drawdown notice. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had received Capital Commitments totaling approximately 1.1 billion 562.6 million remaining undrawn), all of which were from affiliates of the Adviser. 
 The following table summarizes the total shares issued and proceeds received related to the Company s capital drawdowns delivered pursuant to the Subscription Agreements for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Share Issuance Date 
 
 Number of Shares Issued 

Aggregate Offering Proceeds 

December 21, 2021 

12,000,000 

299,988 

June 23, 2022 

2,509,410 

60,000 

September 21, 2022 

2,787,307 

65,000 

December 29, 2022 

2,991,256 

65,000 

Total 

20,287,973 

489,988 

Distributions 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had declared the following distributions: 

Regular 

Special 

Per Share 

Date Declared 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Distribution 

Distribution 

Amount 

Total Amount 

March 30, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 April 15, 2022 

0.57 

0.03 

0.60 

7,200 

June 28, 2022 
 
 June 29, 2022 
 
 July 15, 2022 

0.57 

0.06 

0.63 

9,321 

September 20, 2022 
 
 September 20, 2022 
 
 October 17, 2022 

0.57 

0.57 

8,646 

December 29, 2022 
 
 December 29, 2022 
 
 December 30, 2022 

0.65 

0.43 

1.08 

19,800 

Total distributions 

2.88 

44,967 

Dividend Reinvestment 
 The Company has adopted a dividend reinvestment plan DRP ), pursuant to which it reinvests all cash dividends declared by the Board on behalf of its Shareholders who elected not to receive their dividends in cash. Shareholders who have opted into the Company s DRP will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares as described below, rather than receiving the cash dividend or other distribution. A participating Shareholder will receive an amount of shares equal to the amount of the distribution on that participant s shares divided by the most recent net asset value NAV per share that is available on the date such distribution was paid. Shareholders who receive distributions in the form of shares will generally be subject to the same U.S. federal, state and local tax consequences as if they received cash distributions; however, since their cash distributions will be reinvested, those Shareholders will not 
 59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 receive cash with which to pay any applicable taxes. The Company intends to use newly issued shares to implement the plan. Shares issued under the dividend reinvestment plan will not reduce outstanding Capital Commitments. 
 The following table summarizes the DRP shares issued to shareholders who have opted in to the DRP during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the value of such shares as of the payment dates: 

Payment Date 
 
 DRP Shares Value 

DRP Shares Issued 

April 15, 2022 

7,200 

286,055 

July 15, 2022 

9,321 

373,593 

October 17, 2022 

8,646 

377,076 

December 30, 2022 

18,056 

801,437 

43,223 

1,838,161 

Note 10. Earnings Per Share 
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Period Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

(8,408) 

1,998 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

14,575,572 

12,000,000 

Earnings per share 

(0.58) 

0.17 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

Note 11. Taxable/Distributable Income 
 Prior to January 1, 2022 the Company was setup as a partnership. Taxable information displayed below is for the period commencing after the Company converted to a Corporation. 
 The tax character of distributions for the year ended December 31, 2022 was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

Ordinary income (including net short-term capital gains) 

44,965 

Capital gains 

Return of capital 

2 

Total taxable distributions 

44,967 

The components of Accumulated Earnings (Losses) on a tax basis for the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

Undistributed ordinary income - net 

Undistributed long-term capital gains 

Total undistributed earnings 

Capital loss carryforward 

Unrealized earnings (losses) - net 

(51,283) 

Timing differences 

(2,193) 

Total accumulated earnings (losses) - net 

(53,476) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company made the following reclassifications of permanent book to tax basis differences: 

December 31, 2022 

Paid-in capital in excess of par value 

2,099 

Net distributable earnings (accumulated losses) 

(2,099) 

The following table reconciles net decrease in net assets resulting from operations to total taxable income and gains available for distributions for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

December 31, 2022 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

(8,408) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

51,283 

Unearned performance-based incentive fee on unrealized gains 

(256) 

Basis adjustment for corporate conversion 

(249) 

Post October loss deferral 

2,533 

Other book-tax differences 

64 

Total taxable distributions 

44,967 

60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Company s aggregate unrealized appreciation and depreciation on investments based on cost for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

Tax cost 

1,031,935 

Gross unrealized appreciation 

2,320 

Gross unrealized depreciation 

(52,517) 

Net unrealized investment appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

981,738 

The difference between GAAP-basis tax basis unrealized gains (losses) is attributable primarily to wash sales, net mark to market gains (losses) on 
 foreign currency contracts. 
 Tax Information (unaudited) 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company designated approximately 73 of its distributions from net investment income as interested related dividends pursuant to Section 871(k) of the Code. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company designated 95 of the dividends paid from net investment company taxable income as Section 163(j) Interest Dividends. 
 Pursuant to Section 852 of the Internal Revenue Code, the Company designated 0, as capital gain dividends paid during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company designated 2.8 million as short-term capital gain dividends pursuant to Section 871(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Note 12. Financial Highlights 
 The following are the financial highlights for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period ended December 31, 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Period Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

Per Share Data: 

Net assets, beginning of period 

25.17 

Net investment income (2) 

2.70 

0.02 

Net realized gain (loss) (2) 

0.24 

0.01 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (3) 

(3.52) 

0.14 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

(0.58) 

0.17 

Distributions declared from net investment income (4) 

(2.88) 

Issuance of shares 

0.07 

25.00 

Total increase (decrease) in net assets 

(3.39) 

25.17 

Net assets, end of period 

21.78 

25.17 

Shares outstanding, end of period 

22,126,135 

12,000,000 

Total return based on NAV (5) 

(2.46) 

0.68 

Ratios: 

Expenses to average net assets (6) 

11.28 

11.74 

Net investment income to average net assets (6) 

10.77 

6.71 

Portfolio turnover rate (7) 

32.49 

0.36 

Supplemental Data: 

Net assets, end of period 

481,846 

301,998 

Total capital commitments, end of period 

1,052,600 

800,000 

Ratios of total contributed capital to total committed capital, end of period 

46.55 

37.50 

Average debt outstanding 

482,333 

410,000 

Asset coverage ratio (8) 

189.7 

173.7 

(1) The Company was initially capitalized and commenced operations on December 21, 2021. 

(2) The per share data was derived by using the weighted average shares outstanding during the period. 

(3) For the year ended December 31, 2022 the amount shown does not correspond with the aggregate amount for the period as it includes the effect of the timing of capital transactions. 

(4) The per share data was derived using the actual shares outstanding at the date of the relevant transaction (See Note 9 ). 

(5) Total return (not annualized) is calculated as the change in net assets per share during the period, plus distributions per share (assuming distributions are reinvested in accordance with the Company's distribution reinvestment plan), divided by the net assets per share at the beginning of the period. 

(6) Amounts are annualized except for non-recurring income and expenses (other income, organization and offering expenses and incentive fees on capital gains). 

(7) Portfolio turnover rate is calculated using the lesser of the year-to-date sales or year-to-date purchases over the average of the invested assets at fair value for the period reported. 

(8) In accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain, limitations, the Company is allowed to borrow amounts such that its asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 150 after such borrowing. 

Note 13. Subsequent Events 
 On January 1, 2023, the Adviser completed the previously announced business combination with BDT Company Holdings, L.P. (the Transaction ), and its subsidiaries, which includes BDT Capital Partners, LLC BDT Capital ), a SEC-registered investment adviser, and BDT MSD Partners, LLC, a SEC 
 61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 registered broker-dealer and member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ). Upon the closing of the Transaction, BDT Company Holdings, L.P. was renamed BDT MSD Holdings, L.P. BDT and BDT, and its subsidiaries, became affiliates of the Adviser and the Company. 
 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company invested in the senior secured loans of Cobham Holdings Inc., Wood Mackenzie, Inc., and DFS Holding Company, Inc. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

In accordance with Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 b) Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

This annual report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 
 c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 On November 11, 2022, the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (the Custodian entered into the first amendment to the custody agreement (the First Amendment to the Custody Agreement ). The terms and conditions of the First Amendment to the Custody Agreement are substantially identical to those of the custody agreement previously entered into by the Company and the Custodian on December 9, 2021 (the Custody Agreement ), except for the Company s name, due to the Company s conversion to Maryland corporation, and Section 8.1 of the First Amendment to the Custody Agreement regarding fees. The Board approved the First Amendment to the Custody Agreement on November 8, 2022. 
 The foregoing description of the First Amendment to the Custody Agreement is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the First Amendment to the Custody Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.5 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 
 62 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Part III. 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information in response to this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 Information relating to our and the Adviser s codes of ethics, which apply to, among others, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is included in Part 1, Item 1. Business-Regulation as a Business Development Company-Code of Ethics of this Form 10-K. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Information in response to this item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Information in response to this item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Information in response to this item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 Information in response to this item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

63 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Part IV. 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibits 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation effective as of January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56375) filed on February 8, 2022) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56375) filed on March 3, 2022) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 

10.1 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement between the Company and the Adviser dated November 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56375) filed on February 8, 2022) 

10.2 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement between the Company and the Adviser effective January 1, 2023 

10.3 
 
 Administration Agreement Advisory Agreement between the Company and the Adviser dated November 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56375) filed on February 8, 2022) 

10.4 
 
 Administration Agreement Advisory Agreement between the Company and the Adviser effective January 1, 2023 

10.5 
 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56375) filed on February 8, 2022) 

10.6 
 
 Custody Agreement between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56375) filed on February 8, 2022) 

10.7 
 
 First Amendment to the Custody Agreement between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association 

10.8 
 
 Transfer Agent Servicing Agreement between the Company and U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56375) filed on February 8, 2022) 

10.9 
 
 Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement by and among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC as borrower, the Company as equity-holder and servicer, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch as facility agent and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent and collateral custodian. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56375) filed on February 8, 2022) 

10.10 
 
 Amendment No.1 to the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement by and among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC as borrower, the Company as equity-holder and servicer, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch as facility agent and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent and collateral custodian, 

10.11 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement by and among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC as borrower, the Company as equity-holder and servicer, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch as facility agent and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent and collateral custodian 

10.12 
 
 Revolving Credit Agreement by and among the Company as borrower, MSD Portfolio, L.P. - Investments as Guarantor and Bank of America, N.A. as the administrative agent, the sole lead arranger, the sole bookrunner, the structuring agent, the letter of credit issuer and a lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56375) filed on February 8, 2022) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Filed herewith. 
 
 64 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 65 
 
 Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

MSD Investment Corp. 

Date: 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 /s/ Robert Platek 

Robert Platek 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 /s/ Brian S. Williams 

Brian S. Williams 

Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Robert Platek 

March 23, 2023 

Robert Platek 
 Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Brian S. Williams 

March 23, 2023 

Brian S. Williams 
 Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 

/s/ James Chapman 

March 23, 2023 

James Chapman 
 Director 

/s/ Joseph Branch 

March 23, 2023 

Joseph Branch 
 Director 

/s/ Louisa Rodriguez 

March 23, 2023 

Louisa Rodriguez 
 Director 

66 

<EX-4>
 2
 ck0001849894-ex4_1.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.1 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 The following is a brief description of the securities of MSD Investment Corp. (the Company, we, our or us ), registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This description of the terms of our common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 Common Shares does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Articles of Incorporation (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Charter or our Bylaws (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference herein, and based on relevant portions of the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ). We encourage you to carefully review our Charter for additional information. 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the annual report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Securities is an exhibit. 
 
 General 
 The Company s authorized stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share. There is currently no market for the Company s common stock, and the Company can offer no assurances that a market for its shares of common stock will develop in the future. There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase the Company s common stock. No stock has been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. Under Maryland law, Shareholders generally are not personally liable for the debts or obligations of the Company. 
 Each share of Common Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote. The Board may classify or reclassify any unissued shares of Common Stock from time to time into one or more classes or series of stock by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, privileges, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series thereof. 
 As permitted by the MGCL, our Charter provides that the Board, without any action by our Shareholders, may amend the Charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue. 
 
 Common Stock 
 All shares of the Company s common stock have equal rights as to earnings, assets, dividends and voting and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Distributions may be paid to the holders of the Company s common stock if, as and when authorized by the Board and declared by the Company out of funds legally available therefor. Shares of the Company s common stock have no preemptive, exchange, conversion or redemption rights and are freely transferable, except when their transfer is restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, the Charter, federal and state securities laws or by contract. In the event of the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of the Company s common stock would be entitled to share ratably in all of the Company s assets that are legally available for distribution after the Company pays all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of the Company s preferred stock, if any preferred stock is outstanding at such time. Each share of the Company s common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of Shareholders, including the election of directors. Except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of the Company s common stock will possess exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock can elect all of the Company s directors, and holders of less than a majority of such shares will not be able to elect any directors. 
 Prior to any IPO, investors may not sell, assign, transfer or pledge (each, a Transfer any common stock, rights or obligations unless (i) the Company gives consent and (ii) the Transfer is made in accordance with applicable securities laws. No Transfer will be effectuated except by registration of the Transfer on the Company s books. Each transferee must agree to be bound by these restrictions and all other obligations as an investor in the Company. 
 Following an IPO, investors may be restricted from selling or transferring their shares of the Company s common stock for a certain period of time by applicable securities laws or contractually by a lock-up agreement with the underwriters of the IPO. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Under the terms of the Charter, the Board of Directors may authorize the Company to issue shares of Preferred Stock in one or more classes or series, without Shareholder approval, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. The Board of Directors has the power to fix the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption of each class or series of preferred stock. The Company does not currently anticipate issuing preferred stock in the near future. In the event the Company issues preferred stock, it will make any required disclosure to Shareholders. The Company will not offer preferred stock to the Adviser or the Company s affiliates except on the same terms as offered to all other Shareholders. 
 
 Preferred stock could be issued with terms that would adversely affect the Shareholders. Preferred stock could also be used as an anti-takeover device through the issuance of shares of a class or series of preferred stock with terms and conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control. Every issuance of preferred stock will be required to comply with the requirements of the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act requires, among other things, that: (1) immediately after issuance and before any dividend or other distribution is made with respect to Common Stock and before any purchase of Common Stock is made, such preferred stock together with all other senior securities must not exceed an amount currently equal to 50 of the Company s total assets after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and (2) the holders of shares of preferred stock, if any are issued, must be entitled as a class voting separately to elect two directors at all times and to elect a majority of the directors if distributions on such preferred stock are in arrears by two full years or more. Certain matters under the 1940 Act require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of preferred stock (as determined in accordance with the 1940 Act) voting together as a separate class. For example, the vote of such holders of preferred stock would be required to approve a proposal involving a plan of reorganization adversely affecting such securities. 
 The issuance of any preferred stock must be approved by a majority of the independent directors not otherwise interested in the transaction, who will have access, at the Company s expense, to the Company s legal counsel or to independent legal counsel. 
 The Board of Directors may classify or reclassify any unissued shares of Preferred Stock of any series from time to time, into one or more classes or series of stock by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers (including exclusive voting rights, if any), privileges, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series thereof. 
 
 Limitation on Liability of Directors and Officers; Indemnification and Advance of Expenses 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its Shareholders for money damages except for liability resulting from (a) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (b) active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action. Our Charter contains such a provision which eliminates directors and officers liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. 
 Our Charter authorizes us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any individual who, while serving as our director or officer and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, partner, trustee, member or manager from and against any claim or liability to which that person may become subject or which that person may incur by reason of his or her service in any such capacity and to pay or reimburse their reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. Our Charter obligates us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any individual who, while serving as our director or officer and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, partner, trustee, member or manager and who is made, or threatened to be made, a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity from and against any claim or liability to which that person may become subject or which that person may incur by reason of his or her service in any such capacity and to pay or reimburse his or her reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. Our Charter also permits us to indemnify and advance expenses to any person who served a predecessor of us in any of the capacities described above and any of our employees or agents or any employees or agents of our predecessor. In accordance with Section 17(h) of the 1940 Act, we will not indemnify or protect any director or officer of the Company against any liability to the Company or to its Shareholders to which the director would otherwise be subject to by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his office. 
 Maryland law requires a corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which our Charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. Maryland law permits a corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that (a) the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (1) was committed in bad faith or (2) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (b) the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or (c) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. However, under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right of the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that a personal benefit was improperly received unless, in either case a court orders indemnification, and then only for expenses. In addition, Maryland law permits a corporation to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer in advance of final disposition of a proceeding upon the corporation s receipt of (a) a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good-faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation and (b) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that the standard of conduct was not met. 

Certain Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and Our Charter and Bylaws 
 The MGCL and our Charter and Bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to acquire us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, the material ones of which are discussed below. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our Board. We expect the benefits of these provisions to outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other things, the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 The Charter provides for a classified board of directors consisting of three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms, with the term of office of only one of the three classes expiring each year. A classified board may render a change in control of the Company or removal of its incumbent management more difficult. The Company believes, however, that the longer time required to elect a majority of a classified board of directors will help to ensure the continuity and stability of its management and policies. 
 Election of Directors 
 The Charter and Bylaws provide that the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast by Shareholders present in person or by proxy at an annual or special meeting of Shareholders and entitled to vote at such meeting is required to elect a director. Under the Charter, the Board may amend the Bylaws to alter the vote required to elect directors. 
 Number of Directors; Vacancies; Removal 
 The Charter provides that the number of directors is set only by the Board in accordance with the Bylaws. The Bylaws provide that a majority of the entire Board may at any time increase or decrease the number of directors. The Charter provides that, at such time as the Company has at least two independent directors and the Company s common stock is registered under the Exchange Act, as amended, it will elect to be subject to the provision of Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL regarding the filling of vacancies on the Board. Accordingly, at such time, except as may be provided by the Board in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any and all vacancies on the Board may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. 
 The Charter provides that a director may be removed only for cause, as defined in the Charter, and then only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. 
 Action by Shareholders 
 Under the MGCL, Shareholder action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of Shareholders or (unless the charter provides for Shareholder action by less than unanimous written consent, which the Charter does not) by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting. These provisions, combined with the requirements of the Bylaws regarding the calling of a Shareholder-requested special meeting of Shareholders discussed below, may have the effect of delaying consideration of a Shareholder proposal indefinitely. 
 Advance Notice Provisions for Shareholder Nominations and Shareholder Proposals 
 The Bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of Shareholders, nominations of persons for election to the Board and the proposal of business to be considered by Shareholders may be made only (1) by or at the direction of the Board, (2) pursuant to the Company s notice of meeting or (3) by a Shareholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of the Bylaws. Nominations of persons for election to the Board at a special meeting may be made only by or at the direction of the Board, and provided that the Board has determined that directors will be elected at the meeting, by a Shareholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the Bylaws. 
 The purpose of requiring Shareholders to give the Company advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford the Board a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by the Board, to inform Shareholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of Shareholders. Although the Bylaws do not give the Board any power to disapprove Shareholder nominations for the election of directors or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of Shareholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to the Company and its Shareholders. 
 Shareholder Meetings 
 The Charter provides that any action required or permitted to be taken by Shareholders at an annual meeting or special meeting of Shareholders may only be taken if it is properly brought before such meeting. In addition, in lieu of such a meeting, any such action may be taken by the written consent of the Shareholders. The Charter also provides that, except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of the Shareholders can only be called by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Board. In addition, the Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for Shareholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of Shareholders, 
 
 including proposed nominations of candidates for election to the Board. Shareholders at an annual meeting may only consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board, or by a Shareholder of record on the record date for the meeting who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has delivered timely written notice in proper form to the secretary of the Shareholder s intention to bring such business before the meeting. These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next Shareholder meeting Shareholder actions that are favored by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting securities. 
 Calling of Special Meetings of Shareholders 
 Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of the Chair of the Board, the chief executive officer, the president or by a majority of the directors then in office. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix any place as the place for holding any special meeting of the Board of Directors called by them. The Board may provide, by resolution, the time and place for the holding of special meetings of the Board of Directors without notice other than such resolution. 
 Approval of Extraordinary Corporate Action; Amendment of Charter and Bylaws 
 Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business, unless approved by the affirmative vote of Shareholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, a Maryland corporation may provide in its charter for approval of these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our Charter generally provides for approval of charter amendments and extraordinary transactions by the Shareholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our Charter also provides that certain charter amendments, any proposal for our conversion, whether by charter amendment, merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company and any proposal for our liquidation or dissolution requires the approval of the Shareholders entitled to cast at least 80 of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter. However, if such amendment or proposal is approved by a majority of our continuing directors (in addition to approval by our Board), such amendment or proposal may be approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on such a matter. 
 Our Charter and Bylaws provide that the Board will have the exclusive power to make, alter, amend or repeal any provision of our Bylaws. 
 No Appraisal Rights 
 Except with respect to appraisal rights arising in connection with the Control Share Act discussed below, as permitted by the MGCL, our Charter provides that Shareholders will not be entitled to exercise appraisal rights unless a majority of the Board determines such rights apply. 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 The MGCL provides that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter (the Control Share Act ). Shares owned by the acquirer, by officers or by directors who are employees of the corporation are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquirer or in respect of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third; 

one-third or more but less than a majority; or 

a majority or more of all voting power. 

The requisite Shareholder approval must be obtained each time an acquirer crosses one of the thresholds of voting power set forth above. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained Shareholder approval. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the Board of the corporation to call a special meeting of Shareholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any Shareholders meeting. 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the corporation may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The right of the corporation to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations, including, as provided in our Bylaws, compliance with the 1940 Act. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquirer or of any meeting of Shareholders at which the voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a Shareholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other Shareholders may exercise appraisal rights. 
 
 The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. 
 The Control Share Act does not apply (a) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. Our Bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Control Share Act any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares of stock. There can be no assurance that such provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. However, we will amend our Bylaws to be subject to the Control Share Act only if the Board determines that it would be in our best interests. 
 Business Combinations 
 Under Maryland law, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested Shareholder or an affiliate of an interested Shareholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested Shareholder becomes an interested Shareholder (the Business Combination Act ). These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested Shareholder is defined as: 
 any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock; or 

an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 

A person is not an interested Shareholder under this statute if the Board approved in advance the transaction by which the Shareholder otherwise would have become an interested Shareholder. However, in approving a transaction, the Board may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the Board. 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested Shareholder generally must be recommended by the Board of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation; and 

two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested Shareholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested Shareholder. 

These super-majority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common Shareholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested Shareholder for its shares. 
 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the Board before the time that the interested Shareholder becomes an interested Shareholder. We expect our Board to adopt a resolution that any business combination between us and any other person is exempted from the provisions of the Business Combination Act, provided that the business combination is first approved by the Board, including a majority of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act. This resolution may be altered or repealed in whole or in part at any time; however, our Board will adopt resolutions so as to make us subject to the provisions of the Business Combination Act only if the Board determines that it would be in our best interests and if the SEC staff does not object to our determination that our being subject to the Business Combination Act does not conflict with the 1940 Act. If this resolution is repealed, or the Board does not otherwise approve a business combination, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 
 Conflict with 1940 Act 
 Our Bylaws provide that, if and to the extent that any provision of the MGCL, including the Control Share Act (if we amend our Bylaws to be subject to such Act) and the Business Combination Act, or any provision of our Charter or Bylaws conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act will control. 
 Exclusive Forum 
 The Charter and Bylaws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL, the Charter or Bylaws or the securities, antifraud, unfair trade practices or similar laws of any international, national, state, provincial, territorial, local or other governmental or regulatory authority, including, in each case, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be a federal or state court located in the state of Maryland. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Company shall be deemed, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to have notice of and consented to these exclusive forum provisions and to have irrevocably submitted to, and waived any objection to, the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in connection with any such action or proceeding and consented to process being served in any such action or proceeding, without limitation, by United States mail addressed to the Shareholder at the Shareholder s address as it appears on the records of the Company, with postage thereon prepaid. 
 
 Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland (the Maryland Circuit Court (or, if the Maryland Circuit Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Maryland) (the Exclusive Forum shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a)(i) any action asserting an Internal Corporate Claim, as such term is defined in the MGCL (other than any action arising under federal securities laws), including, without limitation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of the applicable standard of conduct or any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or to the Shareholders of the Company or (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer or other employee of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL, the Charter or Bylaws, or (b) any other action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer or other employee of the Company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the foregoing actions, claims or proceedings may be brought in any court sitting outside the State of Maryland unless the Company consents in writing to such court. The exclusive forum selection provision of the Bylaws, Article XIII, does not apply to claims brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, or the Investment Company Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. With respect to an action or proceeding in the Maryland Circuit Court governed by the Bylaws, the Corporation and the Shareholders shall be deemed to have consented to the assignment of the action or proceeding to the Business and Technology Case Management Program for the State of Maryland (or any successor program governing complex corporate proceedings). 
 The exclusive forum selection provision in our Bylaws, could limit Shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other agents. In addition, Shareholders may have to bring suit in an inconvenient and unfavorable forum. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a provision, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, this provision may increase costs for shareholders in bringing a claim against us or our directors, officers or other agents. Any investor purchasing or otherwise acquiring our shares is deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing provision. The exclusive forum selection provision in our Bylaws may limit our Shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other agents, which may discourage lawsuits against us and such persons. It is also possible that, notwithstanding such exclusive forum selection provision, a court could rule that such provision is inapplicable or unenforceable. If this occurred, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in another forum, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Transfer and Resale Restrictions 
 Shares of the Company may not be directly or indirectly sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of without the prior written consent of the Adviser, which consent may be given or withheld in the sole discretion of the Adviser. Any costs associated with a transfer by a Shareholder may be borne by such Shareholder. 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 ck0001849894-ex10_2.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.2 
 INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT 
 BETWEEN 
 MSD INVESTMENT 
 CORP. AND 
 MSD PARTNERS, L.P. 
 
 This Agreement (the Agreement is made as of January [ ], 2023, by and between MSD Investment Corp., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and MSD Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Adviser ). 
 
 WHEREAS , the Company is a closed-end management investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ); 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the Adviser to furnish investment advisory services to the Company on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and the Adviser desires to be retained to provide such services. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1) Duties of the Adviser 

a) The Company hereby employs the Adviser to act as the investment adviser to the Company and to manage the investment and reinvestment of the assets of the Company, subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), for the period and upon the terms herein set forth, (x) in accordance with the investment objective, policies and restrictions that are set forth in the Company s registration statement on Form 10 (as amended from time to time, the Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and, in accordance with the investment objective, policies and restrictions that are set forth in the Company s confidential private placement memorandum as amended from time to time (the PPM ); (y) in accordance with all other applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations, and the Company s charter and by-laws as the same shall be amended from time to time; and (z) in accordance with the Investment Company Act. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Adviser shall, during the term and subject to the provisions of this Agreement: (i) determine the composition of the portfolio of the Company, the nature and timing of the changes therein and the manner of implementing such changes; (ii) identify/source, research, evaluate and negotiate the structure of the investments made by the Company; (iii) close and monitor the Company s investments; (iv) determine the securities and other assets that the Company will purchase, retain, or sell; (v) use reasonable endeavors to ensure that the Company s investments consist mainly of shares, securities or currencies (or derivative contracts relating thereto), which for the avoidance of doubt may include loans, notes and other evidences of indebtedness; (vi) perform due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; and (vii) provide the Company with such other investment advisory, research, and related services as the Company may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of its funds, including providing operating and managerial assistance to the Company and its portfolio companies as required. Subject to the supervision of the Board, the Adviser shall have the power and authority on behalf of the Company to effectuate its investment decisions for the Company, including the execution and delivery of all documents relating to the Company s investments and the placing of orders for other purchase or sale transactions on behalf of the Company. In the event that the Company determines to acquire debt financing, the Adviser will arrange for such financing on the Company s behalf, subject to the oversight and approval of the Board. If it is 

necessary or appropriate for the Adviser to make investments on behalf of the Company through a special purpose vehicle, the Adviser shall have authority to create or arrange for the creation of such special purpose vehicle and to make such investments through such special purpose vehicle (in accordance with the Investment Company Act). 
 
 b) The Adviser hereby accepts such employment and agrees during the term hereof to render the services described herein for the compensation provided herein. 

c) The Adviser shall for all purposes herein provided be deemed to be an independent contractor and, except as expressly provided or authorized herein, shall have no authority to act for or represent the Company in any way or otherwise be deemed an agent of the Company. 

d) The Adviser shall keep and preserve for the period required by the Investment Company Act any books and records relevant to the provision of its investment advisory services to the Company and shall specifically maintain all books and records in accordance with Section 31(a) of the Investment Company Act with respect to the Company s portfolio transactions and shall render to the Board such periodic and special reports as the Board may reasonably request. The Adviser agrees that all records that it maintains for the Company are the property of the Company and will surrender promptly to the Company any such records upon the Company s request, provided that the Adviser may retain a copy of such records. 

e) The Adviser shall be primarily responsible for the execution of any trades in securities in the Company s portfolio and the Company s allocation of brokerage commissions. 

2) Company s Responsibilities and Expenses Payable by the Company 

Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Administration Agreement (the Administration Agreement ), dated January [ ], 2023, between the Company and the Adviser (the Adviser, in its capacity as the administrator, the Administrator ), the Adviser shall be solely responsible for (a) the compensation of its officers including their salaries and benefits, except as otherwise specified; (b) fees and expenses for internal administrative, bookkeeping, clerical and related services rendered in support of the activities for which compensation is paid under (a) above; and (c) expenses associated with office space and facilities, utilities and telephone services, news, quotation and similar information and pricing services, computer equipment, travel expenses and support of the Adviser incurred in connection with Company operations. The Company will bear all other costs and expenses of its operations, administration and transactions, including (without limitation): (i) fees and costs incurred in organizing the Company; (ii) fees and costs associated with calculating net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); (iii) expenses, including travel, entertainment, lodging and meal expenses, incurred by the Adviser, or the portfolio managers and other members of the investment team, or payable to third parties, in evaluating, developing, negotiating, structuring and performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies, including such expenses related to potential investments that were not consummated, and, if necessary, enforcing the Company s rights; (iv) fees and expenses incurred by the Adviser (and their affiliates) or the Administrator (or its affiliates) payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for the Company and in conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments and equity sponsors, analyzing investment opportunities, structuring the Company s investments and monitoring investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis; (v) any and all fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the incurrence of leverage and indebtedness of the Company, including borrowings, dollar rolls, reverse purchase agreements, credit facilities, securitizations, margin financing and derivatives and swaps, and including any principal or interest on the Company s borrowings and indebtedness (including, without limitation, any fees, costs, and expenses incurred in obtaining lines of credit, loan commitments, and letters of credit for the account of the Company and in making, carrying, funding and/or otherwise resolving investment guarantees); (vi) fees and costs associated with offerings, sales, and repurchases of the Company s common stock and other securities; (vii) fees and expenses payable under any underwriting, dealer manager or placement agent agreements, if any; (viii) investment advisory fees payable under this Agreement; (ix) administration fees and expenses, if any, payable under the Administration Agreement (including payments under the Administration Agreement between the Company and the Administrator, based upon the Company s allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of the 
 
 2 
 
 Company s chief financial officer and chief compliance officer, and their respective staffs); (x) costs incurred in connection with investor relations, board of directors relations, and preparing for and effectuating the listing of the Company s common stock on any securities exchange; (xi) any applicable administrative agent fees or loan arranging fees incurred with respect to the Adviser s portfolio investments, the Administrator or an affiliate thereof;(xii) any and all fees, costs and expenses incurred in implementing or maintaining third-party or proprietary software tools, programs or other technology for the benefit of the Company (including, without limitation, any and all fees, costs and expenses of any investment, books and records, portfolio compliance and reporting systems, general ledger or portfolio accounting systems and similar systems and services, including, without limitation, consultant, software licensing, data management and recovery services fees and expenses); (xiii) transfer agent, dividend agent and custodial fees and expenses; (xiv) federal and state registration fees; (xv) all costs of registration and listing shares of the Company s common stock on any securities exchange; (xvi) federal, state and local taxes; (xvii) independent directors fees and expenses, including reasonable travel, entertainment, lodging and meal expenses, and any legal counsel or other advisers retained by, or at the discretion or for the benefit of, the independent directors; (xviii) costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC or other regulators, and all fees, costs and expenses related to compliance-related matters (such as developing and implementing specific policies and procedures in order to comply with certain regulatory requirements) and regulatory filings related to the Company s activities and/or other regulatory filings, notices or disclosures of the Adviser and its affiliates relating to the Company and its activities; (xix) costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs; (xx) fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; (xxi) direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors, tax preparers and outside legal costs; (xxii) proxy voting expenses; (xxiii) all expenses relating to payments of dividends or interest or distributions in cash or any other form made or caused to be made by the Board to or on account of holders of the securities of the Company, including in connection with any dividend reinvestment plan or direct stock purchase plan; (xxiv) costs incurred in connection with the formation or maintenance of entities or vehicles to hold the Company s assets for tax or other purposes; (xxv) the allocated costs incurred by the Adviser and/or the Administrator in providing managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request it; (xxvi) allocable fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts on behalf of the Company; (xxvii) all fees, costs and expenses of any litigation involving the Company or its portfolio companies and the amount of any judgments or settlements paid in connection therewith, directors and officers, liability or other insurance (including costs of title insurance) and indemnification (including advancement of any fees, costs or expenses to persons entitled to indemnification) or extraordinary expense or liability relating to Company s affairs; (xxviii) fees, costs and expenses of winding up and liquidating the Company s assets; and (xxix) all other expenses incurred by the Company, the Adviser or the Administrator in connection with administering the Company s business. For the avoidance of doubt, the Adviser shall be solely responsible for any placement or finder s fees payable to placement agents engaged by the Company or its affiliates in connection with the offering of securities by the Company. 
 
 If any of the above expenses or other expenses are incurred jointly for the account of the Company and any other investment funds or accounts sponsored or managed by the Adviser or its affiliates, such expenses will be allocated among the Company and such other funds or accounts in proportion to the size of the investment made by each fund or account in the activity or entity to which such expense relates, or in such other manner as the Adviser considers fair and equitable. To the extent that expenses to be borne by the Company are paid by the Adviser or an affiliate thereof, the Company will reimburse the Adviser or such affiliate for such expenses. Each subsidiary of the Company, if any, that makes investments will bear all of its own organizational and operating fees, costs, expenses and liabilities and, as a result, the Company will indirectly bear these fees, costs, expenses and liabilities. 

3 
 
 3) Compensation of the Adviser 

The Company agrees to pay, and the Adviser agrees to accept, as compensation for the services provided by the Adviser hereunder, a base management fee (the Management Fee and an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee as hereinafter set forth. The Company shall make any payments due hereunder to the Adviser or to the Adviser s designee as the Adviser may otherwise direct. 
 
 a) For services rendered under this Agreement, the Management Fee will be payable quarterly in arrears. Management Fees for any partial month or quarter will be appropriately prorated and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant month or quarter. The Management Fee shall be calculated as follows: 

(i) Prior to an initial public offering of the Company s common stock and/or listing on a nationally recognized stock exchange (an Exchange Listing ), the Management Fee shall be calculated at a rate of 0.1875 per quarter (0.75 per annum) of the Company s average gross asset value, including assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage (each, a Credit Facility but excluding (i) cash and cash equivalents (as defined below) and (ii) undrawn commitments at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters (or for the first quarter which the Company has operations, the average gross assets at the date of the initial drawdown from investors and the end of such calendar quarter). For purposes of this agreement, cash equivalents means U.S. government securities, money market fund investments, commercial paper instruments, and other similar cash equivalent investments maturing within one year of purchase. 

(ii) Following an Exchange Listing, the Management Fee will be calculated at a rate 0.3125 per quarter (1.25 per annum) of the Company s average gross asset value including assets purchased with borrowed amounts under any credit facility but excluding cash and cash equivalents at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters (or for the first quarter following an Exchange Listing, the average gross assets as of the date of the Exchange Listing and the end of such calendar quarter). 

b) The Incentive Fee consists of two components that are independent of each other with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the Incentive fee is based on the Company s income (the Income-Based Fee and a portion is based on the Company s capital gains (the Capital Gains Fee ), each is described below: 

(i) The Income-Based Fee will be determined and paid quarterly in arears based on the amount by which the aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below) in any calendar quarter exceeds the Hurdle Amount (as defined below). The Hurdle Amount will be determined on a quarterly basis and will be calculated by multiplying 1.5 (6 annualized) by the Company s net asset value at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter. 

The calculation of the Income-Based Fee for each quarter is as follows: 
 A. No Income-Based Fee shall be payable to the Adviser in any calendar quarter in which the Company s aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the Hurdle Amount; 

B. 100 of the Company s aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle Amount but is less than or equal to an amount (the Catch-Up Amount determined on a quarterly basis by multiplying 1.77 (7.06 annualized) by the Company s net asset value at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter. The Catch-Up Amount is intended to provide the Adviser with an incentive fee of 15 on all of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income when the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income reaches the Catch-Up Amount for any calendar quarter; and; 

4 
 
 C. For any quarter in which the Company s aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds the Catch-Up Amount, the Income-Based Fee shall equal 15 of the amount of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for such quarter, as the Hurdle Amount and Catch-Up Amount will have been achieved; 

ii. The Capital Gains Fee will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of this Agreement as set forth below), commencing with the first calendar year ended after the Company elects to be treated as a BDC, and is calculated at the end of each applicable year by subtracting (a) the sum of the Company s cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation from (b) the Company s cumulative aggregate realized capital gains. If such amount is positive at the end of such year, then the Capital Gains Fee payable for such year is 

equal to 15 of such amount, less the cumulative aggregate amount of Capital Gains Fees paid in all prior years commencing with the first calendar year ended after the Company elects to be treated as a BDC. If such amount is negative, then there is no Capital Gains Fee payable for such year. If this Agreement is terminated as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date shall be treated as though it were a calendar year end for purposes of calculating and paying a Capital Gains Fee. The Company will accrue, but will not pay, a Capital Gains Incentive Fee with respect to unrealized appreciation, in accordance with generally accepted account principals in the United States GAAP ), because a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the Adviser if the Company were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. In no event will the Capital Gains Incentive Fee calculated on unrealized appreciation be payable until such gains are realized, if at all. 
 
 iii) For purposes of this section 3, the following terms shall have the following meaning: 

A. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income shall mean interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies but excluding fees for providing managerial assistance) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the Management Fee, any expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee). In addition, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income shall include, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature such as market discount, original issue discount OID ), debt instruments with payment-in-kind PIK interest, preferred stock with PIK dividends and zero-coupon securities, accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. For avoidance of doubt, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 

iv) Examples of the quarterly incentive fee calculation are attached hereto as Annex A. Such examples are included for illustrative purposes only and are not considered part of this Agreement. The fees payable under this Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. 

c) Both the calculation of the Management Fee and the Income-Based Fee will be appropriately adjusted for any capital calls done by the Company during the quarter (based on the actual number of days elapsed relative to the total number of days in such calendar quarter). 

d) For purposes of computing the Income-Based Fee and the Capital Gains Fee, the calculation methodology will look through derivative financial instruments or swaps as if the Company owned the reference assets directly, in the manner described above. With respect to the calculation of quarterly Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for purposes of calculating the Income-Based Fee, net interest, if any, associated with a derivative or swap (which is defined as the difference between (i) the interest income and transaction fees received in respect of the reference assets of the derivative or swap and (ii) all interest and other expenses paid by us to the derivative or swap counterparty) will be included in calculating the Income-Based Fee. The notional value of any such derivatives or swaps is not used for these purposes. With respect to the calculation of the Capital Gains Fee, realized gains and realized losses on the disposition of any reference assets, as well as unrealized depreciation on reference assets retained in the derivative or swap, will be included on a cumulative basis in calculating the Capital Gains Fee 

5 

4) Covenants of the Adviser 

The Adviser agrees that it will remain registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act so long as the Company maintains its election to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act. The Adviser agrees that its activities will at all times be in compliance in all material respects with all applicable federal and state laws governing its operations and investments. 
 5) Excess Brokerage Commissions 

The Adviser is hereby authorized, to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by law, to cause the Company to pay a member of a national securities exchange, broker or dealer an amount of commission for effecting a securities transaction in excess of the amount of commission another member of such exchange, broker or dealer would have charged for effecting that transaction, if the Adviser determines in good faith, taking into account such factors as price (including the applicable brokerage commission or dealer spread), size of order, difficulty of execution, and operational facilities of the firm and the firm s risk and skill in positioning blocks of securities, that such amount of commission is reasonable in relation to the value of the brokerage and/or research services provided by such member, broker or dealer, viewed in terms of either that particular transaction or its overall responsibilities with respect to the Company s portfolio, and constitutes the best net results for the Company. 
 
 6) Investment Team 

The Adviser shall manage the Company s portfolio through a team of investment professionals (the Investment Team dedicated primarily to the Company s business, in cooperation with the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The Investment Team shall be comprised of senior personnel of the Adviser, supported by and with access to the investment professionals, analytical capabilities and support personnel of the Adviser. 
 
 7) Limitations on the Employment of the Adviser 

The services of the Adviser to the Company are not exclusive, and the Adviser may engage in any other business or render similar or different services to others including, without limitation, the direct or indirect sponsorship or management of other investment-based accounts or commingled pools of capital, however structured, having investment objectives similar to those of the Company, so long as its services to the Company hereunder are not impaired thereby, and nothing in this Agreement shall limit or restrict the right of any manager, partner, officer or employee of the Adviser to engage in any other business or to devote his or her time and attention in part to any other business, whether of a similar or dissimilar nature, or to receive any fees or compensation in connection therewith (including fees for serving as a director of, or providing consulting services to, one or more of the Company s portfolio companies, subject to applicable law). So long as this Agreement or any extension, renewal or amendment remains in effect, the Adviser shall be the only investment adviser for the Company. The Adviser assumes no responsibility under this Agreement other than to render the services called for hereunder. It is understood that directors, officers, employees and stockholders of the Company are or may become interested in the Adviser and its affiliates, as directors, officers, employees, partners, stockholders, members, managers or otherwise, and that the Adviser and directors, officers, employees, partners, stockholders, members and managers of the Adviser and its affiliates are or may become similarly interested in the Company as stockholders or otherwise. 
 
 8) Responsibility of Dual Directors, Officers and/or Employees 

If any person who is a manager, partner, officer or employee of the Adviser is or becomes a director, officer and/or employee of the Company and acts as such in any business of the Company, then such manager, partner, officer and/or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator shall be deemed to be acting in such capacity solely for the Company, and not as a manager, partner, officer or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator or under the control or direction of the Adviser or the Administrator, even if paid by the Adviser or the Administrator. 
 
 9) Limitation of Liability of the Adviser; Indemnification 

The Adviser (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, including without limitation its sole member) shall not be liable to 
 
 6 
 
 the Company for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Adviser in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of the Company (except to the extent specified in Section 36(b) of the Investment Company Act concerning loss resulting from a breach of fiduciary duty (as the same is finally determined by judicial proceedings) with respect to the receipt of compensation 
 for services), and the Company shall indemnify, defend and protect the Adviser (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, including without limitation its general partner or managing member and the Administrator each of whom shall be deemed a third-party beneficiary hereof) (collectively, the Indemnified Parties and hold them harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or its security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Adviser s duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of the Company. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence of this Section 9 to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall protect or be deemed to protect the Indemnified Parties against or entitle or be deemed to entitle the Indemnified Parties to indemnification in respect of, any liability to the Company or its security holders to which the Indemnified Parties would otherwise be subject by reason of criminal conduct, willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of the Adviser s duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of the Adviser s duties and obligations under this Agreement (as the same shall be determined in accordance with the Investment Company Act and any interpretations or guidance by the SEC or its staff thereunder). 
 10) Effectiveness, Duration and Termination of Agreement 

a) This Agreement shall become effective as of the first date above written. This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, on sixty (60) days written notice, by the vote of a majority of the board of directors, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Company Act, or by the Adviser. The provisions of Section 9 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the Adviser shall remain entitled to the benefits thereof, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement. Further, notwithstanding the termination or expiration of this Agreement as aforesaid, the Adviser shall be entitled to any amounts owed under Section 3 through the date of termination or expiration, and Section 9 shall continue in force and effect and apply to the Adviser and its representativesas and to the extent applicable. 

b) This Agreement shall continue in effect for two (2) years from the first date above written and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company and (B) the vote of a majority of the Company s directors who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the InvestmentCompany Act. 

c) This Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment (as such term is defined forpurposes of Section 15(a)(4) of the Investment Company Act). 

11) Notices 

Any notice under this Agreement shall be given in writing, addressed and delivered or mailed, postage prepaid, to the other party at its principal office. 
 
 12) Amendments 

This Agreement may be amended by mutual consent, but the consent of the Company must be obtained in conformity with the requirements of the Investment Company Act. 
 
 13) Severability . 

If any provision of this Agreement shall be held or made invalid by a court decision, statute or rule, or shall be otherwise rendered invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby. For the avoidance of 

7 
 
 doubt, to the extent compliance with the terms of this Agreement would violate any provision of the 1940 Act, such terms will be rendered invalid and the remainder of this Agreement shall be not be affected thereby. 
 
 14) Entire Agreement; Governing Law 

This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act. In such case, to the extent the applicable laws of the State of Maryland, or any of the provisions herein, conflict with the provisions of the Investment Company Act, the latter shall control. To the fullest extent permitted by the Investment Company Act and the Advisers Act, as amended, the sole and exclusive forum for any action, suit or proceeding with respect to this Agreement shall be a federal or state court located in the State of Maryland, and each party hereto, to the fullest extent permitted by law, hereby irrevocably waives any objection that it may have, whether now or in the future, to the laying of venue in, or to the jurisdiction of, any and each of such courts for the purposes of any such action, suit or proceeding and further waives any claim that any such action, suit or proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum, and each party hereto hereby submits to such jurisdiction and consents to process being served in any such action, suit or proceeding, without limitation, by United States mail addressed to the party at its principal office. 
 
 15) No Third-Party Beneficiary 

Other than expressly provided for in Paragraph 9 of this Agreement, this Agreement does not, and is not intended to, confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than the parties to this Agreement; there are no third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, stockholders of the Company. 
 
 16) Counterparts 

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together shall constitute a single agreement. Either party may deliver an executed copy of this Agreement, and of any documents contemplated hereby, by facsimile or other electronic transmission to the other party, and such delivery shall have the same force and effect as any other delivery of a manually signed copy of this Agreement or of such other documents. 
 
 [Remainder of the Page Left Intentionally Blank] 
 
 8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed on the date above written. 

MSD INVESTMENT CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Brian S. Williams 

Name: Brian S. Williams 

Title: CFO Treasurer 

MSD Partners, L.P. 

By: 
 /s/ Robert K. Simonds 

Name: Robert K. Simonds 

Title: General Counsel CCO 

9 
 
 Annex A 
 
 Examples of Incentive Fee Calculation 
 
 Example 1: Income Based Fee 
 
 General Assumptions: 
 Hurdle rate = 1.5 Catchup rate = 1.7647 
 Base management fee = 0.1875 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 0.2 
 Scenario 1 
 Additional Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25 

Calculations 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income = (investment income (base management fee + other expenses)) 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income = (1.25 - (0.1875 + 0.2 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income = 0.8625 

Pre-incentive net investment income does not exceed hurdle rate, therefore there is no Income Based Fee. 
 Scenario 2 
 Additional Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.0 

Calculations 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income = (investment income (base management fee + other expenses)) 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income = (2.00 - (0.1875 + 0.2 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income = 1.6125 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income of 1.6125 exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than the catchup rate 
 Incentive fee= 100 (Pre-incentive fee net investment income hurdle rate) 

Incentive fee= 100 (1.6125 1.5000 

Income Based Fee = 0.1125 
 Scenario 3 
 Additional Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.5 

Calculations 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income = (investment income (base management fee + other expenses)) 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income = (2.50 - (0.1875 + 0.2 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income = 2.1125 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income of 2.1125 exceeds the catchup rate 
 Incentive fee= 100 (catchup rate hurdle rate) + (15.0 (Pre-incentive fee net investment income catchup rate) 

Incentive fee= 100 (1.7647 1.5000 + (15.0 (2.1125 1.7647 

Income Based Fee = 0.3169 
 
 Example 2: Capital Gains Fee: 
 Scenario 1 Assumptions: 
 Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), and 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B ). 

Year 2: Investment A sold for 50 million and fair market value FMV of Investment B determined to be 32 million. 

10 
 
 Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million. 

Year 4: Investment B sold for 31 million. 

The Capital Gains Fee, if any, would be: 
 Year 1: None 

Year 2: 4.5 million Capital Gains Fee, calculated as follows: 

o 30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A multiplied by 15.0 . 

Year 3: None, calculated as follows: 

o 3.75 million cumulative fee (15.0 multiplied by 25 million 30 million cumulative capital gains less 5 million cumulative capital depreciation)) less 4.5 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2). 

Year 4: 150,000 Capital Gains Fee, calculated as follows: 

o 4.65 million cumulative fee 31 million cumulative realized capital gains 30 million from Investment A and 1 million from Investment B) multiplied by 15.0 less 4.5 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2). 

Scenario 2 - Assumptions 
 Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B and 25 million investment made in Company C Investment C ). 

Year 2: Investment A sold for 50 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be 25 million. 

Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 27 million and Investment C sold for 30 million. 

Year 4: FMV of Investment B determined to be 35 million. 

Year 5: Investment B sold for 20 million. 

The capital gains portion of the incentive fee, if any, would be: 
 Year 1: None. 

Year 2: 3.75 million capital gains incentive fee, calculated as follows: 

o 15.0 multiplied by 25 million 30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A less 

5 million unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B). 
 Year 3: 1.05 million capital gains incentive fee, calculated as follows: 

o 4.8 million cumulative fee (15.0 multiplied by 32 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains less 3 million unrealized capital depreciation)) less 3.75 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2) 

Year 4: 450,000 capital gains incentive fee, calculated as follows: 

o 5.25 million cumulative fee (15.0 multiplied by 35 million cumulative realized capital gains) less 4.8 million (previous cumulative capital gains fee paid in Year 2 and Year 3) 

Year 5: None 

o 3.75 million cumulative fee (15.0 multiplied by 25 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains less 10 million realized capital losses)) less 5.25 million (previous cumulative capital gains fee paid in Years 2, 3 and 4). 

11 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 ck0001849894-ex10_4.htm
 EX-10.4

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.4 
 ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN 
 MSD INVESTMENT CORP. AND 
 MSD PARTNERS, L.P. 
 This Agreement Agreement is made as of January [ ], 2023 by and between MSD Investment Corp., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and MSD Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Administrator ). 
 WHEREAS , the Company is a closed-end management investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ); 
 
 WHEREAS , the Company desires to retain the Administrator to provide administrative services to the Company in the manner and on the terms hereinafter set forth; and 
 
 WHEREAS , the Administrator is willing to provide administrative services to the Company on the terms and conditions hereafter set forth; 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and the covenants hereinafter contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Administrator hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Duties of the Administrator 

a. Employment of Administrator. The Company hereby employs the Administrator to act as administrator of the Company, and to furnish, or arrange for others to furnish, the administrative services, personnel and facilities described below, subject to review by and the overall control of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), for the period and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. The Administrator hereby accepts such employment and agrees during such period to render, or arrange for the rendering of, such services and to assume the obligations herein set forth subject to the reimbursement of costs and expenses provided for below. The Administrator and such others shall for all purposes herein be deemed to be independent contractors and shall, unless otherwise expressly provided or authorized herein, have no authority to act for or represent the Company in any way or otherwise be deemed agents of the Company. 

b. Services. The Administrator shall perform (or oversee, or arrange for, the performance of) the administrative services necessary for the operation of the Company. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrator shall provide the Company with office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping 

48134729.3 
 1 

and record keeping services and such other services as the Administrator, subject to review by the Board, shall from time to time determine to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Administrator shall also, on behalf of the Company, conduct relations with custodians, depositories, transfer agents, dividend disbursing agents, other stockholder servicing agents, accountants, attorneys, underwriters, brokers and dealers, corporate fiduciaries, insurers, banks and such other persons in any such other capacity deemed to be necessary or desirable. The Administrator shall make reports to the Board of its performance of obligations hereunder and furnish advice and recommendations with respect to such other aspects of the business and affairs of the Company as it shall determine to be desirable; provided that nothing herein shall be construed to require the Administrator to, and the Administrator shall not, in its capacity as Administrator pursuant to this Agreement, provide any advice or recommendation relating to the securities and other assets that the Company should purchase, retain or sell or any other investment advisory services to the Company. The Administrator shall be responsible for the financial and other records that the Company is required to maintain and shall prepare, print and disseminate reports to stockholders, and reports and other materials filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Administrator will provide on the Company s behalf significant managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which the Company is required to provide such assistance. In addition, the Administrator will assist the Company in determining and publishing (as necessary or appropriate) the Company s net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of the Company s tax returns, and generally overseeing the payment of the Company s expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Company by others. 
 
 2. Records 

The Administrator agrees to maintain and keep all books, accounts and other records of the Company that relate to activities performed by the Administrator hereunder and will maintain and keep such books, accounts and records in accordance with the Investment Company Act. In compliance with the requirements of Rule 31a-3 under the Investment Company Act, the Administrator agrees that all records which it maintains for the Company shall at all times remain the property of the Company, shall be readily accessible during normal business hours, and shall be promptly surrendered upon the termination of the Agreement or otherwise on written request. The Administrator further agrees that all records which it maintains for the Company pursuant to Rule 31a-1 under the Investment Company Act will be preserved for the periods prescribed by Rule 31a-2 under the Investment Company Act unless any such records are earlier surrendered as provided above. Records shall be surrendered in usable machine-readable form. The Administrator shall have the right to retain copies of such records subject to observance of its confidentiality obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 3. Confidentiality 

The parties hereto agree that each shall treat confidentially the terms and conditions of this Agreement and all information provided by each party to the other regarding its business and operations. All confidential information provided by a party hereto, including nonpublic personal 

48134729.3 
 2 

information (regulated pursuant to Regulation S-P of the SEC), shall be used by any other party hereto solely for the purpose of rendering services pursuant to this Agreement and, except as may be required in carrying out this Agreement, shall not be disclosed to any third party, without the prior consent of such providing party. The foregoing shall not be applicable to any information that is publicly available when provided or thereafter becomes publicly available other than through a breach of this Agreement, or that is required to be disclosed by any regulatory authority, any authority or legal counsel of the parties hereto, by judicial or administrative process or otherwise by applicable law or regulation. 
 
 4. Compensation; Allocation of Costs and Expenses 

In full consideration of the provision of the services of the Administrator, the Company shall reimburse the Administrator for its allocable portion (subject to the review and approval of the Board) of the costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities hereunder, including its allocable portion of the compensation paid to or compensatory distributions received by the Company s Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and any of their respective staff who provide services to the Company, operations staff who provide services to the Company, and internal audit staff, if any, to the extent internal audit performs a role in the Company s Sarbanes-Oxley internal control assessment. Except as otherwise provided herein or in that certain Investment Advisory Agreement, by and between the Company and the Administrator (the Administrator, in its capacity as adviser pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser ), as amended from time to time (the Advisory Agreement ), the Administrator shall be solely responsible for the compensation of its employees and all overhead expenses of the Administrator (including rent, office equipment and utilities). The Company will bear all other costs and expenses of its operations, administration and transactions, including (without limitation): (i) fees and costs incurred in organizing the Company; (ii) fees and costs associated with calculating net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); (iii) expenses, including travel, entertainment, lodging and meal expenses, incurred by the Adviser, or the portfolio managers and other members of the investment team, or payable to third parties, in evaluating, developing, negotiating, structuring and performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies, including such expenses related to potential investments that were not consummated, and, if necessary, enforcing the Company s rights; (iv) fees and expenses incurred by the Adviser (and their affiliates) or the Administrator (or its affiliates) payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for the Company and in conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments and equity sponsors, analyzing investment opportunities, structuring the Company s investments and monitoring investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis; (v) any and all fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the incurrence of leverage and indebtedness of the Company, including borrowings, dollar rolls, reverse purchase agreements, credit facilities, securitizations, margin financing and derivatives and swaps, and including any principal or interest on the Company s borrowings and indebtedness (including, without limitation, any fees, costs, and expenses incurred in obtaining lines of credit, loan commitments, and letters of credit for the account of the Company and in making, carrying, funding and/or otherwise resolving investment guarantees); (vi) fees and costs associated with offerings, sales, and repurchases of the Company s common stock and other securities; (vii) fees and expenses payable under any underwriting, dealer manager or placement agent agreements, if any; (viii) 

48134729.3 
 3 

investment advisory fees payable under this Agreement; (ix) administration fees and expenses, if any, payable under the Administration Agreement (including payments under the Administration Agreement between the Company and the Administrator, based upon the Company s allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of the Company s chief financial officer and chief compliance officer, and their respective staffs); (x) costs incurred in connection with investor relations, Board relations, and preparing for and effectuating the listing of the Company s common stock on any securities exchange; (xi) any applicable administrative agent fees or loan arranging fees incurred with respect to the Adviser s portfolio investments, the Administrator or an affiliate thereof; (xii) any and all fees, costs and expenses incurred in implementing or maintaining third-party or proprietary software tools, programs or other technology for the benefit of the Company (including, without limitation, any and all fees, costs and expenses of any investment, books and records, portfolio compliance and reporting systems, general ledger or portfolio accounting systems and similar systems and services, including, without limitation, consultant, software licensing, data management and recovery services fees and expenses); (xiii) transfer agent, dividend agent and custodial fees and expenses; (xiv) federal and state registration fees; (xv) all costs of registration and listing shares of the Company s common stock on any securities exchange; (xvi) federal, state and local taxes; (xvii) independent directors fees and expenses, including reasonable travel, entertainment, lodging and meal expenses, and any legal counsel or other advisers retained by, or at the discretion or for the benefit of, the independent directors; (xviii) costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC or other regulators, and all fees, costs and expenses related to compliance-related matters (such as developing and implementing specific policies and procedures in order to comply with certain regulatory requirements) and regulatory filings related to the Company s activities and/or other regulatory filings, notices or disclosures of the Adviser and its affiliates relating to the Company and its activities; (xix) costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs; (xx) fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; (xxi) direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors, tax preparers and outside legal costs; (xxii) proxy voting expenses; (xxiii) all expenses relating to payments of dividends or interest or distributions in cash or any other form made or caused to be made by the Board to or on account of holders of the securities of the Company, including in connection with any dividend reinvestment plan or direct stock purchase plan; (xxiv) costs incurred in connection with the formation or maintenance of entities or vehicles to hold the Company s assets for tax or other purposes; (xxv) the allocated costs incurred by the Adviser and/or the Administrator in providing managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request it; (xxvi) allocable fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts on behalf of the Company; (xxvii) all fees, costs and expenses of any litigation involving the Company or its portfolio companies and the amount of any judgments or settlements paid in connection therewith, directors and officers, liability or other insurance (including costs of title insurance) and indemnification (including advancement of any fees, costs or expenses to persons entitled to indemnification) or extraordinary expense or liability relating to Company s affairs; (xxviii) fees, costs and expenses of winding up and liquidating the Company s assets; and (xxix) all other expenses incurred by the Company, the Adviser or the Administrator in connection with administering the Company s business. 

48134729.3 
 4 

Additionally, the reimbursements required to be made to the Administrator by the Company as set forth above shall be capped such that the amounts payable to the Administrator by the Company under this Agreement will not exceed an amount of 0.15 of the total gross assets of the Company in any one calendar year. 
 
 5. Limitation of Liability of the Administrator; Indemnification 

The Administrator (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it) shall not be liable to the Company for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Administrator in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as administrator for the Company and the Company shall indemnify, defend and protect the Administrator (and its officers, members, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with the Administrator each of whom shall be deemed a third party beneficiary hereof) (collectively, the Indemnified Parties and hold them harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or its security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Administrator s duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as administrator for the Company. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence of this Section 5 to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall protect or be deemed to protect the Indemnified Parties against or entitle or be deemed to entitle the Indemnified Parties to indemnification in respect of, any liability to the Company or its security holders to which the Indemnified Parties would otherwise be subject by reason of criminal conduct, willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of the Administrator s duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of the Administrator s duties and obligations under this Agreement (to the extent applicable, as the same shall be determined in accordance with the Investment Company Act and any interpretations or guidance by the SEC or its staff thereunder). 
 
 6. Activities of the Administrator 

The services of the Administrator to the Company are not to be deemed to be exclusive, and the Administrator and each affiliate is free to render services to others. It is understood that directors, officers, employees and stockholders of the Company are or may become interested in the Administrator and its affiliates, as directors, officers, members, managers, employees, partners, stockholders or otherwise, and that the Administrator and directors, officers, members, managers, employees, partners and stockholders of the Administrator and its affiliates are or may become similarly interested in the Company as stockholders or otherwise. 
 
 7. Duration and Termination of this Agreement 

a. This Agreement shall become effective as of the first date above written. This Agreement shall continue in effect for two (2) years from the date first written above, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the vote of the board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company and (b) the vote of a majority of the Company s directors who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act) of any such party. 

48134729.3 
 5 

b. The Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, on sixty (60) days written notice, by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, or by the vote of the Board or by the Administrator. 

c. This Agreement may not be assigned by a party without the consent of the other party; provided , however , that the rights and obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall not be deemed to be assigned to a newly formed entity in the event of the merger of the Company into, or conveyance of all of the assets of the Company to, such newly formed entity; provided , further , however , that the sole purpose of that merger or conveyance is to effect a mere change in the Company s legal form into another limited liability entity. The provisions of Section 5 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the Administrator shall remain entitled to the benefits thereof, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement. 

8. Amendments of this Agreement 

This Agreement may be amended pursuant to a written instrument by mutual consent of the parties. 
 
 9. Severability . 

If any provision of this Agreement shall be held or made invalid by a court decision, statute or rule, or shall be otherwise rendered invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent compliance with the terms of this Agreement would violate any provision of the 1940 Act, such terms will be rendered invalid and the remainder of this Agreement shall be not be affected thereby. 
 
 10. Governing Law 

This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act. In such case, to the extent the applicable laws of the State of Maryland, or any of the provisions herein, conflict with the provisions of the Investment Company Act, the latter shall control. To the fullest extent permitted by the Investment Company Act and the Advisers Act, as amended, the sole and exclusive forum for any action, suit or proceeding with respect to this Agreement shall be a federal or state court located in the State of Maryland, and each party hereto, to the fullest extent permitted by law, hereby irrevocably waives any objection that it may have, whether now or in the future, to the laying of venue in, or to the jurisdiction of, any and each of such courts for the purposes of any such action, suit or proceeding and further waives any claim that any such action, suit or proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum, and each party hereto hereby submits to such jurisdiction and consents to process being served in any such action, suit or proceeding, without limitation, by United States mail addressed to the party at its principal office. 

48134729.3 
 6 

11. Entire Agreement 

This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 
 12. Notices 

Any notice under this Agreement shall be given in writing, addressed and delivered or mailed, postage prepaid, to the other party at its principal office. 
 
 13. Counterparts 

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together shall constitute a single agreement. Either party may deliver an executed copy of this Agreement, and of any documents contemplated hereby, by facsimile or other electronic transmission to the other party, and such delivery shall have the same force and effect as any other delivery of a manually signed copy of this Agreement or of such other documents. 
 
 14. No Third-Party Beneficiary 

Other than expressly provided for in Paragraph 5 of this Agreement, this Agreement does not, and is not intended to, confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than the parties to this Agreement; there are no third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, stockholders of the Company. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

48134729.3 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

MSD INVESTMENT CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Brian S. Williams 

Name: 
 Brian S. Williams 

Title: 
 CFO Treasurer 

MSD PARTNERS, L.P. 

By: 
 /s/ Robert K. Simonds 

Name: 
 Robert K. Simonds 

Title: 
 General Counsel CCO 

48134729.3 
 8 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 ck0001849894-ex10_5.htm
 EX-10.5

EX-10 

FIRST AMENDMENT 
 TO THE CUSTODY AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS FIRST AMENDMENT effective as of the last date on the signature block, to the Custody Agreement (the Agreement dated as of December 9, 2021, is entered into by and between MSD INVESTMENT CORP (f/k/a MSD Investment, LLC), a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , a national banking association organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America with its principal place of business at Minneapolis, Minnesota (the Custodian ). 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, the parties have entered into the Agreement; and 
 
 WHEREAS , the parties desire to update the Company s legal name from MSD Investment, LLC to MSD Investment Corp; and 
 
 WHEREAS, the parties desire to amend the Agreement to update the fees; and 
 
 WHEREAS, Section 18.1 of the Agreement allows for its amendment by a written instrument executed by both parties. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 
 
 1. The company has updated its legal name from MSD Investment, LLC to MSD Investment Corp. 

2. Section 8.1 of the Agreement is hereby superseded and replaced in its entirety with the following: 

8.1	 Fees. The Custodian and the Document Custodian shall be entitled to compensation for their services in accordance with of that certain fee letter dated December 8, 2021, among the Company, the Custodian and the Document Custodian and as it relates to collateral segregation services in accordance with Exhibit B attached hereto. 
 
 3. Except to the extent amended hereby, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE 

1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Thirteenth Amendment to be executed by a duly authorized officer on one or more counterparts as of the date and year last written below. 
 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By: 
 /s/ Greg Farley 

Name: 
 Greg Farley 

Title: 
 SVP 

Date: 
 11/11/2022 

MSD INVESTMENT CORP 

By: 
 /s/ Brian S. Williams 

Name: 
 Brian S. Williams 

Title: 
 CFO and Treasurer 

Date: 
 11/11/2022 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 6
 ck0001849894-ex10_10.htm
 EX-10.10

EX-10 

EX 10.10 
 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO LOAN FINANCING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT, dated as of November 21, 2022 (this Amendment ), among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Borrower ), MSD Investment Corp., a Maryland corporation, as equityholder (the Equityholder and as servicer (the Servicer ), Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch DBNY ), as facility agent (in such capacity, the Facility Agent and as a lender Lender and First Foundation Bank, Texas Capital Bank and Apple Bank for Savings, as joining lenders (each, a Joining Lender and, collectively, the Joining Lenders ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Equityholder, the Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as the collateral agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as the collateral custodian, the Facility Agent and each Agent and Lender party thereto are party to the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021 (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated and otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement ); 
 
 WHEREAS, each of the Joining Lenders desires to become a Lender under the Loan Agreement and related Transaction Documents; 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Servicer, the Facility Agent and the Lenders have agreed to amend the Loan Agreement in accordance with Section 17.2 of the Loan Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein; and 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 Definitions 
 
 SECTION 1.1. Defined Terms . Terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Loan Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 Amendments 
 
 SECTION 2.1. Amendments to the Loan Agreement . The Loan Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and to add the bold and double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: bold and double underlined text) as set forth on the pages of the Loan Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto. 
 SECTION 2.2. Amendments to the Exhibits and Schedules to the Loan Agreement . The Exhibits and Schedules to the Loan Agreement are hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the 
 1 
 
 same manner as the following example: stricken text and to add the bold and double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: bold and double underlined text) as set forth on the pages of the Exhibits and Schedules to the Loan Agreement attached as Exhibit B hereto. 
 
 SECTION 2.3. The parties hereto acknowledge that U.S. Bank National Association has informed them that U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association is the successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association by an assignment from U.S. Bank National Association of its rights, interests and obligations in its roles as Secured Party or Collateral Agent, as applicable, and all Transaction Documents are hereby amended to delete all references to U.S. Bank National Association in its role as Secured Party and Collateral Agent, and insert U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association in lieu thereof. 
 
 SECTION 2.4. The Borrower, the Equityholder and DBNY acknowledge that from the beginning of the Accrual Period currently in effect to but excluding the date of this Amendment, the Base Rate shall be 4.41471000 . The parties hereto acknowledge that from the date of this Amendment to and including the end of the Accrual Period currently in effect, the Base Rate shall be 4.2844600 . 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 Joining Lenders 
 
 SECTION 3.1. Each of the Joining Lenders is hereby joined to the Loan Agreement and all related Transaction Documents, in each case, as a Lender . 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 Conditions to Effectiveness 
 
 SECTION 4.1. This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first written above upon the satisfaction of the following conditions: 
 
 (a) execution and delivery of this Amendment by each party hereto; and 

(b) all fees (including reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of external counsel to the extent invoiced one Business Day prior to the date hereof) due to the Lenders on or prior to the effective date of this Amendment have been paid in full. 

ARTICLE V 
 
 Representations and Warranties 
 
 SECTION 5.1. The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Facility Agent and the Lenders that, as of the date first written above, (i) no Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default, Servicer Default or Unmatured Servicer Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in the Loan Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such day (other than any representation and warranty that is made as of a specific date). 
 
 2 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 SECTION 6.1. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

SECTION 6.2. Severability Clause . In case any provision in this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 SECTION 6.3. Ratification . Except as expressly amended and waived hereby, the Loan Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 SECTION 6.4. Counterparts; Electronic Execution . The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Amendment in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by email transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. The parties agree that this Amendment may be executed and delivered by electronic signatures and that the electronic signatures appearing on this Amendment are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility. 
 
 SECTION 6.5. Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof. 
 
 [Signature pages follow] 

3 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. 

MSD BDC SPV I, LLC , as Borrower 

By: 
 /s/ Marcello Liguori 

Name: 
 Marcello Liguori 

Title: 
 Authorized Signatory 

[Signature Page to Amendment to LFSA] 

MSD INVESTMENT, LLC, as Equityholder and as Servicer 

By: 
 /s/ Marcello Liguori 

Name: 
 Marcello Liguori 

Title: 
 Authorized Signatory 

[Signature Page to Amendment to LFSA] 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, as Facility Agent 

By: 
 /s/ Amith Patel 

Name: Amith Patel 

Title: Managing Director 

By 
 /s/ Erica Flor 

Name: Erica Flor 

Title: VP 

[Signature Page to Amendment to LFSA] 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, as an Agent and as Committed Lender 

By: 
 /s/ Amith Patel 

Name: Amith Patel 

Title: Managing Director 

By 
 /s/ Erica Flor 

Name: Erica Flor 

Title: VP 

[Signature Page to Amendment to LFSA] 

APPLE BANK FOR SAVINGS, as a Committed Lender 

By: 
 /s/ Bunt Feinberg 

Name: Bunt Feinberg 

Title: Managing Director 

[Signature Page to Amendment to LFSA] 

FIRST FOUNDATION BANK, as a Committed Lender 

By: 
 /s/ Joe Kucik 

Name: Joe Kucik 

Title: Senior Vice President 

[Signature Page to Amendment to LFSA] 

TEXAS CAPITAL BANK, as a Committed Lender 

By: 
 /s/ Ana Vega 

Name: Ana Vega 

Title: Vice President Corporate Banking 

[Signature Page to Amendment to LFSA] 

Exhibit A 
 
 CONFORMED LOAN FINANCING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 

EXECUTION VERSION Conformed through Amendment No. 1 to the LFSA dated as of November 21, 2022 

LOAN FINANCING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 

dated as of December 21, 2021 

MSD BDC SPV I, LLC 
 as Borrower, 

MSD INVESTMENT , LLC CORP. 
 as Equityholder and as Servicer, 

THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTIES HERETO, 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH 
 as Facility Agent, 

THE OTHER AGENTS PARTIES HERETO, 

and 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 
 as Collateral Agent and 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Custodian 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I 
 DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.1 
 Defined Terms. 
 1 1 

Section 1.2 
 Other Definitional Provisions. 
 49 49 45 

ARTICLE II 
 THE FACILITY, ADVANCE PROCEDURES AND NOTES 

Section 2.1 
 Advances 
 47 

Section 2.2 
 Funding of Advances. 
 51 51 47 

Section 2.3 
 Notes. 
 52 52 48 

Section 2.4 
 Repayment and Prepayments. 
 52 52 48 

Section 2.5 
 Permanent Reduction of Facility Amount. 
 53 53 49 

Section 2.6 
 Extension of Revolving Period. 
 53 53 49 

Section 2.7 
 Calculation of Discount Factor. 
 49 

Section 2.8 
 Increase in Facility Amount 
 50 

Section 2.9 
 Defaulting Lenders 
 54 54 50 

ARTICLE III 
 YIELD, UNDRAWN FEE, ETC. 

Section 3.1 
 Yield and Undrawn Fee. 
 51 

Section 3.2 
 Yield and Undrawn Fee Distribution Dates 
 51 

Section 3.3 
 Yield Calculation. 
 51 

Section 3.4 
 Computation of Yield, Fees, Etc 
 51 

ARTICLE IV 
 PAYMENTS; TAXES 

Section 4.1 
 Making of Payments. 
 56 56 52 

Section 4.2 
 Due Date Extension. 
 52 

Section 4.3 
 Taxes. 
 56 57 52 

- i - 

ARTICLE V 
 INCREASED COSTS, ETC. 

Section 5.1 
 
 Increased Costs, Capital Adequacy 
 60 61 55 

ARTICLE VI 
 EFFECTIVENESS; CONDITIONS TO ADVANCES 

Section 6.1 
 
 Effectiveness. 
 62 62 56 

Section 6.2 
 
 Advances and Reinvestments. 
 64 64 58 

Section 6.3 
 
 Transfer of Collateral Obligations and Permitted Investments 
 66 66 60 

ARTICLE VII 
 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF COLLATERAL 

OBLIGATIONS 

Section 7.1 
 
 Retention and Termination of the Servicer 
 61 

Section 7.2 
 
 Resignation and Removal of the Servicer; Appointment of 

Successor Servicer. 
 61 

Section 7.3 
 
 Duties of the Servicer 
 62 

Section 7.4 
 
 Representations and Warranties of the Servicer. 
 70 70 63 

Section 7.5 
 
 Covenants of the Servicer and Equityholder. 
 66 

Section 7.6 
 
 Servicing Fees; Payment of Certain Expenses by Servicer. 
 77 77 69 

Section 7.7 
 
 Collateral Reporting 
 77 77 69 

Section 7.8 
 
 Notices. 
 77 78 69 

Section 7.9 
 
 Procedural Review of Collateral Obligations; Access to 

Servicer and Servicer s Records. 
 70 

Section 7.10 
 Optional Sales. 
 70 

Section 7.11 
 Repurchase or Substitution of Warranty Collateral Obligations. 
 80 80 72 

Section 7.12 
 Servicing of REO Assets. 
 80 81 72 

ARTICLE VIII 
 ACCOUNTS; PAYMENTS 

Section 8.1 
 
 Accounts. 
 82 82 74 

Section 8.2 
 
 Excluded Amounts 
 84 84 75 

Section 8.3 
 
 Distributions, Reinvestment and Dividends. 
 84 84 75 

- ii - 

Section 8.4 
 Fees. 
 88 88 78 

Section 8.5 
 Monthly Report 
 88 88 79 

ARTICLE IX REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BORROWER 

Section 9.1 
 Organization and Good Standing 
 80 

Section 9.2 
 Due Qualification 
 80 

Section 9.3 
 Power and Authority. 
 80 

Section 9.4 
 Binding Obligations. 
 80 

Section 9.5 
 Security Interest. 
 90 90 80 

Section 9.6 
 No Violation 
 81 

Section 9.7 
 No Proceedings. 
 81 

Section 9.8 
 No Consents. 
 81 

Section 9.9 
 Solvency 
 81 

Section 9.10 
 Compliance with Laws. 
 82 

Section 9.11 
 Taxes. 
 82 

Section 9.12 
 Monthly Report 
 82 

Section 9.13 
 No Liens, Etc. 
 82 

Section 9.14 
 Information True and Correct. 
 82 

Section 9.15 
 Bulk Sales. 
 82 

Section 9.16 
 Collateral 
 82 

Section 9.17 
 Selection Procedures. 
 82 

Section 9.18 
 Indebtedness 
 82 

Section 9.19 
 No Injunctions 
 82 

Section 9.20 
 No Subsidiaries. 
 82 

Section 9.21 
 ERISA Matters 
 82 

Section 9.22 
 Investment Company Status. 
 84 

- iii - 

Section 9.23 
 Set-Off, Etc. 
 84 

Section 9.24 
 Collections. 
 84 

Section 9.25 
 Value Given. 
 84 

Section 9.26 
 Use of Proceeds 
 84 

Section 9.27 
 Separate Existence. 
 84 

Section 9.28 
 Transaction Documents. 
 84 

Section 9.29 
 EEA/UK Financial Institution 
 85 

Section 9.30 
 Anti-Terrorism, Anti-Money Laundering. 
 85 

Section 9.31 
 Anti-Bribery and Corruption 
 96 96 85 

Section 9.32 
 Volcker Rule. 
 86 

Section 9.33 
 AIFMD 
 96 97 86 

ARTICLE X 
 COVENANTS 

Section 10.1 
 Protection of Security Interest of the Secured Parties. 
 86 

Section 10.2 
 Other Liens or Interests 
 98 98 87 

Section 10.3 
 Costs and Expenses 
 98 98 87 

Section 10.4 
 Reporting Requirements. 
 98 98 87 

Section 10.5 
 Separate Existence. 
 88 

Section 10.6 
 Hedging Agreements. 
 90 

Section 10.7 
 Tangible Net Worth. 
 92 

Section 10.8 
 Taxes. 
 92 

Section 10.9 
 Merger, Consolidation, Etc. 
 92 

Section 10.10 
 Deposit of Collections 
 92 

Section 10.11 
 Indebtedness; Guarantees 
 92 

Section 10.12 
 Limitation on Purchases from Affiliates 
 92 

Section 10.13 
 Transaction Documents. 
 93 

- iv - 

Section 10.14 
 Preservation of Existence 
 93 

Section 10.15 
 Limitation on Investments. 
 93 

Section 10.16 
 Distributions 
 105 105 93 

Section 10.17 
 Performance of Borrower Assigned Agreements. 
 93 

Section 10.18 
 Further Assurances; Financing Statements. 
 94 

Section 10.19 
 Obligor Payment Instructions. 
 106 106 94 

Section 10.20 
 Delivery of Collateral Obligation Files 
 94 

Section 10.21 
 ERISA. 
 95 

Section 10.22 
 Risk Retention 
 95 

Section 10.23 
 Proceedings. 
 109 109 97 

Section 10.24 
 Officer s Certificate.[Reserved] 
 97 

Section 10.25 
 Policies and Procedures for Sanctions. 
 97 

Section 10.26 
 Compliance with Sanctions 
 97 

Section 10.27 
 Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering. 
 97 

Section 10.28 
 Ineligible Collateral. 
 110 110 98 

ARTICLE XI THE COLLATERAL AGENT 

Section 11.1 
 Appointment of Collateral Agent 
 98 

Section 11.2 
 Monthly Reports. 
 98 

Section 11.3 
 Collateral Administration 
 98 

Section 11.4 
 Removal or Resignation of Collateral Agent 
 114 114 101 

Section 11.5 
 Representations and Warranties 
 102 

Section 11.6 
 No Adverse Interest of Collateral Agent. 
 102 

Section 11.7 
 Reliance of Collateral Agent 
 102 

Section 11.8 
 Limitation of Liability and Collateral Agent Rights 
 102 

Section 11.9 
 Tax Reports 
 105 

- v - 

Section 11.10 
 Merger or Consolidation. 
 105 

Section 11.11 
 Collateral Agent Compensation 
 118 119 105 

Section 11.12 
 Compliance with Applicable Anti-Bribery and Corruption, 

Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Regulations. 
 105 

ARTICLE XII GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST 

Section 12.1 
 Borrower s Grant of Security Interest 
 105 

Section 12.2 
 Borrower Remains Liable. 
 107 

Section 12.3 
 Release of Collateral. 
 121 121 107 

ARTICLE XIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

Section 13.1 
 Events of Default. 
 107 

Section 13.2 
 Effect of Event of Default 
 124 124 109 

Section 13.3 
 Rights upon Event of Default. 
 124 124 110 

Section 13.4 
 Collateral Agent May Enforce Claims Without Possession of 

Notes. 
 110 

Section 13.5 
 Collective Proceedings 
 111 

Section 13.6 
 Insolvency Proceedings. 
 111 

Section 13.7 
 Delay or Omission Not Waiver 
 112 

Section 13.8 
 Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws. 
 112 

Section 13.9 
 Limitation on Duty of Collateral Agent in Respect of 

Collateral 
 127 127 112 

Section 13.10 
 Power of Attorney 
 112 

ARTICLE XIV THE FACILITY AGENT 

Section 14.1 
 Appointment. 
 128 128 113 

Section 14.2 
 Delegation of Duties. 
 129 129 113 

Section 14.3 
 Exculpatory Provisions. 
 129 129 113 

Section 14.4 
 Reliance by Note Agents. 
 129 129 113 

- vi - 

Section 14.5 
 Notices. 
 130 130 114 

Section 14.6 
 Non-Reliance on Note Agents. 
 130 130 114 

Section 14.7 
 Indemnification. 
 114 

Section 14.8 
 Successor Note Agent. 
 114 

Section 14.9 
 Note Agents in their Individual Capacity. 
 116 

Section 14.10 
 Borrower Audit. 
 116 

Section 14.11 
 Compliance with Applicable Anti-Bribery and Corruption, 

Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Regulations. 
 116 

Section 14.12 
 Erroneous Payment. 
 132 132 116 

ARTICLE XV ASSIGNMENTS 

Section 15.1 
 Restrictions on Assignments by the Borrower and the Servicer 
 118 

Section 15.2 
 Documentation 
 118 

Section 15.3 
 Rights of Assignee. 
 119 

Section 15.4 
 Assignment by Lenders 
 119 

Section 15.5 
 Registration; Registration of Transfer and Exchange. 
 119 

Section 15.6 
 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Notes. 
 137 137 120 

Section 15.7 
 Persons Deemed Owners. 
 121 

Section 15.8 
 Cancellation. 
 121 

Section 15.9 
 Participations; Pledge 
 138 138 121 

Section 15.10 
 Reallocation of Advances. 
 138 139 122 

ARTICLE XVI INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 16.1 
 Borrower Indemnity 
 139 139 122 

Section 16.2 
 Servicer Indemnity 
 123 

Section 16.3 
 Contribution. 
 123 

Section 16.4 
 After-Tax Basis 
 140 141 123 

- vii - 

ARTICLE XVII MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 17.1 
 No Waiver; Remedies. 
 123 

Section 17.2 
 Amendments, Waivers. 
 123 

Section 17.3 
 Notices, Etc. 
 142 142 123 

Section 17.4 
 Costs and Expenses 
 123 

Section 17.5 
 Binding Effect; Survival. 
 123 

Section 17.6 
 Captions and Cross References 
 123 

Section 17.7 
 Severability. 
 126 

Section 17.8 
 GOVERNING LAW 
 126 

Section 17.9 
 Counterparts 
 126 

Section 17.10 
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 126 

Section 17.11 
 No Proceedings. 
 126 

Section 17.12 
 Limited Recourse. 
 127 

Section 17.13 
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 127 

Section 17.14 
 Confidentiality. 
 145 145 127 

Section 17.15 
 Non-Confidentiality of Tax Treatment. 
 146 146 128 

Section 17.16 
 Replacement of Lenders. 
 146 146 128 

Section 17.17 
 Consent to Jurisdiction 
 147 147 129 

Section 17.18 
 Option to Acquire Rating 
 147 148 129 

Section 17.19 
 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected 

Financial Institutions 
 129 

Section 17.20 
 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. 
 148 148 130 

ARTICLE XVIII COLLATERAL CUSTODIAN 

Section 18.1 
 Designation of Collateral Custodian 
 130 

Section 18.2 
 Duties of the Collateral Custodian 
 149 149 130 

- viii - 

Section 18.3 
 Delivery of Collateral Obligation Files 
 151 151 132 

Section 18.4 
 Collateral Obligation File Certification. 
 133 

Section 18.5 
 Release of Collateral Obligation Files. 
 152 152 133 

Section 18.6 
 Examination of Collateral Obligation Files. 
 154 154 133 

Section 18.7 
 Lost Note Affidavit. 
 154 154 133 

Section 18.8 
 Transmission of Collateral Obligation Files. 
 133 

Section 18.9 
 Merger or Consolidation. 
 133 

Section 18.10 
 Collateral Custodian Compensation. 
 133 

Section 18.11 
 Removal or Resignation of Collateral Custodian. 
 136 

Section 18.12 
 Limitations on Liability. 
 156 156 136 

Section 18.13 
 Collateral Custodian as Agent of Collateral Agent 
 157 157 137 

EXHIBIT A 
 Form of Note 

EXHIBIT B 
 Audit Standards 

EXHIBIT C-1 
 Form of Advance Request 

EXHIBIT C-2 
 Form of Reinvestment Request 

EXHIBIT C-3 
 Form of Electronic Asset Approval Request 

EXHIBIT C-4 
 Form of Prepayment Notice 

EXHIBIT C-5 
 Form of Electronic Asset Approval Notice 

EXHIBIT D 
 Form of Monthly Report 

EXHIBIT E 
 Form of Joinder Agreement 

EXHIBIT F-1 
 Authorized Representatives of Servicer 

EXHIBIT F-2 
 Request for Release and Receipt 

EXHIBIT F-3 
 Request for Release of Request for Release and Receipt 

EXHIBIT G-1 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Lender - non-Partnerships) 

EXHIBIT G-2 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Participant - non-Partnerships) 

EXHIBIT G-3 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Participants - Partnerships) 

EXHIBIT G-4 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Lenders - Partnerships) 

EXHIBIT H 
 Schedule of Collateral Obligations Certification 

SCHEDULE 1 
 Diversity Score Calculation 

SCHEDULE 2 
 Moody s Industry Classification Group List 

SCHEDULE 3 
 Collateral Obligations 

SCHEDULE 4 
 Credit and Collection Policy 

SCHEDULE 5 
 Account Numbers 

ANNEX A 
 Notice Information 

ANNEX B 
 Commitments 

- ix - 
 
 LOAN FINANCING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS LOAN FINANCING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of December 21, 2021, among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), MSD INVESTMENT CORP. (formerly known as MSD INVESTMENT , LLC ,), a Maryland limited liability company corporation , as equityholder (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the Equityholder ), the SERVICER (as hereinafter defined), each LENDER (as hereinafter defined) FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, the AGENTS for each LENDER GROUP (as hereinafter defined) from time to time parties hereto (each such party, in such capacity, together with their respective successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, an Agent ), U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association ), as Collateral Agent and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Custodian (each as hereinafter defined), and DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, as Facility Agent (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the Facility Agent ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower desires that each Lender extend financing on the terms and conditions set forth herein and also desires to retain the Servicer to perform certain servicing functions related to the Collateral Obligations (as defined herein) on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and 
 
 WHEREAS, each Lender desires to extend financing on the terms and conditions set forth herein and the Servicer desires to perform certain servicing functions related to the Collateral Obligations on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, based upon the foregoing Recitals, the premises and the mutual agreements herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 DEFINITIONS 
 
 Section 1.1 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: 
 
 1940 Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time. 
 
 Account means the Unfunded Exposure Account, the Principal Collection Account and the Interest Collection Account, together with any sub-accounts deemed appropriate or necessary by the Securities Intermediary, for convenience in administering such accounts. 

Account Collateral has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1(d) . 
 
 Account Control Agreement means the Securities Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, as pledgor, the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties, as secured party, and the Securities Intermediary. 

Accrual Period means, with respect to any Distribution Date, the period from and including the Determination Date for the immediately prior Distribution Date (or, in the case of the first Distribution Date , from and including occurring after the First Amendment Effective Date and only with respect to calculating the Amount Available, any Repurchased Collateral Obligation, any Servicing Fee, any Substituted Collateral Obligation, Undrawn Fee, Sections 2.4(b)(iii), 7.6, 8.1(b), 8.3(i)(B), 8.3(i)(C) and 10.22(b), excluding the Determination Date preceding the previous Distribution Date through and including the day preceding the Determination Date for such Distribution Date. 
 
 Adjusted Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Balance means, as of any date, the Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Amount minus the Excess Concentration Amount on such date. 
 
 Advance has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) . 
 
 Advance Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) . 
 
 Advance Rate means, with respect to any Eligible Collateral Obligation on any date of determination, the corresponding percentage for the type of Eligible Collateral Obligation as set forth below: 

Priority Leverage 

Type of Eligible 
 Multiple 

Collateral Obligation 
 LM 
 Advance Rate 

First Lien Loan 
 N/A 
 67.5 

Senior Secured Bond 
 N/A 
 65.0 

FILO Loan 
 1.00x LM 
 60.0 

FILO Loan 
 1.50x LM 
 55.0 

FILO Loan 
 2.00x LM 2.50x 
 50.0 

DB Tranched Second 

Lien Loan 
 N/A 
 35.0 

Second Lien Loan 
 N/A 
 30.0 

As used in this definition, Priority Leverage Multiple LM means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, for the most recent relevant period of time for which the Borrower has received the financial statements of the relevant Obligor, the ratio of (i) Indebtedness of the relevant Obligor that is senior or first out in terms of payment or lien subordination to Indebtedness of such Obligor held by the Borrower less Unrestricted Cash of the relevant Obligor to (ii) EBITDA of such Obligor. 
 
 Advance Request has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).	 
 
 Adverse Claim means any claim of ownership or any Lien, title retention, trust or other charge or encumbrance, or other type of preferential arrangement having the effect or purpose of creating a Lien, other than Permitted Liens. 

- 2 - 
 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Affected Person has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1 . 
 
 Affiliate of any Person means any other Person that directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with such Person (excluding any trustee under, or any committee with responsibility for administering, any employee benefit plan). For the purposes of this definition, Control means the possession, directly or indirectly (including through affiliated entities), of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, provision of management services, by contract or otherwise, and the terms Controlling and Controlled shall have meanings correlative thereto. 
 
 Agent has the meaning set forth in the Preamble . 
 
 Agent Account means an account which is created and maintained on the books and records of the Equityholder or any of its Affiliates (other than the Borrower) and into which the Obligor of an MSD Agented Loan is directed to remit all payments relating to the applicable Underlying Instruments. 
 
 Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Amount means, as of any date, the sum of the Collateral Obligation Amounts for all Eligible Collateral Obligations. 
 
 Aggregate Funded Spread means, as of any date of determination, the sum of: (a) in the case of each Eligible Collateral Obligation (including, for any Deferrable Collateral Obligation, only the required current cash pay interest thereon) that bears interest at a spread over a London interbank offered rate based index, (i) the sum of (I) the stated interest rate spread on each such Collateral Obligation above such index plus (II) for each such Collateral Obligation that provides for a minimum index amount, the excess, if any, of such minimum index amount over such index multiplied by (ii) the Collateral Obligation Amount of each such Collateral Obligation, plus (b) day, the sum of: (a) in the case of each Eligible Collateral Obligation (including, for any Deferrable Collateral Obligation, only the required current cash pay interest thereon) that bears interest at a spread over an index other than a London interbank offered rate based index , (A) the excess (which excess may be expressed as a negative percentage) for each such Collateral Obligation of (x) the sum of (I) the sum of such spread (inclusive of any credit adjustment spread, if any) for each such Collateral Obligation and such index for each such Collateral Obligation over the LIBORplus (II) for each such Collateral Obligation that provides for a minimum index amount, the excess, if any, of such minimum index amount over such index on such date of determination, over (y) the Base Rate for such applicable period of time (which spread or excess may be expressed as a negative percentage) in effect for the Accrual Period that includes such date of determination multiplied by (B) the Collateral Obligation Amount of each such Collateral Obligation plus cb in the case of each Eligible Collateral Obligation (including, for any Deferrable Collateral Obligation,only the required current cash pay interest thereon) that is a Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation, xi the excess (which excess may be expressed as a negative percentage) for each such Collateral Obligation of (x) the interest rate for such Collateral Obligation minus the then-applicable LIBOR rate of a period matchingover (y) the term to maturityBase Rate in effect for the Accrual Period that includes such date of such Collateral Obligationdetermination multiplied by yii the Collateral Obligation Amount of each such Collateral Obligation. 

- 3 - 
 
 Aggregate Notional Amount means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of the notional amounts or equivalent amounts of all outstanding Hedging Agreements, Replacement Hedging Agreements and Qualified Substitute Arrangements, each as of such date. 
 
 Aggregate Unfunded Amount means, as of any date of determination, the sum of the unfunded commitments and all other standby or contingent commitments associated with each Variable Funding Asset included in the Collateral as of such date. The Aggregate Unfunded Amount shall not include any commitments under Variable Funding Assets that have expired, terminated or been reduced to zero, and shall be reduced concurrently (and upon notice thereof to the Facility Agent) with each documented reduction in commitments of the Borrower under such Variable Funding Assets. 
 
 Agreement means this Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement (including each annex, exhibit and schedule hereto), as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 AIF has the meaning given to the term under the AIFMD and/or UK AIFM Regulations as relevant. 
 
 AIFM has the meaning given to the term under the AIFMD and/or UK AIFM Regulations as relevant. 
 
 AIFMD means (a) Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on Alternative Investment Fund Managers and amending Directives 2003/41/EC and 2009/65/EC and Regulations (EC) No. 1060/2009 and (EU) No. 1095/2010, as the same may be amended, supplemented, superseded or re-adopted from time to time (whether with or without qualification) and (b) any applicable law of a member state of the European Union implementing the AIFMD. 
 
 Alternate Base Rate means a fluctuating rate per annum as shall be in effect from time to time, which rate shall be at all times equal to the highest of: 
 
 (a) the rate of interest announced publicly by DBNY in New York, New York, from time to time as DBNY s base commercial lending rate; 

(b) of one percent above the Federal Funds Rate; and 

(c) 0. 

Amount Available means, with respect to any Distribution Date, the sum of (a) the amount of Collections with respect to the related Collection Accrual Period (excluding any Collections necessary to settle the acquisition of Eligible Collateral Obligations), plus (b) any investment income earned on amounts on deposit in the Collection Account since the immediately prior Distribution Date (or since the Effective Date in the case of the first Distribution Date). 
 
 Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 9.31(a). 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 9.30(b). 
 
 Applicable Banking Law means, for any Person, all existing and future laws, rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions, including, without limitation, those relating to anti-bribery and corruption, the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering, including the Anti-Money Laundering Laws, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, other applicable anti-bribery and corruption legislation, and Section 326 of the USA Patriot Act. 
 
 - 4 - 

Applicable Conversion Rate means, with respect to Euros or CADs (x) for an actual currency exchange, the applicable currency Dollar spot rate obtained by the Servicer through customary banking channels, including the Collateral Agent s own banking facilities or (y) for all other purposes, the applicable currency Dollar spot rate that appeared on the Bloomberg screen for such currency (i) if such date is a Determination Date, at the end of such day or (ii) otherwise, at the end of the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 
 Applicable Exchange Rate means with respect to any Collateral Obligation denominated and payable in Euros or CADs on any day, the lesser of (a) the applicable currency Dollar spot rate used by the Borrower (as determined by the Servicer) to acquire such currency on the related Cut Off Date and (b) the Applicable Conversion Rate for such currency. 
 
 Applicable Law means, for any Person, all existing and future laws, rules, regulations (including temporary and final income tax regulations), statutes, treaties, codes, ordinances, permits, certificates, orders, licenses of and interpretations by any Official Body applicable to such Person and applicable judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs, awards or orders of any court, arbitrator or other administrative, judicial, or quasi-judicial tribunal or agency of competent jurisdiction. 
 
 Applicable Margin means (x) prior to the end of the Revolving Period, 2. 15 41 per annum and (y) from and after the end of the Revolving Period, 2. 275 535 per annum; provided that after the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Applicable Margin shall be increased by 2.00 per annum. 
 
 Appraised Value means, with respect to any Asset Based Loan, the most recently calculated appraised value of the pro rata portion of the underlying collateral securing such Collateral Obligation as determined by an Approved Valuation Firm. 
 
 Approved Valuation Firm means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, any valuation firm either (a) specified on the related Asset Approval Request or Reinvestment Request and approved by the Facility Agent and the Borrower or (b) otherwise approved in writing by the Facility Agent in its sole discretion. 
 
 Article 7 Transparency and Reporting Requirements means the reporting requirements set out in Article 7(1) of the EU Securitization Regulation, together with any relevant technical standards and regulations adopted by the European Commission in relation thereto, and, in each case any relevant guidance published in relation thereto as may be effective from time to time. 
 
 Asset Approval Notice means an electronic notice containing the information from Exhibit C-5 and that provides the approval of the Facility Agent, in its sole discretion, to the acquisition (or incremental pledge) of one or more Collateral Obligations. 
 
 Asset Approval Request means an electronic notice to the Facility Agent in the form of an email that (a) either (i) is in the form of Exhibit C-3 or (ii) notifies the Facility Agent that the information required by Exhibit C-3 has been posted to the relevant data site and (b) requests the approval of the Facility Agent, in its sole discretion, of one or more Collateral Obligations. 

- 5 - 
 
 Asset Based Loan means any Loan where (i) the underwriting of such Loan was based primarily on the appraised value of the assets securing such Loan and (ii) advances in respect of such Loan are governed by a borrowing base relating to the assets securing such Loan. 
 
 Asset Coverage Ratio means the ratio, determined on a consolidated basis based on the quarterly financial statements and/or annual financial statements, as applicable, of the Servicer, without duplication, of (a) the fair market value of the total assets of the Servicer and its consolidated Subsidiaries as required by, and as determined in accordance with, GAAP and Applicable Law and any orders of the Securities and Exchange Commission issued to the Servicer, to be determined by the board of directors of the Servicer and reviewed by its auditors on a quarterly basis, less all liabilities (other than Indebtedness, including Indebtedness hereunder) of the Servicer and its consolidated Subsidiaries, to (b) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness of the Servicer and its consolidated Subsidiaries, in each case as determined pursuant to the 1940 Act and any orders of the Securities and Exchange Commission issued to or with respect to the Servicer thereunder, including any exemptive relief granted by the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to the indebtedness of any Subsidiary for purposes of the calculation of such ratio under the 1940 Act. 
 
 Attaching Leverage Multiple means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation for the most recent relevant period of time for which the Borrower has received the financial statements of the relevant Obligor, the ratio of (i) Indebtedness of the relevant Obligor that is senior in terms of payment or lien subordination to Indebtedness of such Obligor held by the Borrower less Unrestricted Cash of the relevant Obligor to (ii) EBITDA of such Obligor. 
 
 Assigned Participation Interest means a Participation Interest in a loan acquired by the Equityholder from affiliated funds of the Equityholder, and in turn acquired by the Borrower from the Equityholder under the Sale Agreement. 
 
 Average Life means, as of any day with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the products of (a) the number of years (rounded up to the nearest one hundredth thereof) from such day to the respective dates of each successive Scheduled Collateral Obligation Payment of principal on such Collateral Obligation (assuming, for purposes of this definition, the full exercise of any option to extend the maturity date or otherwise lengthen the maturity schedule that is exercisable without the consent of the Borrower) multiplied by (b) the respective amounts of principal of such Scheduled Collateral Obligation Payments by (ii) the sum of all successive Scheduled Collateral Obligation Payments of principal on such Collateral Obligation. 
 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United 
 
 - 6 - 
 
 Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 
 Bankruptcy Code means the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. 101, et seq., as amended. 
 
 Base Rate for any Advance means a rate per annum equal to the LIBOR RateTerm SOFR for such Advance or portion thereof; provided , that in the case of 
 
 (a) any day on or after the first day on which a Lender shall have notified the Facility Agent that the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation makes it unlawful, or any central bank or other Official Body asserts that it is unlawful, for such Lender to fund such Advance at the Base Rate set forth above (and such Lender shall not have subsequently notified the Facility Agent that such circumstances no longer exist), or 

(b) any period in the event the LIBOR RateTerm SOFR is not reasonably available to any Lender for such period, 

subject to Section 17.2, the Base Rate shall be a floating rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate in effect on each day of such period. 
 
 Basel III Regulation means, with respect to any Affected Person, any rule, regulation or guideline applicable to such Affected Person and arising directly or indirectly from (a) any of the following documents prepared by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision of the Bank of International Settlements: (i) Basel III: International Framework for Liquidity Risk Measurement, Standards and Monitoring (December 2010), (ii) Basel III: A Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient Banks and Banking Systems (June 2011), (iii) Basel III: The Liquidity Coverage Ratio and Liquidity Risk Monitoring Tools (January 2013), or (iv) any document supplementing, clarifying or otherwise relating to any of the foregoing, or (b) any accord, treaty, statute, law, rule, regulation, guideline or pronouncement (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental authority implementing, furthering or complementing any of the principles set forth in the foregoing documents of strengthening capital and liquidity, in each case as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Basel III Regulation shall include Part 6 of the European Union regulation 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the CRR and any law, regulation, standard, guideline, directive or other publication supplementing or otherwise modifying the CRR. 
 
 BDT means BDT Company Holdings, LP a Delaware limited partnership. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, which certification shall be substantially similar in form and substance to the form of Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers published in May 2018 to comply with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network customer due diligence rules. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 
 Benefit Plan Investor means (a) any employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of Title I of ERISA) that is subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA, (b) any plan as defined in Section 4975(e) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (c) any governmental or other plan or arrangement that is not subject to ERISA or to Section 4975 of the Code but is subject to any law or restriction substantially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or (d) any entity whose underlying 
 
 - 7 - 
 
 assets include plan assets of the foregoing employee benefit plans or plans (within the meaning of the DOL Regulations or otherwise). 
 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 
 Borrower has the meaning set forth in the Preamble . 
 
 Borrower Assigned Agreements has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1(c). 
 
 Borrowing Base means, as of any date of determination, (i) the product of the lower of 
 
 (a) the Weighted Average Advance Rate and (b) the Maximum Portfolio Advance Rate multiplied by the Adjusted Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Balance plus (ii) the amount of Principal Collections on deposit in the Principal Collection Account minus (iii) the Aggregate Unfunded Amount plus (iv) the amount on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account. 
 
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in New York, New York or the city in which the offices of the Collateral Agent or Collateral Custodian are located are authorized or obligated by law, executive order or government decree to remain closed ; provided that, when used in connection with the LIBOR Rate, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which dealings in deposits in Dollars are not carried out in the London interbank market.. All references to any day or any particular day of any calendar month shall mean a calendar day unless otherwise specified. 
 
 CAD means the lawful money of Canada. 
 
 Capital Call Line has the meaning set forth in Section 7.4(q). 
 
 Capped Fees/Expenses means, at any time, the Collateral Agent Fees and Expenses and the Collateral Custodian Fees and Expenses, in an aggregate amount not to exceed 100,000 in any calendar year. 
 
 Cause means, with respect to an Independent Manager, (i) acts or omissions by such Independent Manager that constitute willful disregard of such Independent Manager s duties as set forth in the Borrower s Constituent Documents, (ii) that such Independent Manager has engaged in or has been charged with, or has been convicted of, fraud or other acts constituting a crime under any law applicable to such Independent Manager, (iii) that such Independent Manager is unable to perform his or her duties as Independent Manager due to death, disability or incapacity, or (iv) that such Independent Manager no longer meets the definition of Independent Manager . 
 
 Change of Control means any of (a) the Equityholder shall no longer be the sole equityholder of the Borrower (free and clear of any liens), (b) any assignment (as defined in Section 202(a)(1) of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940) of either (i) the related investment management agreement by the Investment Manager or (ii) other than an assignment to BDT on or before July 19, 2023, the ownership interests of the Investment Manager and (c) the Investment Manager is no longer the investment manager of the Borrower and the Equityholder. 

- 8 - 
 
 Charges means (i) all federal, state, county, city, municipal, local, foreign or other governmental Taxes (including Taxes owed to the PBGC at the time due and payable); (ii) all levies, assessments, charges, or claims of any governmental entity or any claims of statutory lienholders, the nonpayment of which could give rise by operation of law to a Lien on the Collateral Obligations or any other property of the Borrower and (iii) any such taxes, levies, assessment, charges or claims which constitute a Lien or encumbrance on any property of the Borrower. 
 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 Collateral has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1 . 
 
 Collateral Agent means U.S. Bank Trust Company , National Association, solely in its capacity as collateral agent hereunder, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity. 
 
 Collateral Agent and Collateral Custodian Fee Letter means that certain letter agreement among the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the Borrower and hereby acknowledged by the Servicer and the Facility Agent, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified by the parties thereto with the consent of the Facility Agent. 
 
 Collateral Agent Fees and Expenses has the meaning set forth in Section 11.11 . 
 
 Collateral Custodian means U.S. Bank National Association, solely in its capacity as collateral custodian, together with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity. 
 
 Collateral Custodian Fees and Expenses has the meaning set forth in Section 18.10. 
 
 Collateral Database has the meaning set forth in Section 11.3(a)(i). 
 
 Collateral Obligation means a Loan, a Senior Secured Bond or a Participation Interest owned by the Borrower, excluding the Retained Interest thereon. 
 
 Collateral Obligation Amount means for any Collateral Obligation, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Discount Factor of such Collateral Obligation at such time multiplied by (ii) the Principal Balance of such Collateral Obligation at such time; provided , that if the Effective LTV of any Asset Based Loan exceeds (as of such date of determination) the limit for the applicable Loan type set forth below, then the Principal Balance component of Collateral Obligation Amount of such Collateral Obligation will be automatically (and without any action by the Facility Agent) reduced by the amount necessary to cause such Collateral Obligation to comply with the applicable limit set forth below: 

Asset Based Loan Type (by collateral source) 
 
 Effective LTV Limit 

working capital 
 90 

fixed assets 
 75 

intellectual property 
 60 

The Collateral Obligation Amount of any Collateral Obligation that ceases to be or otherwise is not an Eligible Collateral Obligation shall be zero. 
 
 - 9 - 

Collateral Obligation File means, with respect to each Collateral Obligation as identified on the related Document Checklist, in each case in English, (i)(A) if the Collateral Obligation includes a note, (x) an original, executed copy of the related promissory note, or (y) in the case of a lost promissory note, a copy of the executed underlying promissory note accompanied by an original executed affidavit and indemnity endorsed by the Borrower or the prior holder of record either in blank or to the Collateral Agent, in each case with respect to clause (x) or clause (y) with an unbroken chain of endorsements from each prior holder of such promissory note to the Borrower or to the Collateral Agent, or in blank, or (B) in the case of a noteless Collateral Obligation, a copy of each executed document or instrument evidencing the assignment of such Collateral Obligation to the Borrower, (ii) paper or electronic copies of the related loan agreement, guaranty, security agreement, intercreditor agreement or any other material agreement (as determined by the Servicer in its reasonable discretion), (iii) paper or electronic copies of the file-stamped (or the electronic equivalent of) UCC financing statements and continuation statements (including amendments or modifications thereof) authorized by the Obligor thereof or by another Person on the Obligor s behalf in respect of such Collateral Obligation or evidence that such financing statements have been submitted for filing, in each case only to the extent reasonably available to the Servicer, and (iv) any other document included on the related Document Checklist that is reasonably requested by any Agent and reasonably available to the Servicer. 
 
 Collateral Obligation Schedule means the list of Collateral Obligations set forth on Schedule 3 , as the same may be updated by the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) from time to time. 
 
 Collateral Quality Tests means, collectively or individually as the case may be, the Minimum Diversity Test, the Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test, the Minimum Weighted Average Coupon Test and the Maximum Weighted Average Life Test. 
 
 Collection Account means, collectively, the Principal Collection Account and the Interest Collection Account. 
 
 Collection Period means, with respect to the first Distribution Date, the period from and including the Effective Date to and including the Determination Date preceding the first Distribution Date; and thereafter, the period from but excluding the Determination Date preceding the previous Distribution Date to and including the Determination Date preceding the current Distribution Date. 
 
 Collections means the sum of all Interest Collections and all Principal Collections received with respect to the Collateral. 
 
 Commitment means, for each Lender, (a) prior to the Facility Termination Date, the commitment of such Lender to make Advances to the Borrower in an amount not to exceed, in the aggregate, the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Annex B or pursuant to the assignment executed by such Lender and its assignee(s) and delivered pursuant to Article XV or pursuant to a Joinder Agreement executed and delivered pursuant to Article XV (as such Commitment may be reduced as set forth in Section 2.5 or increased as set forth in Section 2.8 ), and (b) on and after the earlier to occur of (i) the Facility Termination Date and (ii) the end of the Revolving Period, such Lender s pro rata share of all Advances outstanding. 
 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 
 - 10 - 

Constituent Documents means, for any Person, its constituent or organizational documents, including: (a) in the case of any limited partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the limited partnership agreement, joint venture agreement, articles of association or other applicable certificate or agreement of registration or formation and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation with the secretary of state or other department in the state or jurisdiction of its formation; (b) in the case of any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation and operating agreement for such Person; (c) in the case of a corporation or exempted company, the certificate or articles of incorporation or association and the bylaws for such Person or its memorandum and articles of association; and (d) in the case of any trust, the trust deed, declaration of trust or equivalent establishing such trust, in each such case as it may be restated, modified, amended or supplemented from time to time. 
 
 Corporate Trust Office means the applicable designated corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian, as applicable, specified on Annex A hereto, or such other address within the United States as it may designate from time to time by notice to the Facility Agent. 
 
 Covered Entity means any of the following: 
 
 (a) 	a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 

(b) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

(c) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Covered Party has the meaning set forth in Section 17.20 . 
 
 Credit and Collection Policy means the credit and collection policies and practices (including underwriting parameters) of the Servicer relating to Collateral Obligations set forth as Schedule 4 , as the same may be modified, amended or supplemented from time to time in compliance with Section 7.5(j) . 
 
 Critical Component means, in respect of a weapons system referred to in the definition of Prohibited Defense Asset, a component used specifically in the production of the weapons system or plays a direct role in the lethality of the weapons system. 
 
 Cut-Off Date means, with respect to each Collateral Obligation, the date such Collateral Obligation becomes part of the Collateral. 
 
 DBNY means Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, and its successors. 
 
 DB Tranched Second Lien Loan means any portion of a Loan that is deemed by the Facility Agent to be not a First Lien Loan and is synthetically tranched as such by the Facility Agent. 
 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 
 Defaulted Collateral Obligation means any Collateral Obligation as to which any one of the following events has occurred: 

- 11 - 
 
 (a) any Scheduled Collateral Obligation Payment or part thereof is unpaid more than the shorter of (i) two (2) Business Days beyond the grace period (if any) permitted by the related Underlying Instrument and (ii) five (5) Business Days past the applicable due date; 

(b) an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Obligor thereof (unless the related Loan is a DIP Loan); 

(c) the occurrence of a default as to the payment of principal, interest and/or unutilized/commitment fees (as applicable) has occurred and is continuing for longer than the shorter of (i) two (2) Business Days beyond the grace period (if any) permitted by the related underlying instrument and (ii) five (5) Business Days past the applicable due date with respect to another debt obligation of the same Obligor secured by the same collateral which is either (x) full recourse or (y) senior to or pari passu with in right of payment to such Collateral Obligation and, in the case of this clause (y), is in an amount in excess of 100,000; 

(d) such Collateral Obligation has (x) a rating by Standard Poor s of CC or below or SD or (y) a Moody s probability of default rating (as published by Moody s) of D or LD or, in each case, had such ratings before they were withdrawn by Standard Poor s or Moody s, as applicable, unless the related Loan is a DIP Loan; 

(e) a Responsible Officer of the Servicer or the Borrower has actual knowledge that such Collateral Obligation is pari passu or junior in right of payment as to the payment of principal and/or interest to another debt obligation of the same Obligor which has (i) a rating by Standard Poor s of CC or below or SD or (ii) a Moody s probability of default rating (as published by Moody s) of D or LD , and in each case such other debt obligation remains outstanding provided that both the Collateral Obligation and such other debt obligation are full recourse obligations of the applicable Obligor); 

(f) a Responsible Officer of the Servicer or the Borrower has received notice or has actual knowledge that a default has occurred under the Underlying Instruments, any applicable grace period has expired and the holders of such Collateral Obligation have accelerated the repayment of such Collateral Obligation (but only until such default is cured or waived) in the manner provided in the Underlying Instruments; 

(g) with respect to any Related Collateral Obligation, an Affiliate of the Borrower that owns the related Variable Funding Asset fails to comply with any funding obligation under such Variable Funding Asset; or 

(h) (i) the Servicer determines, in its sole discretion, in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy, that all or a portion of such Collateral Obligation is not collectible or otherwise places such Collateral Obligation on non-accrual status or (ii) the Borrower or the Equityholder makes a realized loss or write-down on such Collateral Obligation in the Borrower s or the Equityholder s financial statements. 

Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (i) has failed to fund any portion of the Advances required to be funded by it hereunder within one (1) Business Day of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, (ii) has otherwise failed to pay to the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder to such applicable Person within three (3) Business Days of the date when due, unless such amount is the subject of a good faith dispute, (iii) has notified the Borrower, the Servicer, the Facility Agent, any Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Lender that it does not intend to comply with any of its funding 
 
 - 12 - 
 
 obligations under this Agreement or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply or has failed to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or generally under other agreements in which it commits or is obligated to extend credit, (iv) has failed, within one (1) Business Day after request by the Facility Agent or the Borrower, to confirm that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund Advances under this Agreement, or (v) has (or has a parent company) become or is insolvent or has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or become the subject of a Bail-in Action, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment. 
 
 Deferrable Collateral Obligation means a Collateral Obligation that by its terms permits the deferral or capitalization of payment of accrued and unpaid interest, excluding, however, any Collateral Obligation that provides for periodic payments of interest thereon in cash no less frequently than semi-annually and the portion of interest required to be paid in cash under the terms of the related Underlying Instruments results in the outstanding principal amount of such Collateral Obligation having an effective rate of current interest paid in cash on such day of not less than (i) if such Deferrable Collateral Obligation is a Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation, 6.00 per annum or (ii) otherwise, 5.00 per annum over the applicable index rate. 
 
 Determination Date means the last calendar day of each month, or if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day. 
 
 DIP Loan means any Loan made to a debtor-in-possession pursuant to Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code having the priority allowed by either Section 364(c) or 364(d) of the Bankruptcy Code and fully secured by senior Liens. 
 
 Discount Factor means, with respect to each Collateral Obligation and as of any date of determination, the value (expressed as a percentage of par) of such Collateral Obligation as determined by the Facility Agent in its sole discretion in accordance with Section 2.7 . 
 
 Distribution Date means the 15th calendar day of each month January, April, July and October , or if such date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, commencing in the first full calendar month after the Effective Date January, 2023 . 
 
 Diversity Score means, as of any day, a single number that indicates collateral concentration in terms of both issuer and industry concentration, calculated as set forth in Schedule 1 hereto, as such diversity scores shall be updated at the option of the Facility Agent in its sole discretion if Moody s publishes revised criteria. 
 
 Document Checklist means an electronic or hard copy list delivered by the Borrower (or by the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) to the Collateral Custodian that identifies each of the documents that have been included in or may be requested by any Agent to be included in each Collateral Obligation File whether such document is an original or a copy and whether a hard copy or electronic copy will be delivered to the Collateral Custodian related to a Collateral Obligation and includes the name of the Obligor with respect to such Collateral Obligation, in each case as of the related Funding Date. 
 
 DOL Regulations means regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of Labor at 29 C.F.R. 2510.3 101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, and at 29 C.F.R. 2550.401c-1. 
 
 Dollar(s) and the sign mean lawful money of the United States of America. 
 
 EBITDA means, with respect to any period and any Collateral Obligation, the meaning of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA or any comparable definition in the Underlying Instruments for each such Collateral 
 
 - 13 - 
 
 Obligation. In any case that EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA or such comparable definition is not defined in such Underlying Instruments, an amount, for the related Obligor and any of its parents or Subsidiaries that are obligated with respect to such Collateral Obligation pursuant to its Underlying Instruments (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP) equal to earnings from continuing operations for such period plus interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and, to the extent approved by the Facility Agent on a Collateral Obligation by Collateral Obligation basis, any other non-cash charges and organization costs deducted in determining earnings from continuing operations for such period, and, to the extent approved by the Facility Agent in the related Asset Approval Notice, costs and expenses reducing earnings and other extraordinary non-recurring costs and expenses for such period (to the extent deducted in determining earnings from continuing operations for such period). 
 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, 
 (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 
 Effective Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination, (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Advances outstanding on such date divided by (b) the sum of (i) the Adjusted Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Balance (net of all Discount Factors) on such date plus (ii) the amount of Principal Collections on deposit in the Principal Collection Account on such date minus (iii) the Aggregate Unfunded Amount on such date plus (iv) the amount on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account on such date. 
 
 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1 . 
 
 Effective Equity means, as of any day, the greater of (x) the sum of the Collateral Obligation Amounts of all Eligible Collateral Obligations plus the amount of Principal Collections on deposit in the Principal Collection Account minus the outstanding principal amount of all Advances and (y) 0. 
 
 Effective LTV means, with respect to any Asset Based Loan as of any date of determination, the result, expressed as a percentage, of (i) the Principal Balance of such Collateral Obligation divided by (ii) the Appraised Value of such Collateral Obligation as of such date. 
 
 Eligible Account means (i) a segregated trust account or (ii) a segregated direct deposit account, in each case, maintained with a securities intermediary or trust company organized under the laws of the United States of America, or any of the States thereof, or the District of Columbia, having a certificate of deposit, short term deposit or commercial paper rating of at least A-1 by Standard Poor s and P-1 by Moody s. In either case, such depository institution or trust company shall have been approved by the Facility Agent, acting in its reasonable discretion, by written notice to the Servicer. DBNY and U.S. Bank National Association are deemed to be acceptable securities intermediaries to the Facility Agent. 
 
 - 14 - 

Eligible Collateral Obligation means, on any Measurement Date, each Collateral Obligation that satisfies the following conditions (unless otherwise added or waived by the Facility Agent in its sole discretion in the related Asset Approval Notice): 
 
 (a) the Facility Agent in its sole discretion has delivered an Asset Approval Notice with respect to such Collateral Obligation which has been acknowledged and agreed by the Borrower; 

(b) as of the related Cut-Off Date such Collateral Obligation is not a Defaulted Collateral Obligation; 

(c) such Collateral Obligation is not an Equity Security and is not convertible into an Equity Security at the option of the applicable Obligor or any Person other than the Borrower; 

(d) such Collateral Obligation is not a Structured Finance Obligation; 

(e) such Collateral Obligation is denominated in an Eligible Currency and is not convertible by the Obligor thereof into any currency other than an Eligible Currency; 

(f) such Collateral Obligation is not a single-purpose real estate based loan (unless the related real estate is a hotel, casino or other operating company), a construction loan or a project finance loan; 

(g) such Collateral Obligation is not a lease (including a financing lease); 

(h) if such Collateral Obligation is a Deferrable Collateral Obligation, it provides for periodic payments of interest thereon in cash no less frequently than semi-annually and the portion of interest required to be paid in cash under the terms of the related Underlying Instruments results in the outstanding principal amount of such Collateral Obligation having an effective rate of current interest paid in cash on such day of not less than (i) if such Deferrable Collateral Obligation is a Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation, 5.00 per annum or (ii) otherwise, 4.00 per annum over the applicable index rate; 

(i) if such Collateral Obligation is a Related Collateral Obligation, the applicable Affiliate of the Borrower, Servicer or Equityholder has provided evidence satisfactory to the Facility Agent in its sole discretion that such Person has sufficient liquidity to meet the funding obligations of the related Variable Funding Asset; 

(j) such Collateral Obligation is not incurred or issued in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of the assets of a Person, restructuring or similar transaction, which obligation or security by its terms is required to be repaid within one year of the incurrence thereof with proceeds from additional borrowings or other refinancings (other than any additional borrowing or refinancing if one or more financial institutions has provided the issuer of such obligation or security with a binding written commitment to provide the same, so long as (i) such commitment is equal to the outstanding principal amount of 

- 15 - 
 
 such Collateral Obligation and (ii) such committed replacement facility has a maturity of at least one year and cannot be extended beyond such one year maturity pursuant to the terms thereof); 

(k) such Collateral Obligation is not a trade claim and the value of such Collateral Obligation is not primarily derived from an insurance policy; 

(l) such Collateral Obligation is not a bond (other than a Senior Secured Bond) or a Floating Rate Note; 

(m) the Obligor with respect to such Collateral Obligation is an Eligible Obligor; 

(n) such Collateral Obligation is not a purpose credit, advanced for the acquisition of Margin Stock; 

(o) such Collateral Obligation is not a security or swap transaction that has payments associated with either payments of interest on and/or principal of a reference obligation or the credit performance of a reference obligation; 

(p) such Collateral Obligation provides for the periodic payment of cash interest; 

(q) (i) if such Collateral Obligation is not a Second Lien Loan, it has a term to stated maturity that does not exceed seven (7) years or (ii) if such Collateral Obligation is a Second Lien Loan, it has a term to stated maturity that does not exceed eight (8) years; 

(r) such Collateral Obligation is not subject to substantial non-credit related risk, as determined by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard; 

(s) the acquisition of such Collateral Obligation will not cause the Borrower to be deemed to own 5.0 or more of any class of vested voting securities of any Obligor or 25.0 or more of the total equity of any Obligor or any securities that are immediately convertible into or immediately exercisable or exchangeable for 5.0 or more of any class of vested voting securities of any Obligor or 25.0 or more of the total equity of any Obligor, in each case as determined by the Servicer; 

(t) the Underlying Instrument for which does not contain confidentiality provisions that restrict the ability of the Facility Agent to exercise its rights under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its rights to review such debt obligation or Participation Interest, the Underlying Instrument and related documents and credit approval file; provided , however , that a provision which requires the prospective recipient of confidential information to maintain the confidentiality of such information shall not be deemed to restrict the exercise of such rights; 

(u) the acquisition of which is not in violation of Regulations T, U or X of the FRS Board; 

- 16 - 

(v) such Collateral Obligation is capable of being transferred to and owned by the Borrower (whether directly or by means of a security entitlement) and of being pledged, assigned or novated by the owner thereof or of an interest therein, subject to customary qualifications for instruments similar to such Collateral Obligation (i) to the Facility Agent, (ii) to any assignee of the Facility Agent permitted or contemplated under this Agreement, (iii) to any Person at any foreclosure or strict foreclosure sale or other disposition initiated by a secured creditor in furtherance of its security interest, and (iv) to commercial banks, financial institutions, offshore and other funds (in each case, including transfer permitted by operation of the UCC); 

(w) the proceeds of such Collateral Obligation will not be used to finance activities of the type engaged in by businesses classified under NAICS Codes 2361 (Residential Building Construction), 2362 (Nonresidential Building Construction), 2371 (Utility System Construction), or 2372 (Land Subdivision); 

(x) the Related Security for such Collateral Obligation is primarily located in the United States; 

(y) if such Collateral Obligation is or has been (in the case of a rating that was previously withdrawn) rated by Standard Poor s or Moody s, such Collateral Obligation does not have either (x) a public rating by Standard Poor s of CCC- or below (or such rating previously withdrawn) or (y) a Moody s probability of default rating (as published by Moody s) of Caa3 or below (or such rating previously withdrawn); 

(z) such Collateral Obligation is not the subject of an offer, exchange or tender by the related Obligor related to a material negative credit event, as determined by the Servicer in its reasonable discretion and certified to the Facility Agent in writing; 

(aa) if such Collateral Obligation is a Participation Interest (other than an Assigned Participation Interest), the seller thereof has (x) long-term unsecured ratings of at least Baa1 by Moody s and BBB+ by S P and (y) short-term unsecured ratings of at least A-1 by S P and P-1 by Moody s; 

(bb) if such Collateral Obligation is an Assigned Participation Interest, such Assigned Participation Interest has been elevated to a full assignment by the date that is forty-five (45)	days after the Effective Date; 

(cc) if such Collateral Obligation is an Asset Based Loan, the related Underlying Instruments require delivery of a calculation of each related borrowing base in reasonable detail to each lender not less frequently than monthly; 

(dd) such Collateral Obligation does not have an Obligor in a Prohibited Industry; 

- 17 - 
 
 (ee) the proceeds of such Collateral Obligation will not be used to finance activities within the marijuana industry or the opioid industry, the sale of firearms or any other defense equipment, the development of adult entertainment, any form of betting and gambling or the making or collection of pay day loans, nor will they be used to provide financing to any other industry which is illegal under Applicable Law at the time of acquisition of such Collateral Obligation; and 

(ee) the relevant Obligor has a total EBITDA for the last four consecutive reported fiscal quarters (or, at the election of the Servicer and with the consent of the Facility Agent, calculated on an annualized basis based on the last reported fiscal quarter) of at least 10,000,000. 

Eligible Currency means CAD, Euros and Dollars. 
 
 Eligible Jurisdiction means any of the United States or any State thereof, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, Germany, France, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, Spain, Switzerland, Sweden, Norway. 
 
 Eligible Obligor means, on any day, any Obligor that (i) is a Person (other than a natural person) that is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of an Eligible Jurisdiction, (ii) is a legal operating entity or holding company, (iii) is not an Official Body, (iv) is not insolvent, (v) is required to pay all maintenance, repair, insurance and taxes related to the related Collateral Obligation, (vi) is not an Affiliate of, or controlled by, the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder and (v) is not a Non-Sustainable Obligor. 
 
 Enterprise Value Loan means any Loan that is not an Asset Based Loan. 
 
 Environmental Laws means any and all foreign, federal, state and local laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, licenses, approvals, interpretations and orders of courts or any other Official Body, relating to the protection of human health or the environment, including requirements pertaining to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transportation, handling, reporting, licensing, permitting, investigation or remediation of Hazardous Materials. Environmental Laws include the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. ), the Hazardous Material Transportation Act (49 U.S.C. 331 et seq. ), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq. ), the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.), the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.), the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300, et seq. ), the Environmental Protection Agency s regulations relating to underground storage tanks (40 C.F.R. Parts 280 and 281), and the Occupational Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C. 651 et seq. ), and the rules and regulations thereunder, each as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
 
 Equity Cure Notice means a notice from the Borrower to the Facility Agent which satisfies each of the following conditions: 
 
 (a) such notice is delivered to the Facility Agent not later than two (2) Business Days after the occurrence of an event specified in Section 13.1(e) or Section 13.1(r); 

(b) such notice sets forth evidence that (x) (i) the Equityholder has made a capital call on its investors in an aggregate amount sufficient to cure the event(s) specified in clause (a) of this definition, (ii) the investors are obligated to fund such capital call, (iii) the proceeds of the capital call may be used for the purpose of such cure, and (iv) the proceeds of such capital call will be contributed directly or indirectly to the Borrower or (y) the Equityholder has other sources of funds (including from proceeds of borrowings under one or more credit facilities) sufficient to cure the relevant event and the proceeds thereof will be contributed directly or indirectly to the Borrower; and 

- 18 - 
 
 (c) no other Equity Cure Notice has been delivered within the previous six (6) calendar months; 

provided that, no Equity Cure Notice may be delivered if, with respect to any prior capital call duly made by the Equityholder in accordance with the terms of its constituent documents, the Equityholder shall have received by the applicable due date (after all applicable grace periods elapsed) less than 90 (measured as a percentage of the aggregate amount of such capital call) of such capital call; provided, further , that the Equityholder shall provide prompt written notice to the Facility Agent of the occurrence of the foregoing; provided, further , that no Equity Cure Notice may be delivered if the Equityholder, pursuant to the terms of its Constituent Documents, shall no longer be able to call capital from its investors. 
 
 Equity Security means any asset that is not a First Lien Loan, a FILO Loan, DB Tranched Second Lien Loan, a Second Lien Loan, a Senior Secured Bond or Permitted Investment. 
 
 Equityholder has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 
 
 Equityholder Originated Collateral Obligation has the meaning set forth in Section 10.22(c) . 
 
 ERISA means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, including all regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 ERISA Affiliate means any Person that, for purposes of Title IV of ERISA, is a member of the Borrower s controlled group or is under common control with the Borrower, within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code. 
 
 ERISA Event means (a) the occurrence with respect to a Plan of a reportable event, within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA, unless the thirty (30)-day notice requirement with respect thereto has been waived by the PBGC; (b) the application for a minimum funding waiver with respect to a Plan; (c) the provision by the administrator of any Plan of a notice of intent to terminate such a Plan, pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA (including any such notice with respect to a plan amendment referred to in Section 4041(e) of ERISA); (d) the cessation of operations at a facility of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate in the circumstances described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (e) the withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Plan during a plan year for which it was a substantial employer, as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA; (f) the conditions set forth in Section 430(k) of the Code or Section 303(k)(1)(A) and (B) of ERISA to the creation of a lien upon property or assets or rights to property or assets of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate for failure to make a required payment to a Plan are satisfied; (g) the termination of a Plan by the PBGC pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA, or the occurrence of any event or condition described in Section 4042 of ERISA that constitutes grounds for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, a Plan; (h) any failure by any Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standards of Sections 412 or 430 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not waived; (i) the determination that any Plan is or is expected to be in at-risk status, within the meaning of Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA, (j) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA), in endangered or critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA), or terminated (within the meaning of Section 4041A or Section 4042 of ERISA); (k) the failure of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to pay when due (after expiration of any applicable grace period) any installment payment with respect to withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA; (l) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate incurs any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA); or (m) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate commits any act 
 
 - 19 - 
 
 (or omission) which could give rise to the imposition of fines, penalties, taxes, or related charges under ERISA or the Code. 
 
 Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 14.12(a). 
 
 Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 14.12(d) . 
 
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to it in Section 14.12(d) . 
 
 Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights has the meaning assigned to it in Section 14.12(d) . 
 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 
 EU Securitization Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (as amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/557) and, except as otherwise stated, means such Regulation as further amended from time to time. 
 
 EU Securitization Rules means (a) the EU Securitization Regulation; (b) any relevant supplementary regulatory and/or implementing technical standards adopted by the European Commission in relation thereto, and any relevant regulatory and/or implementing technical standards applicable in relation thereto pursuant to any transitional arrangements made pursuant to the EU Securitization Regulation; (c) any official binding guidance published in relation thereto by the European Banking Authority, the European Securities and Markets Authority, the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (or, in either case, any predecessor or successor authority) or by the European Commission; Supervisory Authorities or the European Commission, and (d) any implementing laws or regulations (all, except as otherwise stated, as amended from time). 
 
 Euro , Euros , euro and mean the lawful currency of the Member States of the European Union that have adopted and retain the single currency in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time; provided, that if any member state or states ceases to have such single currency as its lawful currency (such member state(s) being the Exiting State(s) ), such term shall mean the single currency adopted and retained as the lawful currency of the remaining member states and shall not include any successor currency introduced by the Exiting State(s). 
 
 European Supervisory Authorities means, together, the European Banking Authority, the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority and the European Securities and Markets Authority (including any predecessor, successor or replacement organization thereto). 
 
 Event of Default means any of the events described in Section 13.1 . 
 
 Excess Concentration Amount means, as of the most recent Measurement Date (and after giving effect to all Eligible Collateral Obligations to be purchased or sold by the Borrower on such date), the sum, without duplication, of the following amounts: 
 (a) the excess, if any and without duplication, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are FILO Loans, Second Lien Loans, Senior Secured Bonds or DB Tranched Second Lien Loans over 20 of the Excess Concentration Measure; provided , that no more than 10 of the Excess Concentration Measure can consist of FILO Loans or Second Lien Loans; 

(b) the excess, if any, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are obligations of any single Obligor over 5.0 of the Excess Concentration Measure; provided that (x) with respect 

- 20 - 
 
 to the largest Obligor that represents Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations in excess of all other single Obligors the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are obligations of such Obligors may be up to 10.0 of the Excess Concentration Measure and (y) with respect to any two additional Obligors that represent Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations in excess of all other single Obligors (other than the Obligors described in clause (x)) the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are obligations of each of such Obligors may be up to 7.5 of the Excess Concentration Measure; 

(c) the excess, if any, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are obligations of Obligors in any single Moody s Industry Classification over 10.0 of the Excess Concentration Measure; provided that (x) the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations with an Obligor in any Moody s Industry Classification in excess of all other Moody s Industry Classifications may be up to 17.5 of the Excess Concentration Measure, (y) the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations with an Obligor (other than the Moody s Industry Classification specified in clause (x)) in any Moody s Industry Classification in excess of all other Moody s Industry Classifications may be up to 15.0 of the Excess Concentration Measure and (z) the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations with an Obligor (other than the Moody s Industry Classification specified in clauses (x) and (y)) in any Moody s Industry Classification in excess of all other Moody s Industry Classifications may be up to 12.5 of the Excess Concentration Measure; provided , that (i) each of the CORP - Energy: Oil Gas , CORP - Metals Mining and CORP - Utilities: Oil Gas Moody s Industry Classifications may not collectively have Collateral Obligations with Principal Balances in excess of 15 of the Excess Concentration Measure and (ii) the CORP - Retail Moody s Industry Classifications may not have Collateral Obligations with Principal Balances in excess of 10 of the Excess Concentration Measure; 

(d) the excess, if any, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are Fixed Rate Collateral Obligations that are not subject to a qualifying Hedging Agreement pursuant to Section 10.6 over 10.0 of the Excess Concentration Measure; 

(e) the excess, if any, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are Deferrable Collateral Obligations over 10.0 of the Excess Concentration Measure; 

(f) the excess, if any, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are Variable Funding Assets over 10.0 of the Excess Concentration Measure; 

(g) the excess, if any, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are DIP Loans over 10.0 of the Excess Concentration Measure; 

(h) the excess, if any, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are Participation Interests (other than Assigned Participation Interests) over 5.0 of the Excess Concentration Measure; 

(i) the excess, if any, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are denominated in an Eligible Currency other than Dollars over 15.0 of the Excess Concentration Measure; 

(j) the excess, if any, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations with an Eligible Obligor domiciled in an Eligible Jurisdiction other than the United States or any State thereof over 15.0 of the Excess Concentration Measure; 

(k) the excess, if any, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are in a Permitted Gaming Industry over 10.0 of the Excess Concentration Measure; 

- 21 - 
 
 (l) the excess, if any, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that are in the defense industry (other than a Prohibited Defense Asset) over 10.0 of the Excess Concentration Measure; and 

(m) the excess, if any, of the sum of the Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations that have a term to stated maturity in excess of seven (7) years over 15.0 of the Excess Concentration Measure. 

Excess Concentration Measure means, (i) during the Ramp-Up Period, the Target Portfolio Amount and (ii) thereafter, the sum of (x) the Principal Balances for all Eligible Collateral Obligations plus (y) all amounts on deposit in the Principal Collection Account. 
 
 Excluded Amounts means, as of any date of determination, (i) any amount deposited into the Collection Account with respect to any Collateral Obligation, which amount is attributable to the reimbursement of payment by the Borrower of any Tax, fee or other charge imposed by any Official Body on such Collateral Obligation or on any Related Security, (ii) any interest or fees (including origination, agency, structuring, management or other up-front fees) that are for the account of the applicable Person from whom the Borrower purchased such Collateral Obligation, (iii) any reimbursement of insurance premiums, (iv) any escrows relating to Taxes, insurance and other amounts in connection with Collateral Obligations which are held in an escrow account for the benefit of the Obligor and the secured party pursuant to escrow arrangements under Underlying Instruments, and (v) any amount deposited into the Collection Account in error (including any amounts relating to any portion of an asset sold by the Borrower and occurring after the date of such sale). 
 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in the Obligations pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Obligations (other than pursuant to Section 17.16 or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 4.3 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 4.3(f) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 
 Executive Officer means, with respect to the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer of such Person, the Investment Manager or any other Person included on the incumbency certificate of the Borrower, Servicer or Equityholder, as applicable, delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(g) and, with respect to any other Person, the President, Chief Financial Officer or any Vice President. 
 
 Facility Agent has the meaning set forth in the Preamble . 
 
 Facility Amount means (a) prior to the end of the Revolving Period, 400465 ,000,000, unless this amount is permanently reduced pursuant to Section 2.5 or increased pursuant to Section 2.8 , in which event it means such lower or higher amount and (b) from and after the end of the Revolving Period, the aggregate principal amount of all the Advances outstanding. 

- 22 - 
 
 Facility Termination Date means the earliest of (i) the date that is twenty-four (24) months after the last day of the Revolving Period, (ii) the date on which the term of the Equityholder s existence ends and (iii) the effective date on which the facility hereunder is terminated pursuant to Section 13.2 . 
 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with such sections of the Code and any legislation, law, regulation or practice enacted or promulgated pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement. 
 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, the greater of (a) 0.00 and (b) a fluctuating rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Facility Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. 
 
 Fee Letter has the meaning set forth in Section 8.4 . 
 
 Fees has the meaning set forth in Section 8.4 . 
 
 FILO Loan means any Loan that (i) becomes, by its terms, subordinate in right of payment to one or more other obligations of the related Obligor, in each case issued under the same Underlying Instruments as such Loan, in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings, (ii) is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is validly perfected and first priority under Applicable Law (subject to liens permitted under the applicable Underlying Instruments that are reasonable for similar loans, and liens accorded priority by law in favor of any Official Body), and (iii) the Servicer determines in good faith that the value of the collateral or the enterprise value securing the Loan on or about the time of acquisition equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance of the Loan plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other loans of equal or higher seniority secured by the same collateral; provided that (x) the portion of any FILO Loan with a Leverage Multiple that attaches in excess of 2.5x shall be deemed to be a Second Lien Loan for all purposes hereunder and (y) the portion of any FILO Loan with a Leverage Multiple that attaches below 1.0x shall be deemed to be a First Lien Loan for all purposes hereunder. 
 
 First Amendment Effective Date means November 21, 2022. 
 
 First Lien Loan means any Loan (excluding any portion deemed to be a DB Tranched Second Lien Loan) that (i) is not (and is not permitted by its terms become) subordinate in right of payment to any obligation of the related Obligor in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings, (ii) is secured by a pledge of specified collateral, which security interest is validly perfected and first priority under Applicable Law (subject to liens permitted under the applicable Underlying Instruments, and liens accorded priority by law in favor of any Official Body), and (iii) the Servicer determines in good faith that the value of the collateral or the enterprise value securing the Loan on or about the time of origination or acquisition equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance of the Loan plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other loans of equal or higher seniority secured by the same collateral. 
 
 Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and their subsidiaries, including Derivative Fitch Inc. and Derivative Fitch Ltd. and any successor thereto. 

- 23 - 
 
 Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation means any Collateral Obligation that bears a fixed rate of interest. 
 
 Floating Rate Note means a floating rate note issued pursuant to an indenture or equivalent document by a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other person that is secured by a first or second priority perfected security interest or lien in or on specified collateral securing the issuer s obligations under such note. 
 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 
 FRS Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and, as applicable, the staff thereof. 
 
 Fundamental Amendment means any amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of or to this Agreement that would (a) release any material portion of the Collateral, except in connection with dispositions permitted hereunder, (b) alter the terms of Sections 2.4(a) or 8.3, (c) modify the definitions of the Required Lenders or modify in any other manner the number or percentage of the Lenders required to make any determinations or waive any rights hereunder, or 
 (d) extend the Revolving Period. 
 
 Funding Date means any Advance Date or any Reinvestment Date, as applicable. 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, which are applicable to the circumstances as of any day. 
 
 Hazardous Materials means all materials subject to any Environmental Law, including materials listed in 49 C.F.R. 172.101, materials defined as hazardous pursuant to 101(14) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, flammable, explosive or radioactive materials, hazardous or toxic wastes or substances, lead-based materials, petroleum or petroleum distillates or asbestos or material containing asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, urea formaldehyde and any substances classified as being in inventory , usable work in process or similar classification that would, if classified as unusable, be included in the foregoing definition. 
 
 Hedge Breakage Costs means, with respect to each Hedge Counterparty upon the early termination of any Hedge Transaction with such Hedge Counterparty, the net amount, if any, payable by the Borrower to such Hedge Counterparty for the early termination of that Hedge Transaction or any portion thereof. 
 
 Hedge Counterparty means (a) DBNY and its affiliates and (b) any other entity that (i) on the date of entering into any Hedge Transaction (x) is an interest rate swap dealer that has been approved in writing by the Facility Agent, and (y) has a long-term unsecured debt rating of not less than A by S P, not less than A2 by Moody s and not less than A by Fitch (if such entity is rated by Fitch) (the Long-term Rating Requirement and a short-term unsecured debt rating of not less than A-1 by S P, not less than P-1 by Moody s and not less than Fl by Fitch (if such entity is rated by Fitch) (the Short-term Rating Requirement ), and (ii) in a Hedging Agreement (x) consents to the assignment hereunder of the Borrower s rights under the Hedging Agreement to the Facility Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties and (y) agrees that in the event that Moody s, S P or Fitch reduces its long-term unsecured debt rating below the Long-term Rating Requirement or reduces it short-term debt rating below the Short-term Rating Requirement, it shall either collateralize its obligations in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent, or transfer its rights and obligations under each Hedging Agreement (excluding, however, any right to net payments or Hedge Breakage Costs under any Hedge Transaction, to the extent accrued to such date or to accrue thereafter and owing to the transferring Hedge 
 
 - 24 - 
 
 Counterparty as of the date of such transfer) to another entity that meets the requirements of clauses (b)(i) and (b)(ii) hereof. 
 
 Hedge Transaction means each interest rate swap, index rate swap or interest rate cap transaction or comparable derivative arrangement between the Borrower and a Hedge Counterparty that is entered into pursuant to Section 10.6 and is governed by a Hedging Agreement. 
 
 Hedging Agreement means the agreement between the Borrower and a Hedge Counterparty that governs one or more Hedge Transactions entered into by the Borrower and such Hedge Counterparty pursuant to Section 10.6 , which agreement shall consist of a Master Agreement in a form published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., together with a Schedule thereto, and each Confirmation thereunder confirming the specific terms of each such Hedge Transaction or a Confirmation that incorporates the terms of such a Master Agreement and Schedule. 
 
 Increased Costs means, collectively, any increased cost, loss or liability owing to the Facility Agent and/or any other Affected Person under Article V . 
 
 Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, as of any day, without duplication: (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money; (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, deferrable securities or other similar instruments; (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) all obligations of such Person as lessee under capital leases; (v) all non-contingent obligations of such Person to reimburse or prepay any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit, banker s acceptance or similar instrument; (vi) all debt of others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such debt is assumed by such Person; and (vii) all debt of others guaranteed by such Person and other contingent obligations to purchase, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to invest in any Person or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss (in each case excluding any unfunded commitments of the Borrower with respect to any Variable Funding Asset). 
 
 Indemnified Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 16.1 . 
 
 Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 16.1 . 
 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Transaction Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 
 Independent Accountants means a firm of nationally recognized independent certified public accountants. 
 
 Independent Manager means with respect to any Person, that such Person is an individual who has prior experience as an independent director, independent manager, independent limited partner or independent member with at least three years of employment experience and who is provided by CT Corporation, Corporation Service Company, Puglisi Associates, National Registered Agents, Inc., Wilmington Trust Company, Lord Securities Corporation or an Affiliate thereof or, if none of those companies is then providing professional independent managers or members, another nationally-recognized company reasonably approved by the Facility Agent, in each case that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower and that provides professional independent directors, managers, limited partners and/or members and other corporate services in the ordinary course of its business, and which individual is duly appointed as an Independent Manager and is not, and has never been, and will not while serving as Independent Manager be, any of the following: 
 
 - 25 - 

(a) a member, partner, equityholder, manager, director, officer or employee of the Borrower, the Equityholder, any of their respective equityholders or Affiliates or any other single purpose bankruptcy remote entity managed or controlled by the Servicer or any of its Affiliates (other than as an Independent Manager of the Borrower or an Affiliate of the Borrower that is not in the direct chain of ownership of the Borrower and that is required by a creditor to be a single purpose bankruptcy remote entity; provided that such Independent Manager is employed by a company that routinely provides professional independent members, managers or directors in the ordinary course of its business); 

(b) a creditor, supplier or service provider (including provider of professional services) to the Borrower, the Equityholder, or any of their respective equityholders or Affiliates (other than a nationally-recognized company that routinely provides professional independent directors, managers, limited partners and/or members and other corporate services to the Borrower, the Equityholder or any of their respective Affiliates in the ordinary course of its business); 

(c) a family member of any such member, partner, equityholder, manager, director, officer, employee, creditor, supplier or service provider; or 

(d) a Person that controls (whether directly, indirectly or otherwise) any of (a), (b) or (c) above. 

Insolvency Event means, with respect to any Person, (a) the entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of such Person or any substantial part of its property in an involuntary case under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, winding-up, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such Person s affairs, or the commencement of an involuntary case under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereinafter in effect, or another present or future federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law and such case is not dismissed within 45 days; (b) the commencement by such Person of a voluntary case under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by such Person to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by such Person to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by such Person of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or such Person shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of action by such Person in furtherance of any of the foregoing or (c) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction to which such Person is subject. 
 
 Interest Collection Account means the collective reference to the segregated, non-interest bearing securities accounts (within the meaning of Section 8-501 of the UCC) with the account numbers set forth on Schedule 5 , which is created and maintained on the books and records of the Securities Intermediary identified as interest collection accounts, in each case in the name of the Borrower and subject to the prior Lien of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, which is established and maintained pursuant to Section 8.1(a) . 
 
 Interest Collections means, with respect to the Collateral following the applicable Cut-Off Date, (i) all payments and collections owing to or received by the Borrower in its capacity as lender and attributable to interest on any Collateral Obligation or other Collateral, including scheduled payments of interest and payments of interest relating to principal prepayments, all guaranty payments attributable to interest and proceeds of any liquidations, sales, dispositions or securitizations attributable to interest on such Collateral Obligation or other Collateral, (ii) any commitment, ticking, upfront, underwriting, origination or amendment fees received in respect of any Collateral Obligation, (iii) during the Revolving Period, any proceeds received by the Borrower as a result of 
 
 - 26 - 
 
 exercising any Warrant Asset at any time, and (iv) the earnings on Interest Collections in the Collection Account that are invested in Permitted Investments, in each case other than Retained Interests; provided that, any amounts received in respect of any Defaulted Collateral Obligation will constitute Principal Collections (and not Interest Collections) until the aggregate of all collections in respect of such Defaulted Collateral Obligation since it became a Defaulted Collateral Obligation equals the outstanding principal balance of such Loan at the time it became a Defaulted Collateral Obligation. 
 
 Interest Rate means, for any Accrual Period and any Lender, a rate per annum equal to the sum of (a) the Applicable Margin and (b) the Base Rate for such Accrual Period and such Lender. 
 
 Investment Manager has the meaning set forth in Section 10.22(c) . 
 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 Joinder Agreement means an agreement among the Borrower, a Lender and the Facility Agent in the form of Exhibit E to this Agreement (appropriately completed) delivered in connection with a Person becoming a Lender hereunder after the Effective Date, as contemplated by the terms of this Agreement, a copy of which shall be delivered to the Collateral Agent and the Servicer. 
 
 Lender means, for any Lender Group, the Person(s) executing this Agreement in the capacity of a Lender for such Lender Group (or an assignment hereof or a Joinder Agreement in accordance with Article XV in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 Lender Group means each Lender and related Agent from time to time party hereto. 
 
 Leverage Multiple means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation for the most recent relevant period of time for which the Borrower has received the financial statements of the relevant Obligor, the ratio of (i) Indebtedness of the relevant Obligor (other than Indebtedness of such Obligor that is junior in terms of payment or lien subordination (including unsecured Indebtedness) to Indebtedness of such Obligor held by the Borrower) less Unrestricted Cash of the relevant Obligor to (ii) EBITDA of such Obligor. 
 
 LIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Accrual Period, the greater of (a) 0.25 and (b) the rate per annum shown by the Bloomberg Professional Service as the London interbank offered rate for deposits in Dollars for a period equal to three (3) months as of 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the first day of such Accrual Period; provided, that in the event no such rate is shown, the LIBOR Rate shall be the rate per annum based on the rates at which Dollar deposits for a period equal to three (3) months are displayed on page LIBOR of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service or such other page as may replace the LIBOR page on that service for the purpose of displaying London interbank offered rates of major banks as of 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the first day of such Accrual Period (it being understood that if at least two such rates appear on such page, the rate will be the arithmetic mean of such displayed rates); provided, further, that in the event fewer than two such rates are displayed, or if no such rate is relevant, the LIBOR Rate shall be a rate per annum at which deposits in Dollars are offered by the principal office of the Facility Agent in London, England to prime banks in the London interbank market at 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days before the first day of such Accrual Period for delivery on such first day and for a period equal to three (3) months. 
 
 Lien means any security interest, lien, charge, pledge, preference, equity or encumbrance of any kind, including Tax liens, mechanics liens and any liens that attach by operation of law, excluding, however, a security interest in the nature of the rights of a buyer of a participation interest. 
 
 Loan means any commercial loan. 
 
 - 27 - 

Loan Register has the meaning set forth in Section 15.5(a) . 
 
 Loan Registrar has the meaning set forth in Section 15.5(a) . 
 
 Make-Whole Fee has the meaning set forth in the Fee Letter. 
 
 Margin Stock means Margin Stock as defined under Regulation U issued by the FRS 
 
 Board. 
 
 Material Action means an action to institute proceedings to have the Borrower be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, to file any insolvency case or proceeding, to institute proceedings under any applicable insolvency law, to seek relief under any law relating to relief from debts or the protection of debtors, or consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against the Borrower or file a petition seeking, or consent to, reorganization or relief with respect to the Borrower under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy, or consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Borrower or a substantial part of its property, or make any assignment for the benefit of creditors of the Borrower, or admit in writing the Borrower s inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or take action in furtherance of any such action. 
 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on: (a) the assets, operations, properties, financial condition, or business of the Borrower or the Servicer; (b) the ability of the Borrower or the Servicer to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents; (c) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents, or the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder or thereunder taken as a whole; or (d) the aggregate value of the Collateral or on the assignments and security interests granted by the Borrower in this Agreement. 
 
 Material Modification means any amendment or waiver of, or modification or supplement to, any Underlying Instrument governing a Collateral Obligation executed or effected on or after the related Cut-Off Date which: 
 
 (a) reduces or forgives any or all of the principal amount due under such Collateral Obligation; 

(b) any of (i) waives one or more interest payments, (ii) permits any interest due in cash to be deferred or capitalized and added to the principal amount of such Collateral Obligation (other than any deferral or capitalization already allowed by the terms of any Deferrable Collateral Obligation as of the related Cut-Off Date) or (iii) reduces the spread or coupon payable on such Collateral Obligation; provided , that no such reduction of 10 in the aggregate or less shall constitute a Material Modification if the Servicer certifies to the Facility Agent in writing that such reduction results from an increase in the credit quality of the related Obligor as determined by the Servicer in its reasonable discretion; 

(c) contractually or structurally subordinates such Collateral Obligation by operation of (i) any priority of payment provisions, (ii) turnover provisions, (iii) the transfer of assets in order to limit recourse to the related Obligor or (iv) the granting of Liens (other than by the granting of Permitted Liens) on any of the collateral securing such Collateral Obligation, each that requires the consent of the Borrower or any lenders thereunder; 

(d) either (i) extends the maturity date of such Collateral Obligation past the maturity date as of the related Cut-Off Date or (ii) extends the amortization schedule by more than 10 with respect thereto; provided that, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the first such extension of ninety (90) or less under clause (i) or 

- 28 - 
 
 more than 10 under clause (ii) shall not be a Material Modification under this clause (d) but any subsequent extension (of any amount under either clause) shall be a Material Modification under this clause (d); 

(e) substitutes, alters or releases (other than by the granting of Permitted Liens) the Related Security securing such Collateral Obligation and such substitution, alteration or release, individually or in the aggregate and as determined in the Facility Agent s sole discretion, materially and adversely affects the value of such Collateral Obligation; 

(f) results in any less financial information in respect of reporting frequency, scope or otherwise being provided with respect to the related Obligor or reduces the frequency or total number of any appraisals required thereunder that, in the case of a reduction in scope, has an effect on the ability of the Servicer or the Facility Agent (as determined by the Facility Agent in its reasonable discretion) to make any determinations or calculations required or permitted hereunder; 

(g) amends, waives, forbears, supplements or otherwise modifies in any way the definition of permitted lien or indebtedness (or any similar term) in a manner that is materially adverse to any Lender, or otherwise waives or forbears a default or an event of default or a covenant breach under the Underlying Instruments governing such Collateral Obligation; 

(h) results in any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal to any currency other than the Eligible Currency in which such Collateral Obligation was originally denominated; 

(i) with respect to an Asset Based Loan, results in a change to or grants relief from the borrowing base or any related definition as determined by the Facility Agent in its sole discretion; 

(j) results in a change to the calculation of EBITDA for the related Obligor; 

(k) with respect to an affiliated-agent Collateral Obligation, changes the party acting as the administrative agent, facility agent or other agent serving in such capacity (howsoever designated) unless either (x) such successor agent is not an affiliate of the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder or (y) such successor agent enters into an administrative agent cooperation agreement on or prior to the date of succession; or 

(l) without duplication of any event covered by clause (a) through (k) above, waives or forbears a default or an event of default or a covenant breach under the Underlying Instruments governing such Collateral Obligation that is material to the Lenders (an Unspecified Default Waiver Material Modification ). 

Maximum Availability means, as of any date of determination, the difference of (i) the Facility Amount minus (ii) the balance of all unfunded Advances approved but not yet funded minus (iii) the Aggregate Unfunded Amount plus (iv) all amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account, each as of such date of determination. 

- 29 - 
 
 Maximum Portfolio Advance Rate means the percentage corresponding to the applicable Diversity Score as set forth in the table below: 

Diversity Score (on such date) 
 Maximum Portfolio Advance Rate 

Less than 10 
 50.0 

Greater than or equal to 10 and less 
 60.0 

than 12 

Greater than or equal to 12 and less 
 65.0 

than 17 

Greater than or equal to 17 
 67.5 

Maximum Weighted Average Life Test means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if the Weighted Average Life of all Eligible Collateral Obligations included in the Collateral is less than or equal to 6.0 years. 
 
 Measurement Date means each of the following, as applicable: (i) the Effective Date; (ii) each Determination Date; (iii) each Funding Date; (iv) the date of any repayment or prepayment pursuant to Section 2.4 ; (v) the date that the Servicer has actual knowledge of the occurrence of any Revaluation Event with respect to any Collateral Obligation; (vi) the date of any optional repurchase or substitution pursuant to Section 7.11 ; (vii) the last date of the Revolving Period; (viii) the date on which the Borrower is notified of any change in the Discount Factor of any Collateral Obligation; and (ix) the date of any Optional Sale. 
 
 Minimum Diversity Test means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if the Diversity Score of all Eligible Collateral Obligations included in the Collateral is equal to or greater than (x) 8 during the first six (6) months on and after the Effective Date and (y) 10, thereafter. 
 
 Minimum Equity Test means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination (i) during the Ramp-Up Period, if the Effective Equity is not less than the greater of (A) the sum of the Principal Balances of the four Obligors with Collateral Obligations constituting the highest aggregate Principal Balances and (B) 50,000,000 and (ii) thereafter, if the Effective Equity is not less than the greater of (A) the sum of the Principal Balances of the five Obligors with Collateral Obligations constituting the highest aggregate Principal Balances and (B) 50,000,000 and; provided that, for purposes of calculating the above, the Principal Balance of Collateral Obligations with respect to any Obligor shall be the sum of all Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations with respect to which such Person is an Obligor. 
 
 Minimum Weighted Average Coupon Test means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if the Weighted Average Coupon of all Eligible Collateral Obligations that are Fixed Rate Collateral Obligations included in the Collateral on such date is equal to or greater than 6.00 . 
 
 Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if the Weighted Average Spread of all Eligible Collateral Obligations included in the Collateral on such date is equal to or greater than 5.00 . 
 
 Monthly Report means a monthly report in the form of Exhibit D prepared as of the close of business on each Reporting Date. 
 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

- 30 - 
 
 Moody s Industry Classification means the industry classifications set forth in Schedule 2 , as such industry classifications shall be updated at the option of the Facility Agent in its sole discretion if Moody s publishes revised industry classifications. 
 
 MSD Agented Loan means one or more Loans entered into by an Obligor as part of a transaction wherein the Equityholder or an Affiliate thereof (other than the Borrower) is the agent thereof. 
 
 MSD Investment Corp. means on the date hereof, MSD Investment, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company, and from and after the date of conversion of such entity to a corporation, MSD Investment Corp., a Maryland corporation. 
 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 3(37) or Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, as applicable, in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has or could have any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. 
 
 Non-Approval Event means, as of any date of determination, an event that (x) will be deemed to have occurred if the ratio (measured on a rolling six-month basis) of (i) the number of Asset Approval Requests resulting in Non-Approved Loans over (ii) the total number of Asset Approval Requests is greater than 50 and (y) will be continuing until the conditions set forth in clause (x) of this definition are no longer true; provided that, until ten (10) Eligible Collateral Obligations have been submitted to the Facility Agent by the Borrower, the ratio of clause (x)(i) over clause (x)(ii) shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
 Non-Approved Loan means each obligation that is otherwise fully eligible for inclusion in the Borrowing Base for which an Asset Approval Request is submitted by the Servicer to the Facility Agent, and such Asset Approval Request is not approved by the Facility Agent; provided that an obligation shall only constitute a Non-Approved Loan if the Servicer or an Affiliate thereof has entered into the related Underlying Instruments with the related obligor on terms substantially similar to those disclosed in the related Asset Approval Request. 
 
 Non-Sustainable Obligor means any Obligor (a) currently engaged (i) in activities within or in close proximity to World Heritage Sites that might impact the outstanding universal values of the site as defined by UNESCO, (ii) in activities located in or involving the clearing of primary tropical moist forests, illegal logging or uncontrolled and/or illegal use of fire (iii) as an upstream producer and / or processor of palm oil and palm fruit products that is not a member or certified in accordance with the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil RSPO or time-bound committed toward RSPO certification, (iv) in expanding an existing or developing a new coal-fired power irrespective of location, (v) in developing greenfield thermal coal mining, or (vi) in using mountain top removal as an extraction method in mining or (b) in relation to which there is evidence of child or forced labor in accordance with international labor conventions or other human rights violations such as slavery, forced or compulsory labor and human trafficking as defined by the Modern Slavery Act 2015. 
 
 Note means a promissory grid note, in the form of Exhibit A , made payable to an Agent on behalf of the related Lender Group. 
 
 Note Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 14.1 . 
 
 Obligations means all obligations (monetary or otherwise) of the Borrower to the Lenders, the Agents, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Facility Agent or any other Affected Person or Indemnified Party arising under or in connection with this Agreement, the Notes and each other Transaction Document. 

- 31 - 
 
 Obligor means any Person that owes payments under any Collateral Obligation and, solely for purposes of calculating the Excess Concentration Amount pursuant to clause (b) or (c) of the definition thereof, any Obligor that is an Affiliate of another Obligor shall be treated as the same Obligor; provided that for purposes of this definition, the term Affiliate shall not include any Affiliate relationship which may exist solely as a result of direct or indirect ownership of, or control by, a common financial sponsor. 
 
 Obligor Information means, with respect to any Obligor and, other than with respect to clause (iv), as provided by such Obligor to the Borrower or the Servicer, (i) the legal name, address, organizational chart and, if available to the Servicer using commercially reasonable efforts, tax identification number of such Obligor, (ii) the jurisdiction in which such Obligor is domiciled, (iii) unless waived by the Facility Agent in its sole discretion, the audited financial statements for the three prior fiscal years of such Obligor (or such shorter period of time for which such audited financial statements have been prepared and are available), (iv) the Servicer s internal credit memo with respect to the Obligor and the related Collateral Obligation, (v) the annual report for the most recent fiscal year of such Obligor, (vi) a company forecast of such Obligor including plans related to capital expenditures, (vii), the business model, company strategy and names of known peers of such Obligor, (viii) the shareholding pattern and details of the management team of such Obligor and (ix) details of any banking facilities and the debt maturity schedule of such Obligor. 
 
 OFAC has the meaning set forth in Section 9.30(a) . 
 
 Officer s Certificate means a certificate signed by an Executive Officer. 
 
 Official Body means any government or political subdivision or any agency, authority, regulatory body, bureau, central bank, commission, department or instrumentality of any such government or political subdivision, or any court, tribunal, grand jury or arbitrator, in each case whether foreign or domestic. 
 
 Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion of independent counsel reasonably acceptable in form and substance and from counsel reasonably acceptable to the Facility Agent. 
 
 Optional Sale has the meaning set forth in Section 7.10 . 
 
 Original Effective LTV means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the Effective LTV of such Collateral Obligation as calculated by the Servicer and approved by the Facility Agent (which may include a normalized revolving loan assumption on any unfunded revolving loan) in accordance with the definition of Effective LTV and the definitions used therein and set forth in the related Asset Approval Request. 
 
 Original Leverage Multiple means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the Leverage Multiple applicable to such Collateral Obligation as calculated by the Servicer (and, to the extent set forth in the Asset Approval Request, approved by the Facility Agent in the related Asset Approval Notice) in accordance with the definition of Leverage Multiple and the definitions used therein and set forth in the related Asset Approval Request. 
 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Transaction Document, or sold or assigned an interest in the Obligations or any Transaction Document). 

- 32 - 
 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, mortgage, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Transaction Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. 
 
 Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 15.9(a). 
 
 Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 15.9(c) . 
 
 Participation Interest means a participation interest in a loan that would, at the time of acquisition or the Borrower s commitment to acquire the same, satisfy each of the following criteria: (i) such participation would constitute an Eligible Collateral Obligation were it acquired directly, (ii) the seller of the participation is the lender on the subject loan, (iii) the aggregate participation in the loan does not exceed the principal amount or commitment of such loan, (iv) such participation does not grant, in the aggregate, to the participant in such participation a greater interest than the seller holds in the loan or commitment that is the subject of the participation, (v) the entire purchase price for such participation is paid in full at the time of its acquisition, and (vi) the participation provides the participant all of the economic benefit and risk of the whole or part of the loan or commitment that is the subject of the loan participation. 
 
 Payment Recipient has the meaning assigned to it in Section 14.12(a). 
 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and its successors and assigns. 
 
 Permitted Gaming Industry means an industry in respect of which the following conditions must be satisfied: 
 
 (a) the Obligor or any of its Affiliates hold the required licenses for the jurisdiction and are in compliance with the applicable local gaming, betting and gambling legislation and regulation; and 

(b) the Obligor or any of its Affiliates have satisfactory anti-financial crime policies (including anti-money laundering and anti-bribery and corruption) in place which satisfy the applicable policies of the Servicer. 

Permitted Investment means, at any time: 
 (a) direct interest-bearing obligations of, and interest-bearing obligations guaranteed as to timely payment of principal and interest by, the United States or any agency or instrumentality of the United States, the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States; 

(b) demand or time deposits in, certificates of deposit of, demand notes of, or bankers acceptances issued by any depository institution or trust company organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof (including any federal or state branch or agency of a foreign depository institution or trust company) and subject to supervision and examination by federal and/or state banking authorities (including, if applicable, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian or Facility Agent or any agent thereof acting in its commercial capacity); provided , that the short-term unsecured debt obligations of such depository institution or trust company at the time of such investment, or contractual commitment providing for such investment, are rated at least A-1 by Standard Poor s and P-1 by Moody s; 

(c) commercial paper that (i) is payable in Dollars and (ii) is rated at least A-1 by Standard Poor s and P-1 by Moody s; or 

- 33 - 
 
 (d) shares or other securities of non-United States registered money market funds which funds have, at all times, credit ratings of Aaa-mf by Moody s and AAAm by Standard Poor s. 

Permitted Investments may be purchased by or through the Collateral Custodian or any of its Affiliates. All Permitted Investments shall be held in the name of the Securities Intermediary. No Permitted Investment shall have an f , r , p , pi , q , sf or t subscript affixed to its Standard Poor s rating. Any such investment may be made or acquired from or through the Collateral Agent or the Facility Agent or any of their respective affiliates, or any entity for whom the Collateral Agent or the Facility Agent or any of their respective affiliates provides services and receives compensation (so long as such investment otherwise meets the applicable requirements of the foregoing definition of Permitted Investment at the time of acquisition); provided , that notwithstanding the foregoing clauses (a) through (d) , unless the Borrower and the Servicer have received the written advice of counsel of national reputation experienced in such matters to the contrary (together with an Officer s Certificate of the Borrower or the Servicer to the Facility Agent and the Collateral Agent that the advice specified in this definition has been received by the Borrower and the Servicer), Permitted Investments may only include obligations or securities that constitute cash equivalents for purposes of the rights and assets in paragraph (c)(8)(i)(B) of the exclusions from the definition of covered fund for purposes of the Volcker Rule. 
 
 Permitted Lien means (i) the Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, (ii) Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (iii) as to Related Security, Liens for Taxes and mechanics or suppliers liens for services or materials supplied, in either case, not yet due and payable and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (iv) as to Related Security (1) the Lien in favor of the Borrower pursuant to the Sale Agreement and 
 (2) any Liens on the Related Security permitted pursuant to the applicable Underlying Instruments and (v) as to agented Loans, Liens in favor of the agent on behalf of all the lenders of the related Obligor. 
 
 Person means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), joint stock company, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity. 
 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to Title IV of ERISA, Section 412 and 430 of the Code, or Section 302 of ERISA and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate (x) is (or, if such Plan were terminated, would under Section 4062 or Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA, or (y) has or could have any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. 
 
 Prepayment Fee has the meaning set forth in the Fee Letter. 
 
 Prepayment Make-Whole Premium has the meaning set forth in the Fee Letter. 
 
 Prepayment Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(b)(i) . 
 
 Principal Balance means with respect to any Collateral Obligation as of any date, (a) if such Collateral Obligation is denominated and payable in Dollars, the lower of (A) the Purchase Price paid by the Borrower for such Collateral Obligation and (B) the outstanding principal balance of such Collateral Obligation, and (b) if such Collateral Obligation is denominated and payable in any Eligible Currency other than Dollars, the equivalent in Dollars (as determined by the Servicer using the Applicable Exchange Rate) of the lower of (A) the Purchase Price paid by the Borrower for such Collateral Obligation and (B) the outstanding principal balance of such Collateral Obligation, in each case exclusive of (x) any deferred or capitalized interest on such Collateral Obligation and (y) any unfunded amounts with respect to any Variable Funding Asset; provided , that for purposes 
 
 - 34 - 
 
 of calculating the Principal Balance of any Deferrable Collateral Obligation, principal payments received on such Collateral Obligation shall first be applied to reducing or eliminating any outstanding deferred or capitalized interest; provided, further , that for purposes of the calculation set forth in clause (f) of the definition of Excess Concentration Amount, the Principal Balance of each Variable Funding Asset shall include any unfunded commitment owed by the Borrower with respect thereto. The Principal Balance of any Equity Security shall be zero. 
 
 Principal Collections means any and all amounts of collections received with respect to the Collateral other than Interest Collections and Excluded Amounts, including (but not limited to) (i) all collections attributable to principal on such Collateral (including, after the end of the Revolving Period, any proceeds received by the Borrower as a result of exercising any Warrant Asset at any time), (ii) all payments received by the Borrower pursuant to any Hedging Agreement, (iii) the earnings on Principal Collections in the Collection Account that are invested in Permitted Investments, and (iv) all Repurchase Amounts, in each case other than Retained Interests. 
 
 Principal Collection Account means the collective reference to the segregated, non-interest bearing securities accounts (within the meaning of Section 8-501 of the UCC) with the account numbers set forth on Schedule 5 , which is created and maintained on the books and records of the Securities Intermediary identified as principal collection accounts, in each case in the name of the Borrower and subject to the prior Lien of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, which is established and maintained pursuant to Section 8.1(a) . 
 
 Proceeding means any voluntary or involuntary insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, custodianship, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, assignment for the benefit of creditors, appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee or other officer with similar powers or any other proceeding for the liquidation, dissolution or other winding up of a Person. 
 
 Prohibited Defense Asset means a Collateral Obligation in respect of which the related Obligor s primary direct business is the production or distribution of antipersonnel landmines, cluster munitions, biological and chemical, radiological and nuclear weapons or their Critical Components. 
 
 Prohibited Industry means with respect to any Obligor, its primary business is (a) within an industry referred to in the definition of Prohibited Defense Asset; (b) the manufacture of fully completed and operational assault weapons or firearms; (c) in pornography or adult entertainment; 
 (d) in the gaming industry (other than (i) a Permitted Gaming Industry or (ii) hospitality and/or resorts development or the management thereof); (e) in the marijuana industry; (f) in the opioid industry or (g) to finance any other industry which is illegal under Applicable Law at the time of acquisition of such Loan. 
 
 Purchase Price means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the greater of (a) zero and (b) the actual price in Dollars (or, if such Collateral Obligation is denominated and payable in any Eligible Currency other than Dollars, the equivalent in Dollars (as determined by the Servicer using the Applicable Exchange Rate)) paid by the Borrower for such Collateral Obligation (exclusive of any original issue discount if such original issue discount is less than 3 of par) minus all collections attributable to principal on such Collateral Obligation; provided that any Collateral Obligation acquired both (x) in connection with the origination or primary syndication of such Collateral Obligation and (y) with a Purchase Price equal to or greater than 97 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in excess of 100 shall be deemed to have a Purchase Price equal to 100 . 
 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning set forth in Section 17.20 . 
 
 - 35 - 

Qualified Substitute Arrangement has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6(c) . 
 
 Ramp-Up Period means either (a) the period from and including the Effective Date to the earlier of (i) the first date on which the aggregate Principal Balance of all Eligible Collateral Obligations plus the amount of Principal Collections on deposit in the Principal Collection Account equals or exceeds the Target Portfolio Amount and (ii) the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Effective Date or (b) a period from and including each effective date on which the aggregate Commitments have been increased by at least an additional 50,000,000 pursuant to Section 2.8 to the six (6) month anniversary of such increase; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Ramp-Up Periods set forth in clauses (a) and (b) above may run concurrently. 
 
 Rating Agencies means Standard Poor s and Moody s. 
 
 Recipient means (a) the Facility Agent, (b) any Agent, (c) any Lender and (d) any other recipient of a payment hereunder. 
 
 Records means the Collateral Obligation File for any Collateral Obligation and all other documents, books, records and other information prepared and maintained by or on behalf of the Borrower with respect to any Collateral Obligation and the Obligors thereunder, including all documents, books, records and other information prepared and maintained by the Borrower or the Servicer with respect to such Collateral Obligation or Obligors. 
 
 Reinvestment has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3(b) . 
 
 Reinvestment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3(b) . 
 
 Reinvestment Request has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3(b). 
 
 Related Collateral Obligation means any Collateral Obligation where any Affiliate of the Borrower, Servicer or the Equityholder owns a variable funding asset pursuant to the same Underlying Instruments; provided that any such asset will cease to be a Related Collateral Obligation once all commitments by such Affiliate of the Borrower, Servicer or the Equityholder to make advances or fund such Variable Funding Asset to the related Obligor expire or are irrevocably terminated or reduced to zero. 
 
 Related Property means, with respect to a Collateral Obligation, any property or other assets designated and pledged or mortgaged as collateral to secure repayment of such Collateral Obligation, including, without limitation, any pledge of the stock, membership or other ownership interests in the related Obligor or its subsidiaries, all Warrant Assets with respect to such Collateral Obligation and all proceeds from any sale or other disposition of such property or other assets. 
 
 Related Security means, with respect to each Collateral Obligation: 
 (a) all Warrant Assets and any Related Property securing a Collateral Obligation, all payments paid to the Borrower in respect thereof and all monies due, to become due and paid to the Borrower in respect thereof accruing after the applicable Advance Date and all liquidation proceeds thereof; 

(b) all guaranties, indemnities and warranties, insurance policies, financing statements and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of any such indebtedness; 

- 36 - 
 
 (c) all Collections with respect to such Collateral Obligation and any of the foregoing; 

(d) any guarantees or similar credit enhancement for an Obligor s obligations under any Collateral Obligation, all UCC financing statements or other filings relating thereto, including all rights and remedies, if any, against any Related Security, including all amounts due and to become due to the Borrower thereunder and all rights, remedies, powers, privileges and claims of the Borrower thereunder (whether arising pursuant to the terms of such agreement or otherwise available to the Borrower at law or in equity); 

(e) all Records with respect to such Collateral Obligation and any of the foregoing; and 

(f) all recoveries and proceeds of the foregoing. 

REO Asset means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, any real property that is Related Property that has been foreclosed on or repossessed from the current Obligor by the Servicer, and is being managed by the Servicer on behalf of, and in the name of, any REO Asset Owner, for the benefit of the Secured Parties and any other equity holder of such REO Asset Owner. 
 
 REO Asset Owner has the meaning set forth in Section 7.12(a) . 
 
 REO Servicing Standard has the meaning set forth in Section 7.12(a). 
 
 Replacement Hedging Agreement means one or more Hedging Agreements, which in combination with all other Hedging Agreements then in effect, after giving effect to any planned cancellations of any presently outstanding Hedging Agreements satisfy the Borrower s covenant contained in Section 10.6 to maintain Hedging Agreements. 
 
 Reporting Date means , with respect to any the date that is (a) for each month in which a Distribution Date occurs , the third Business Day prior to such Distribution Date or (b) for each other month, the twelfth (12 th day of such month, or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day . 
 
 Repurchase Amount means, for any Warranty Collateral Obligation for which a payment or substitution is being made pursuant to Section 7.11 as of any time of determination, the sum of (i) the greater of (a) an amount equal to the purchase price paid by the Borrower for such Collateral Obligation (excluding purchased accrued interest and original issue discount) less all payments of principal received in connection with such Collateral Obligation since the date it was added to the Collateral and (b) the Collateral Obligation Amount of such Collateral Obligation, (ii) any accrued and unpaid interest thereon since the last Distribution Date and (iii) all Hedge Breakage Costs owed to any relevant Hedge Counterparty for any termination of one or more Hedge Transactions, in whole or in part, as required by the terms of any Hedging Agreement, incurred in connection with such payment or repurchase and the termination of any Hedge Transactions in whole or in part in connection therewith. 
 
 Repurchased Collateral Obligation means, with respect to any Collection Accrual Period, any Collateral Obligation as to which the Repurchase Amount has been deposited in the Collection Account by or on behalf of the Borrower or the Servicer, as applicable, on or before the immediately prior Reporting Date and any Collateral Obligation purchased by the Equityholder pursuant to the Sale Agreement as to which the Repurchase Amount has been deposited in the Collection Account by or on behalf of the Equityholder. 
 
 Request for Release and Receipt means a form substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 completed and signed by the Servicer. 

- 37 - 
 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, (a) Lenders holding Advances aggregating greater than 50 of all Advances outstanding or if there are no Advances outstanding, Lenders holding Commitments aggregating greater than 50 of all Commitments and (b) the Facility Agent; provided that Advances outstanding owing to Defaulting Lenders and the commitments of Defaulting Lenders shall be disregarded for purposes of this definition. 
 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 
 Responsible Officer means, with respect to (a) the Servicer or the Borrower, its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, or any other officer or employee of the Servicer, the Borrower or the Investment Manager directly responsible for the administration or collection of the Collateral Obligations, (b) the Collateral Agent or Collateral Custodian, any officer within the Corporate Trust Office, including any director, vice president, assistant vice president or associate having direct responsibility for the administration of this Agreement, who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any matter is referred because of his or her knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject, or (c) any other Person, the President, any Vice-President or Assistant Vice-President, Corporate Trust Officer or the Controller of such Person, or any other officer or employee having similar functions. 
 
 Retained Economic Interest has the meaning set forth in Section 10.22(a). 
 
 Retained Interest means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation included in the Collateral, (a) such obligations to provide additional funding with respect to such Collateral Obligation that have been retained by the other lender(s) of such Collateral Obligation, (b) all of the rights and obligations, if any, of the agent(s) under the Underlying Instruments, (c) any unused commitment fees associated with the additional funding obligations that are being retained in accordance with clause (a) above, and (d) any agency or similar fees associated with the rights and obligations of the agent(s) that are being retained in accordance with clause (b) above. 
 
 Revaluation Diversion Event means an event that shall occur (and be deemed continuing at all times thereafter) if, at any time after the end of the Revolving Period (a) the sum of all decreases in the Collateral Obligation Amount (solely as a result of (x) decreases in the related Discount Factor pursuant to Section 2.7(b) or (y) such Collateral Obligation becoming a DB Tranched Second Lien Loan) first equals or exceeds the product of (A) 7.5 multiplied by (B) the Adjusted Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Balance as of the first Business Day after the end of the Revolving Period and (b) a Revaluation Event shall occur with respect to three (3) or more Collateral Obligations after the end of the Revolving Period. 
 
 Revaluation Event means each occurrence of any of the following with respect to any Collateral Obligation during the time such Collateral Obligation is Collateral: 
 (a) such Collateral Obligation becomes a Defaulted Collateral Obligation; 

(b) the occurrence of a Material Modification with respect to such Collateral Obligation that is not previously approved by the Facility Agent (in its sole discretion); 

(c) the related Obligor fails (in the case of quarterly or monthly information, more than once) to deliver to the Borrower or the Servicer any financial reporting information (i) as required by the Underlying Instruments of such Collateral Obligation (after giving effect to the shorter of (i) thirty (30) days and (ii) any applicable grace period thereunder) and (ii) no less frequently than quarterly; 

- 38 - 
 
 (d) with respect to any Enterprise Value Loan, the Leverage Multiple with respect to such Collateral Obligation becomes more than 1.0x higher than the Leverage Multiple as calculated when such Collateral Obligation was first pledged hereunder; 

(e) with respect to any Asset Based Loan, (A) the Borrower fails (or fails to cause the Obligor to) retain an Approved Valuation Firm to re-calculate the Appraised Value of (x) with respect to any such Asset Based Loan that has intellectual property, equipment or real property, as the case may be, in its borrowing base, the collateral securing such Asset Based Loan at least once every twelve (12) months that such Loan is included in the Collateral (subject to a 30 day grace period with respect to any such review) and (y) with respect to all other Asset Based Loans included in the Collateral, the collateral securing such Loan at least once every six (6) months that such Loan is included in the Collateral (subject to a 30 day grace period with respect to any such review) or (B) the Borrower (or the related Obligor, as applicable) changes the Approved Valuation Firm with respect to any Asset Based Loan that or the related Approved Valuation Firm changes the metric for valuing the collateral of such Loan, each without the written approval of the Facility Agent; 

(f) with respect to any Asset Based Loan, the Effective LTV of such Collateral Obligation is greater than 1.0 or increases by more than an amount equal to 15 of the Original Effective LTV of such Collateral Obligation; provided that each subsequent increase of an additional 15 over the applicable Original Effective LTV shall be an additional Revaluation Event; 

(g) the related Obligor undergoes a merger, acquisition or other restructuring unless the Servicer determines in its reasonable discretion (as certified to the Facility Agent in writing) that such event is not a material negative credit event for the related Obligor; 

(h) the Borrower sells or otherwise disposes of a portion of such Collateral Obligation at a price (as a percentage of par) less than the lower of (i) 95 of par and (ii) the currently assigned Discount Factor; 

(i) if such Collateral Obligation is rated by either S P or Moody s and is not a DIP Loan, such Collateral Obligation has (x) a rating by Standard Poor s of CCC- or below or a Moody s probability of default rating (as published by Moody s) of Caa3 or below or, in each case, had such ratings before they were withdrawn by Standard Poor s or Moody s, as applicable; 

(j) if such Collateral Obligation is a Participation Interest (other than an Assigned Participation Interest), the seller thereof ceases to have (x) long-term unsecured ratings of at least Baa1 by Moody s and BBB+ by S P and (y) short-term unsecured ratings of at least A-1 by S P and P-1 by Moody s (or such ratings as otherwise approved by the Facility Agent in its sole discretion); or 

(k) the occurrence of a default in any financial covenant contained in the Underlying Instruments, without regard to any applicable grace period contained in the Underlying Instruments; provided that the Facility Agent may, with the reasonable consent of the Borrower, include custom revaluation events other than those included in the definition of Revaluation Event as a condition of its approval of any Collateral Obligation, as noted in the related Asset Approval Notice. 

It being understood and agreed that if an event that results in a Revaluation Event under clause (a), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) or (k) above is waived by an Unspecified Default Waiver Material Modification, such Unspecified Default Waiver Material Modification will not give rise to an additional Revaluation Event under clause (b) above if the Facility Agent determines in its sole discretion that such Unspecified Default Waiver Material Modification waives the same event that resulted in such other Revaluation Event. 

- 39 - 
 
 Revolving Loan means a Collateral Obligation that specifies a maximum aggregate amount that can be borrowed by the related Obligor and permits such Obligor to re-borrow any amount previously borrowed and subsequently repaid during the term of such Collateral Obligation. 
 
 Revolving Period means the period of time starting on the Effective Date and ending on the earliest to occur of (i) the date that is thirty-six (36) months after the Effective Date or, if such date is extended pursuant to Section 2.6 , the date mutually agreed upon by the Borrower and the Facility Agent, (ii) the date on which the Facility Amount is terminated in full pursuant to Section 2.5 , (iii) the occurrence of an Event of Default, (iv) the termination date of any equity commitment to the Equityholder or any Affiliate of the Equityholder becomes earlier than the date set forth in clause (ii) of the definition of Facility Termination Date, (v) a default under the Constituent Documents of the Equityholder, (vi) the termination of the reinvestment period of the Equityholder or (v) the date on which the Equityholder is no longer able to call for capital contributions from the limited partners of the Equityholder pursuant to its respective limited partnership agreements. 
 
 Sale Agreement means the Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Equityholder, as seller, and the Borrower, as purchaser. 
 
 Sanction Target has the meaning set forth in Section 9.30 . 
 
 Sanctioned Countries has the meaning set forth in Section 9.30 . 
 
 Sanctions has the meaning set forth in Section 9.30 . 
 
 Schedule of Collateral Obligations means the list or lists of Collateral Obligations attached to each Asset Approval Request and each Reinvestment Request. Each such schedule shall identify the assets that will become Collateral Obligations, shall set forth such information with respect to each such Collateral Obligation as the Borrower or the Facility Agent may reasonably require and shall supplement any such schedules attached to previously-delivered Asset Approval Requests and Reinvestment Requests. 
 
 Scheduled Collateral Obligation Payment means each periodic installment payable by an Obligor under a Collateral Obligation for principal, interest and/or unutilized/commitment fees (as applicable) in accordance with the terms of the related Underlying Instrument. 
 
 Second Lien Loan means any Loan that (i) is not (and that by its terms is not permitted to become) subordinate in right of payment to any other obligation of the related Obligor other than a First Lien Loan with respect to the liquidation of such Obligor or the collateral for such Loan and (ii) is secured by a valid second priority perfected Lien to or on specified collateral securing the related Obligor s obligations under the Loan, which Lien is not subordinate to the Lien securing any other debt for borrowed money other than a First Lien Loan on such specified collateral and any Permitted Liens. 
 
 Secured Parties means, collectively, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Securities Intermediary, each Lender, the Facility Agent, each Agent, each other Affected Person, Indemnified Party and Hedge Counterparty and their respective permitted successors and assigns. 
 
 Securities Intermediary means U.S. Bank National Association, solely in its capacity as securities intermediary, or any subsequent institution acceptable to the Facility Agent at which the Accounts are kept. 
 
 Senior Secured Bond means a debt security (that is not a loan) that is (a) issued by a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or trust and (b) secured by a valid first priority perfected security interest on specified collateral. 
 
 - 40 - 

Servicer means initially MSD Investment Corp. (formerly known as MSD Investment, LLC) or any successor servicer appointed pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 Servicer Default means the occurrence of one of the following events: 
 
 (a) any failure by the Servicer to deposit or credit, or to deliver for deposit, in the Collection Account any amount required hereunder to be so deposited, credited or delivered or to make any required distributions therefrom; 

(b) failure on the part of the Servicer duly to observe or to perform in any respect any other covenant or agreement of the Servicer set forth in this Agreement which failure continues unremedied for a period of 30 days after the date on which written notice of such failure shall have been given to the Servicer by the Borrower, the Collateral Agent or the Facility Agent; 

(c) the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the Servicer; 

(d) any representation, warranty or statement of the Servicer made in this Agreement or any certificate, report or other writing delivered pursuant hereto shall prove to be false or incorrect as of the time when the same shall have been made or deemed made (i) which incorrect representation, warranty or statement has a material and adverse effect on (1) the validity, enforceability or collectability of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or (2) the rights and remedies of any Secured Party with respect to matters arising under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, and (ii) within 30 days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the Servicer by the Borrower, the Collateral Agent or the Facility Agent, the circumstance or condition in respect of which such representation, warranty or statement was incorrect shall not have been eliminated or otherwise cured; 

(e) an Event of Default occurs; 

(f) the failure of the Servicer to make any payment when due (after giving effect to any related grace period) under one or more agreements for borrowed money to which it is a party in an aggregate amount in excess of 2,500,000, individually or in the aggregate; or (ii) the occurrence of any event or condition that has resulted in or permits the acceleration of such recourse debt, whether or not waived; 

(g) the rendering against the Servicer of one or more final, non-appealable judgments, decrees or orders for the payment of money in excess of 2,500,000, individually or in the aggregate, and the continuance of such judgment, decree or order unsatisfied and in effect for any period of more than sixty (60) consecutive days without a stay of execution; 

(h) a Change of Control occurs; or 

(i) MSD Investment Corp. ceases to be the Servicer. 

Servicer Expenses means any accrued and unpaid expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses) and indemnity amounts payable by the Borrower to the Servicer (other than the Servicing Fee) under the Transaction Documents. 
 
 Servicing Fee means with respect to any Distribution Date, the senior fee payable to the Servicer or successor servicer (as applicable) for services rendered during the related Collection Accrual Period, which shall be equal to one-twelfth of the product of (i) the Servicing Fee Percentage multiplied by (ii) the average of the 
 
 - 41 - 
 
 values of the Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Amount on the first day and the last day of the related Collection Accrual Period. 
 
 Servicing Fee Percentage means, so long as MSD Investment Corp. or any Affiliate thereof or of the Borrower is the Servicer, 0 ; otherwise up to 0.50 , as determined by the Facility Agent and any successor servicer. 
 
 Servicing Standard means, with respect to any Collateral Obligations, to service and administer such Collateral Obligations on behalf of the Borrower for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with the Underlying Instruments and all customary and usual servicing practices which are consistent with the higher of: (i) the customary and usual servicing practices that a prudent loan investor or lender would use in servicing loans like the Collateral Obligations for its own account, and (ii) the same care, skill, prudence and diligence with which the Servicer services and administers loans for its own account or for the account of others. 
 
 SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate. 
 
 Standard Poor s or S P means Standard Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC business, and any successor or successors thereto. 
 
 Structured Finance Obligation means any obligation secured directly by, referenced to, or representing ownership of, a pool of receivables or other financial assets of any obligor, including collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities, including (but not limited to) collateral debt obligations, collateral loan obligations, asset backed securities and commercial mortgage backed securities or any resecuritization thereof. 
 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, a corporation, partnership or other entity of which such Person and/or its other Subsidiaries own, directly or indirectly, such number of outstanding shares or interests as have more than 50 of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors, managers or general partners, as applicable. 
 
 Substituted Collateral Obligation means, with respect to any Collection Accrual Period, any Warranty Collateral Obligation with respect to which the Equityholder has substituted in a replacement Eligible Collateral Obligation pursuant to Section 7.11 and the Sale Agreement. 
 
 Supported QFC has the meaning set forth in Section 17.20 . 
 
 Tangible Net Worth means, with respect to any Person, the consolidated assets minus the consolidated liabilities of such Person calculated in accordance with GAAP after subtracting therefrom the aggregate amount of the consolidated intangible assets of such Person, including, without limitation, goodwill, franchises, licenses, patents, trademarks, tradenames, copyrights and service marks. 
 
 Target Portfolio Amount means 650 750 ,000,000; provided such amount will automatically (i) increase pro-rata upon any increase of at least 50,000,000 of the Facility Amount hereunder and (ii) decrease pro-rata upon any decrease of at least 50,000,000 of the Facility Amount hereunder. 

- 42 - 
 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Official Body, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Term SOFR means, for any calculation with respect to an Advance (other than an Advance bearing interest at the Alternate Base Rate), the greater of (i) 0.25 and (ii) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of three (3) months on the day (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Accrual Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator. 
 
 Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Facility Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR in this Section 1.1. 
 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR as published by the Term SOFR Administrator. 
 
 Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Notes, the Sale Agreement, the Collateral Agent and Collateral Custodian Fee Letter, each Fee Letter, the Account Control Agreement, any Joinder Agreement and the other documents to be executed and delivered in connection with this Agreement, specifically excluding from the foregoing, however, Underlying Instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement. 
 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the applicable jurisdiction or jurisdictions. 
 
 UK AIFM Regulations means the UK Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013. 
 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Underlying Instrument means the loan agreement, credit agreement or other customary agreement pursuant to which a Collateral Obligation has been created or issued and each other agreement that governs the terms of or secures the obligations represented by such Collateral Obligation or of which the holders of such Collateral Obligation are the beneficiaries. 
 
 Undrawn Fee means a fee payable pursuant to Section 3.1(b) for each day of the related Collection Accrual Period equal to the product of (x) the difference between the aggregate Commitments on such day minus the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Advances on such day, multiplied by (y) the Undrawn Fee Rate multiplied by (z) 1/360. 
 
 Undrawn Fee Rate has the meaning set forth in the Fee Letter. 
 
 - 43 - 

Unfunded Exposure Account means a segregated, non-interest bearing securities account with the account number set forth on Schedule 5 , which is created and maintained on the books and records of the Securities Intermediary entitled Unfunded Exposure Account in the name of the Borrower and subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, which is established and maintained pursuant to Section 8.1(a) . 
 
 Unfunded Exposure Shortfall has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(a) . 
 
 Unmatured Event of Default means any event that, if it continues uncured, will, with lapse of time or notice or lapse of time and notice, constitute an Event of Default. 
 
 Unmatured Servicer Default means any event that, if it continues uncured, will, with lapse of time or notice or lapse of time and notice, constitute a Servicer Default. 
 
 Unrestricted Cash means, with respect to any Person, all cash available for use for general corporate purposes and not held in any reserve account or legally or contractually restricted for any particular purposes or subject to any Lien. 
 
 Unspecified Default Waiver Material Modification has the meaning set forth in clause (l) of the definition of Material Modification . 
 
 USA Patriot Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107 56. 
 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning set forth in Section 17.20. 
 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3(f). 
 
 Variable Funding Asset means any Revolving Loan or other asset that by its terms may require one or more future advances to be made to the related Obligor by any lender thereon or owner thereof. 
 
 Volcker Rule means Section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 Warrant Asset means any equity purchase warrants or similar rights convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any equity interests received by the Borrower as an equity kicker from the Obligor in connection with a Collateral Obligation. 
 
 Warranty Collateral Obligation has the meaning set forth in Section 7.11. 

- 44 - 
 
 Weighted Average Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Eligible Collateral Obligations included in the Adjusted Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Balance, the number obtained by dividing (i) the amount obtained by summing the products obtained by multiplying (a) the Advance Rate of each such Eligible Collateral Obligation by (b) such Eligible Collateral Obligation s contribution to the Adjusted Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Balance by (ii) the Adjusted Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Balance, in each case, as of such date. 
 
 Weighted Average Coupon means, as of any day, the number expressed as a percentage obtained by dividing (i) the sum for each Eligible Collateral Obligation (including, for any Deferrable Collateral Obligation, only the required current cash pay interest thereon) that is a Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation of (x) the interest rate for each such Collateral Obligation minus the LIBOR Rate Base Rate in effect for the Accrual Period that includes such date of determination multiplied by (y) the Collateral Obligation Amount of each such Collateral Obligation by (ii) the Adjusted Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Balance for Fixed Rate Collateral Obligations. 
 
 Weighted Average Life means, as of any day with respect to all Eligible Collateral Obligations included in the Collateral, the number of years following such date obtained by dividing (i) the amount obtained by summing the products obtained by multiplying (a) the Average Life at such time of each such Eligible Collateral Obligation by (b) the Collateral Obligation Amount of such Collateral Obligation by (ii) the Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Amount. 
 
 Weighted Average Spread means, as of any day, the number expressed as a percentage equal to (i) the Aggregate Funded Spread divided by (ii) the Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Amount. 
 
 Withholding Agent means the Borrower, the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Servicer. 
 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under the Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 
 written or in writing (and other variations thereof) means any form of written communication or a communication by means of telex, telecopier device, telegraph or cable. 
 
 Yield means, with respect to any period, the daily interest accrued on Advances during such period as provided for in Article III . 
 
 Section 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions . (a) Unless otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this Agreement have the meanings as so defined herein when used in the Notes or any other Transaction Document, certificate, report or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto. 
 
 (b) Each term defined in the singular form in Section 1.1 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall mean the plural thereof when the plural form of such term is used in this Agreement, the Notes or any other Transaction Document, certificate, report or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, and 

- 45 - 
 
 each term defined in the plural form in Section 1.1 shall mean the singular thereof when the singular form of such term is used herein or therein. 

(c) The words hereof, herein, hereunder and similar terms when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, the term including means including without limitation, and article, section, subsection, schedule and exhibit references herein are references to articles, sections, subsections, schedules and exhibits to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 

(d) The following terms which are defined in the UCC in effect in the State of New York on the date hereof are used herein as so defined: Accounts, Certificated Securities, Chattel Paper, Control, Deposit Account, Documents, Equipment, Financial Assets, Funds-Transfer System, General Intangibles, Indorse and Indorsed, Instruments, Inventory, Investment Property, Proceeds, Securities Account, Securities Intermediary, Security Certificates, Security Entitlements, Security Interest and Uncertificated Securities. 

(e) Unless otherwise specified, each reference in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document to a Transaction Document shall mean such Transaction Document as the same may from time to time be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents. 

(f) Unless otherwise specified, each reference to any Applicable Law means such Applicable Law as amended, modified, codified, replaced or reenacted, in whole or in part, and in effect from time to time, including rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and reference to any Section or other provision of any Applicable Law means that provision of such Applicable Law from time to time in effect and constituting the substantive amendment, modification, codification, replacement or reenactment of such Section or other provision. 

(g) All calculations required to be made hereunder with respect to the Collateral Obligations, the Maximum Availability and the Borrowing Base shall be made on a trade date basis and after giving effect to (x) all purchases or sales to be entered into on such trade date, (y) all Advances requested to be made on such trade date plus the balance of all unfunded Advances to be made in connection with the Borrower s purchase of previously requested (and approved) Collateral Obligations or any funding with respect to a Variable Funding Asset included in the Collateral and (z) the application of any Principal Collections on deposit in the Principal Collections Account necessary to settle all outstanding and unsettled assignments. 

(h) Any use of the term knowledge or actual knowledge in this Agreement shall mean actual knowledge after reasonable inquiry. 

(i) Any use of material or materially or words of similar meaning in this Agreement shall mean material, as determined by the Facility Agent in its sole discretion. 

(j) For purposes of this Agreement, an Event of Default or Servicer Default shall be deemed to be continuing until it is waived in accordance with Section 17.2 . 

(k) For all purposes under the Transaction Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws), if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person. 

(k) l) Unless otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, if at any time any change in generally accepted accounting principles (including the adoption of IFRS) would affect the computation of any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) set forth in this Agreement or any other Transaction 
 
 - 46 - 
 
 Document, the Borrower and Facility Agent shall negotiate in good faith to amend such covenant to preserve the original intent in light of such change; provided, that, until so amended, (i) such covenant shall continue to be computed in accordance with the application of generally accepted accounting principles prior to such change and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Facility Agent a written reconciliation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent, between calculations of such covenant made before and after giving effect to such change in generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 (l) (m) Any reference to execute , executed , sign , signed , signature or any other like term hereunder shall include execution by electronic signature (including, with-out limitation, any .pdf file, .jpeg file, or any other electronic or image file, or any electronic signature as defined under the U.S. Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act E-SIGN or the New York Electronic Signatures and Records Act ESRA ), which includes any electronic signature provided using Orbit, Adobe Sign, DocuSign, or any other similar platform identified by the Borrower, the Equityholder, the Servicer, the Facility Agent or any Lender and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian), except to the extent the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian requests otherwise. Any such electronic signatures shall be valid, effective and legally binding as if such electronic signatures were handwritten signatures and shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered for all purposes hereunder. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 THE FACILITY, ADVANCE PROCEDURES AND NOTES 
 
 Section 2.1 Advances . (a) On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Lender Group hereby agrees to make advances to or on behalf of the Borrower (individually, an Advance and collectively the Advances from time to time on any date (each such date on which an Advance is made, an Advance Date during the period from the Effective Date to the end of the Revolving Period; provided that there shall be no more than two (2) Advance Dates during any calendar week. 
 
 (b) Under no circumstances shall any Lender make an Advance if, after giving effect to such Advance and any purchase of Eligible Collateral Obligations in connection therewith, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Advances would exceed the lowest of (i) the Facility Amount, (ii) the Borrowing Base and (iii) the Maximum Availability. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, during the Revolving Period, the Borrower may borrow, reborrow, repay and prepay (subject to the provisions of Section 2.4 one or more Advances. 
 
 Section 2.2 Funding of Advances . (a) Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 6.2 , the Borrower may request Advances hereunder by giving notice to the Facility Agent, each Agent and the Collateral Agent of the proposed Advance at or prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the proposed Advance Date. Such notice (herein called the Advance Request shall be in the form of Exhibit C-1 and shall include (among other things) the proposed Advance Date and amount of such proposed Advance, and shall, if applicable, be accompanied by an Asset Approval Request setting forth the information required therein with respect to the Collateral Obligations to be acquired by the Borrower on the Advance Date (if applicable). The amount of any Advance shall at least be equal to the least of (x) 500,000, (y) the (1) Borrowing Base on such day minus (2) the Advances outstanding on such day and (z) the (1) Facility Amount on such day minus (2) the Advances outstanding on such day before giving effect to the requested Advance as of such date. Any Advance Request given by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.2 , shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower. The Facility Agent shall have no obligation to lend funds hereunder in its capacity as Facility Agent. Subject to receipt by the Collateral Agent of an Officer s Certificate of the Borrower confirming the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 6.2 , and the Collateral Agent s receipt of such funds from the Lenders, the Collateral Agent shall make the proceeds of such requested Advances 
 
 - 47 - 
 
 available to the Borrower by deposit to such account as may be designated by the Borrower in the Advance Request in same day funds no later than 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on such Advance Date. 
 
 (b) Unfunded Commitment Provisions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, upon the occurrence of the earlier of (i) any acceleration of the maturity of Advances pursuant to Section 13.2 and (ii) the end of the Revolving Period, the Borrower shall request an Advance in the amount of the Aggregate Unfunded Amount minus the amount already on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account. Following receipt of such Advance Request, the Lenders shall fund such requested amount by transferring such amount directly to the Collateral Agent to be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (including, without limitation, the Borrower s failure to satisfy any of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 6.2 ). 
 
 Section 2.3 Notes . The Borrower shall, upon request of any Lender Group, on or after such Lender Group becomes a party hereto (whether on the Effective Date or by assignment or otherwise), execute and deliver a Note evidencing the Advances of such Lender Group. Each such Note shall be payable to the Agent for such Lender Group in a face amount equal to the applicable Lender Group s Commitment as of the Effective Date or the effective date on which such Lender Group becomes a party hereto, as applicable. The Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes each Agent to make (or cause to be made) appropriate notations on the grid attached to the Notes (or on any continuation of such grid, or at the option of such Agent, in its records), which notations, if made, shall evidence, inter alia, the date of the outstanding principal of the Advances evidenced thereby and each payment of principal thereon. Such notations shall be rebuttably presumptive evidence of the subject matter thereof absent manifest error; provided , that the failure to make any such notations shall not limit or otherwise affect any of the Obligations or any payment thereon. 
 
 Section 2.4 Repayment and Prepayments . (a) The Borrower shall repay the Advances outstanding (i) on each Distribution Date to the extent required to be paid hereunder and funds are available therefor pursuant to Section 8.3 and (ii) in full on the Facility Termination Date. 
 
 (b) Prior to the Facility Termination Date, the Borrower may, from time to time, make a voluntary prepayment, in whole or in part, of the outstanding principal amount of any Advance using Principal Collections on deposit in the Principal Collection Account or other funds available to the Borrower on such date; provided , that 
 
 (i) all such voluntary prepayments shall require prior written notice to the Facility Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and each Agent) by 11:00 a.m. two (2) Business Days prior to such voluntary prepayment, which notice (herein called the Prepayment Notice shall be in the form of Exhibit C-4 and shall include (among other things) the proposed date of such prepayment and the amount and allocation of such prepayment; 
 
 (ii) each such voluntary partial prepayment shall be in a minimum amount of 1,000,000; and 
 
 (iii) each prepayment shall be applied on the Business Day received by the Facility Agent if received by 3:00 p.m., New York City time (or, if received after 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the immediately following Business Day), on such day as Amount Available constituting Principal Collections pursuant to Section 8.3(a) as if (x) the date of such prepayment were a Distribution Date and (y) such prepayment occurred during the Collection Accrual Period to which such Distribution Date relates. 

- 48 - 
 
 Each such prepayment shall be subject to the payment of any amounts required by Section 2.5(b) (if any) resulting from a prepayment or payment if, in connection with such prepayment, the Borrower elects to permanently reduce the Facility Amount in accordance with Section 2.5 . 
 
 Section 2.5 Permanent Reduction of Facility Amount . (a) The Borrower may at any time upon five Business Days prior written notice to the Facility Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent), permanently reduce the Facility Amount (i) in whole or in part upon payment in full (in accordance with Section 2.4 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Advances or (ii) in part by any pro rata amount that the Facility Amount exceeds the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Advances (after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment thereof). In connection with any permanent reduction of the Facility Amount under this Section 2.5(a) , the Commitment of each Lender shall automatically, and without any further action by any party, be reduced pro rata with all other Lenders such that the sum of all Commitments will equal the newly reduced Facility Amount. 
 
 (b) As a condition precedent to any permanent reduction of the Facility Amount pursuant to Section 2.5(a) , the Borrower shall pay to the Facility Agent, for the respective accounts of the Lenders, any applicable Prepayment Make-Whole Premium and Prepayment Fee; provided that no such Prepayment Fee shall be due during the continuation of a Non-Approval Event, but only if occurring after the one year anniversary of the Effective Date. 
 
 Section 2.6 Extension of Revolving Period . The Borrower may, at any time after the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Effective Date and prior to the date that is 30 Business Days prior to the last date of the Revolving Period, deliver a written notice to the Facility Agent requesting an extension of the Revolving Period. In the respective sole discretion of each Agent, the Revolving Period shall be extended to a date mutually agreed upon by the Borrower and the Agents and in accordance with the other terms and conditions as may be agreed to from time-to-time by the Borrower and the Facility Agent. 
 
 Section 2.7 Calculation of Discount Factor . 
 
 (a) In connection with the purchase of each Collateral Obligation and prior to such Collateral Obligation being purchased by the Borrower and included in the Collateral, the Facility Agent will assign (in its sole discretion) a Discount Factor for such Collateral Obligation, which Discount Factor shall remain effective for such Collateral Obligation except as provided in clause (b) below. 
 
 (b) If a Revaluation Event occurs with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the Discount Factor of such Collateral Obligation may be amended by the Facility Agent, in its sole discretion. The Facility Agent will provide written notice of the revised Discount Factor to the Borrower and the Servicer (who shall forward to the Collateral Agent). To the extent the Servicer has actual knowledge or has received notice of any Revaluation Event with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the Servicer shall give prompt notice thereof to the Facility Agent with a copy to the Collateral Agent (but, in any event, not later than two Business Days after it receives notice or gains actual knowledge thereof). 
 
 (c) If the circumstances giving rise to any Revaluation Event with regard to any Collateral Obligation cease to be applicable, the Servicer may provide written notice of such changed circumstance to the Facility Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent), and if no Revaluation Event shall then be continuing for such Collateral Obligation, the Facility Agent may assign a new Discount Factor for such Collateral Obligation in its sole discretion as set forth in clause (a) above. 
 
 Section 2.8 Increase in Facility Amount . The Borrower may from time to time, with the prior written consent of the Facility Agent (which consent may be conditioned on one or more conditions precedent in its sole 
 
 - 49 - 
 
 discretion), (i) increase the aggregate Commitment of the existing Lender Groups (pro rata) by an additional 400,000,000, (ii) add additional Lender Groups and/or (iii) increase the Commitment of any Lender Group, in each case which shall increase the Facility Amount by the amount of the Commitment of each such existing or additional Lender Group. 
 
 Section 2.9 Defaulting Lenders . 
 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law: 
 
 (i) such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders; 
 
 (ii) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received 
 
 by the Collateral Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, or otherwise), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Facility Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Facility Agent hereunder; second, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default exists (except to the extent caused by such Defaulting Lender, as determined by the Facility Agent in its sole discretion)), to the funding of any Advance in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Facility Agent; third, if so determined by the Facility Agent or the Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund future Advances under this Agreement; fourth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the other Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fifth, so long as no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default exists (except to the extent caused by such Defaulting Lender, as determined by the Facility Agent in its sole discretion), to the payment of any amounts owing to Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and sixth, to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided , that if such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Advances in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Advances of all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Advances of such Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.9 shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto; and 
 
 (iii) for any period during which such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive any Undrawn Fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and under no circumstance shall Borrower retroactively be or become required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to such Defaulting Lender). 
 
 (b) If the Facility Agent and the Borrower determine in their sole discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Facility Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any cash collateral), such Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of Advances outstanding of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Facility Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Advances to be held on a pro rata basis by the 
 
 - 50 - 
 
 Lenders, whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided , that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 

ARTICLE III 
 
 YIELD, UNDRAWN FEE, ETC. 
 
 Section 3.1 Yield and Undrawn Fee . (a) The Borrower hereby promises to pay, on the dates specified in Section 3.2 , Yield on the outstanding amount of each Advance (or each portion thereof) for the period commencing on the applicable Advance Date until such Advance is paid in full. No provision of this Agreement or the Notes shall require the payment or permit the collection of Yield in excess of the maximum amount permitted by Applicable Law. 
 
 (b) The Borrower shall pay the Undrawn Fee on the dates specified in Section 3.2 . 
 
 Section 3.2 Yield and Undrawn Fee Distribution Dates . Yield accrued on each Advance (including any previously accrued and unpaid Yield) and the Undrawn Fee (as applicable) shall be payable, without duplication: 
 
 (a) on the Facility Termination Date; 
 
 (b) on the date of any payment or prepayment, in whole or in part, of principal outstanding on such Advance; and 
 
 (c) on each Distribution Date. 
 
 Section 3.3 Yield Calculation . The Advances shall bear interest on each day during each Accrual Period at a rate per annum equal to the product of (a) the Interest Rate for such Accrual Period multiplied by (b) the greater of (without duplication) (i) the outstanding amount of the Advances on such day and (ii) the minimum utilization (as set forth in the applicable Fee Letter) in effect on such day. All Yield shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring during the period for which such Yield is payable over a year comprised of 360 days. 
 
 Section 3.4 Computation of Yield, Fees, Etc. Each Agent (on behalf of its respective Lender Group) and the Facility Agent shall determine the applicable Yield and all Fees to be paid by the Borrower on each Distribution Date for the related Accrual Period and shall advise the Collateral Agent thereof in writing no later than seventh (7th) Business Day prior to such Distribution Date. Such reporting may also include an accounting of any amounts due and payable pursuant to Sections 4.3 and 5.1 . 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 PAYMENTS; TAXES 
 
 Section 4.1 Making of Payments . Subject to, and in accordance with, the provisions hereof and Section 2.4 or Section 8.3(a) , as applicable, all payments of principal of or Yield on the Advances and other amounts due to the Lenders shall be made pursuant to Section 8.3(a) no later than 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the day when due in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds. Payments received 
 
 - 51 - 
 
 by any Lender or Agent after 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on any day will be deemed to have been received by such Lender or Agent on the next following Business Day. The respective Agent for each Lender Group shall allocate to the Lenders in its Lender Group each payment in respect of the Advances received by the respective Agent as provided by Section 8.3(a) or Section 2.4 , as applicable. Payments in reduction of the principal amount of the Advances shall be allocated and applied to Lenders pro rata based on their respective portions of such Advances, or in any such case in such other proportions as each affected Lender may agree upon in writing from time to time with such Agent and the Borrower. Payments of Yield and Undrawn Fee shall be allocated and applied to Lenders pro rata based upon the respective amounts of such Yield and Undrawn Fee due and payable to them. 
 
 Section 4.2 Due Date Extension . If any payment of principal or Yield with respect to any Advance falls due on a day which is not a Business Day, then such due date shall be extended to the next following Business Day, and additional Yield shall accrue and be payable for the period of such extension at the rate applicable to such Advance. 
 
 Section 4.3 Taxes. (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Transaction Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Official Body in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 4.3 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Official Body in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of the Facility Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 
 (c) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 4.3 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Official Body. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability, setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of such amount, delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Facility Agent and the Collateral Agent), or by the Facility Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 
 (d) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Facility Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Facility Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 15.9 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Facility Agent in connection with any Transaction Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Official Body. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Facility Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Facility Agent to set off and apply any 
 
 - 52 - 
 
 and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Transaction Document or otherwise payable by the Facility Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Facility Agent under this Section 4.3(d) . 
 
 (e) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to an Official Body pursuant to this Section 4.3 , the Borrower (or the Collateral Agent with respect to the payment of any Taxes pursuant to Section 8.3) shall deliver to the Facility Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Official Body evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent. 
 
 (f) Status of Lenders . 
 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Transaction Document shall deliver to the Borrower, the Facility Agent and the Collateral Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower, the Facility Agent or the Collateral Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Facility Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Facility Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower, the Facility Agent or the Collateral Agent as will enable the Borrower, the Facility Agent or the Collateral Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 4.3(f)(ii)(A), Section 4.3(f)(ii)(B) and Section 4.3(f)(ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 
 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Facility Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Facility Agent) executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 
 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Facility Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Facility Agent) whichever of the following is applicable: 
 
 (I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Transaction Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Transaction Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

- 53 - 
 
 (II) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
 
 (III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable; or 
 
 (IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G- 2 or Exhibit G-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Facility Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Facility Agent) executed copies of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Facility Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Transaction Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Facility Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Facility Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Facility Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Facility Agent to (x) comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or (y) determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Facility Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 
 (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes, including by way of any election by such party to receive a Tax credit in lieu of a refund, as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 4.3 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 4.3 ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 4.3 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such 
 
 - 54 - 
 
 indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Official Body with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this Section 4.3(g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Official Body) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Official Body. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.3(g) , in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 4.3(g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This Section 4.3(g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 
 (h) Survival. Each party s obligations under this Section 4.3 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Facility Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Transaction Document. 
 
 (i) Defined Terms. For purposes of this Section 4.3 , the term Applicable Law includes FATCA. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 INCREASED COSTS, ETC. 
 
 Section 5.1 Increased Costs, Capital Adequacy . (a) If, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change following the date hereof (including, without limitation, any change by way of imposition or increase of reserve requirements) in or in the interpretation, administration or application arising following the date hereof of any Applicable Law, in each case whether foreign or domestic or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request following the date hereof from any central bank or other Official Body (whether or not having the force of law), (A) there shall be any increase in the cost (other than Taxes) to the Facility Agent, any Agent, any Lender, or any successor or assign thereof (each of which shall be an Affected Person of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining any Advance (or any reduction of the amount of any payment (whether of principal, interest, fee, compensation or otherwise) to any Affected Person hereunder), as the case may be, (B) there shall be any reduction in the amount of any sum received or receivable by an Affected Person under this Agreement or under any other Transaction Document (other than as a result of Taxes), or (C) any Recipient is subject to any Taxes (other than (x) Indemnified Taxes, (y) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (z) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto, then, in each case, the Borrower shall, from time to time, after written demand by the Facility Agent (which demand shall be accompanied by a statement setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for such demand), on behalf of such Affected Person, pay to the Facility Agent, on behalf of such Affected Person, additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Affected Person for such increased costs or reduced payments within thirty (30) days after such demand. 
 
 (b) If either (i) the introduction of or any change following the date hereof in or in the interpretation, administration or application arising following the date hereof of any law, guideline, rule or regulation, directive or request or (ii) the compliance by any Affected Person with any law, guideline, rule, regulation, directive or request following the date hereof, from any central bank, any Official Body or agency, including, without limitation, compliance by an Affected Person with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy or liquidity, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on the capital of any Affected Person, as a consequence of its obligations hereunder or any related document or arising in connection herewith or therewith to a level below that which any such Affected Person could have achieved but for such 
 
 - 55 - 
 
 introduction, change or compliance (taking into consideration the policies of such Affected Person with respect to capital adequacy), by an amount deemed by such Affected Person to be material, then, from time to time but subject to Section 8.3 , after demand by such Affected Person (which demand shall be accompanied by a statement setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for such demand), the Borrower shall pay the Facility Agent on behalf of such Affected Person such additional amounts as will compensate such Affected Person for such reduction but only to the extent there are amounts available therefore on any given day pursuant to Section 8.3(a) . 
 
 (c) If an Affected Person shall at any time (without regard to whether any Basel III Regulations are then in effect) suffer or incur (i) any explicit or implicit charge, assessment, cost or expense by reason of the amount or type of assets, capital or supply of funding such Affected Person or any of its Affiliates is required or expected to maintain in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, without regard to (A) whether such charge, assessment, cost or expense is imposed or recognized internally, externally or inter-company or (B) whether it is determined in reference to a reduction in the rate of return on such Affected Person s or Affiliate s assets or capital, an inherent cost of the establishment or maintenance of a reserve of stable funding, a reduction in the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Affected Person or its Affiliates or otherwise, or (ii) any other imputed cost or expense arising by reason of the actual or anticipated compliance by such Affected Person or any of its Affiliates with the Basel III Regulations, then, upon demand by or on behalf of such Affected Person through the Facility Agent, the Borrower shall pay to the Facility Agent, for the benefit of such Affected Person, such amount as will, in the determination of such Affected Person, compensate such Affected Person therefor but only to the extent there are amounts available therefor on any given day pursuant to Section 8.3(a) . A certificate of the applicable Affected Person setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate the Affected Person under this Section 5.1(c) shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 
 (d) In determining any amount provided for in this Section 5.1 , the Affected Person may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. The Facility Agent, on behalf of any Affected Person making a claim under this Section 5.1 , shall submit to the Borrower a certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for and the computations of such additional or increased costs, which certificate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 
 EFFECTIVENESS; CONDITIONS TO ADVANCES 
 
 Section 6.1 Effectiveness . This Agreement shall become effective on the first day (the Effective Date on which the Facility Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, shall have received the following, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent: 
 
 (a) Transaction Documents . This Agreement and each other Transaction Document, in each case duly executed by each party thereto; 
 
 (b) Notes . For each Lender Group that has requested the same, a Note duly completed and executed by the Borrower and payable to the Agent for such Lender Group; 
 
 (c) Establishment of Accounts . Evidence that each Account has been established; 
 
 (d) Resolutions . Certified copies of the resolutions of the managing member, board of managers (or similar items), as applicable, of the Borrower, the Equityholder and the Servicer approving the Transaction Documents to be delivered by it hereunder and the transactions contemplated hereby, certified by its secretary or assistant secretary or other authorized officer; 
 
 - 56 - 

(e) Organizational Documents . The certificate of formation (or similar organizational document) of each of the Borrower, the Equityholder and the Servicer certified by the Secretary of State of its jurisdiction of organization; and a certified, executed copy of the Borrower s, the Equityholder s and the Servicer s organizational documents; 
 
 (f) Good Standing Certificates . Good standing certificates for each of the Borrower, the Equityholder and the Servicer issued by the applicable Official Body of its jurisdiction of organization; 
 
 (g) Incumbency . A certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary of each of the Borrower, the Equityholder and the Servicer certifying the names and true signatures of the officers authorized on its behalf to sign this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to be delivered by it; 
 
 (h) Filings . Copies of proper financing statements, as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Facility Agent, desirable under the UCC of all appropriate jurisdictions or any comparable law to perfect the security interest of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in all Collateral in which an interest may be pledged hereunder; 
 
 (i) Opinions . Legal opinions of Eversheds Sutherland (US) LLP, counsel for the Borrower, the Equityholder and the Servicer, Eversheds Sutherland (US) LLP, Maryland counsel to the Equityholder, and Nixon Peabody LLP, counsel for the Collateral Agent, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent covering such matters as the Facility Agent may reasonably request; 
 
 (j) No Event of Default, etc. Each of the Transaction Documents is in full force and effect and no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from the issuance of the Notes and the borrowing hereunder; 
 
 (k) Liens . The Facility Agent shall have received (i) the results of a recent search by a Person satisfactory to the Facility Agent, of the UCC, judgment, security interest and tax lien filings which may have been filed with respect to personal property of the Borrower, and bankruptcy and pending lawsuits with respect to the Borrower and the results of such search shall be satisfactory to the Facility Agent and (ii) filed UCC termination statements, if any, necessary to release all security interests and other rights of any Person in any Collateral previously granted by the Borrower and any executed pay-off letters reasonably requested by the Facility Agent; 
 
 (l) Payment of Fees . The Facility Agent shall have received evidence, to its sole satisfaction, that all Fees due to the Lenders on the Effective Date have been paid in full; 
 
 (m) No Material Adverse Effect . No Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred since the formation date of the Equityholder and no litigation shall have commenced which, if successful, could have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 
 (n) [ Reserved ]. 
 
 (o) [ Reserved ]. 
 
 (p) Compliance . The Facility Agent and the Lenders shall have received sufficiently in advance of the Effective Date, all documents and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the 
 
 - 57 - 
 
 Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56; 
 
 (q) Equity Contribution . The Facility Agent shall have received satisfactory evidence that the Equityholder has contributed Eligible Collateral Obligations with an aggregate Collateral Obligation Amount minus the amount of each Collateral Obligation included in the Excess Concentration Amount) and/or cash credited to the Principal Collection Account in an aggregate amount of at least 50,000,000; and 
 
 (r) Beneficial Ownership Certification . The Facility Agent shall have received the Beneficial Ownership Certification in respect of the Borrower. 
 
 (s) Other . Such other approvals, documents, opinions, certificates and reports as the Facility Agent may reasonably request. 
 
 Section 6.2 Advances and Reinvestments . The making of any Advance (including the initial Advance hereunder) and any Reinvestment are all subject to the condition that the Effective Date shall have occurred and to the following further conditions precedent that: 
 
 (a) No Event of Default, Etc. Each of the Transaction Documents shall be in full force and effect (unless terminated in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents) and (i) no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or will result from the making of such Advance or Reinvestment (other than in connection with an Advance made pursuant to Section 2.2(b) ), (ii) no Servicer Default or Unmatured Servicer Default shall have occurred and be continuing or will result from the making of such Advance or Reinvestment (other than in connection with an Advance made pursuant to Section 2.2(b) ), (iii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Servicer contained herein and in the other Transaction Documents shall be true and correct in all respects as of the related Funding Date (or if such representation and warranty specifically refers to an earlier date, such earlier date), with the same effect as though made on the date of (and after giving effect to) such Advance or Reinvestment (or, if applicable, such earlier specified date), and (iv) after giving effect to such Advance or Reinvestment (and any purchase of Eligible Collateral Obligations in connection therewith), the aggregate principal amount of all Advances outstanding will not exceed the Borrowing Base, the Maximum Availability or the Facility Amount; 
 
 (b) Requests . (i) In connection with the funding of any Advance pursuant to Section 2.2(a) , the Collateral Agent, each Agent and the Facility Agent shall have received the Advance Request for such Advance in accordance with Section 2.2(a) , together with all items required to be delivered in connection therewith and (ii) in connection with any Reinvestment, the Collateral Agent, each Agent and the Facility Agent shall have received the Reinvestment Request for such Reinvestment in accordance with Section 8.3(b) , together with all items required to be delivered in connection therewith; 
 
 (c) Revolving Period . The Revolving Period shall not have ended; 
 
 (d) Document Checklist . The Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian and each Agent shall have received a Document Checklist for each Eligible Collateral Obligation to be added to the Collateral on the related Funding Date; 
 
 (e) Borrowing Base Confirmation . The Collateral Agent and the Facility Agent shall have received an Officer s Certificate of the Borrower or the Servicer (which may be included as part of the Advance Request or Reinvestment Request) computed as of the date of such request and after giving effect thereto and to the purchase by the Borrower of the Collateral Obligations to be purchased by it on such date (if any), demonstrating that the aggregate principal amount of all Advances outstanding shall not exceed the Borrowing 
 
 - 58 - 
 
 Base, the Maximum Availability or the Facility Amount, calculated as of the Funding Date as if the Collateral Obligations purchased by the Borrower on such Funding Date were owned by the Borrower; 
 
 (f) Collateral Quality Tests, Minimum Equity Test . The Collateral Agent and the Facility Agent shall have received an Officer s Certificate (which may be included as part of the Advance Request or Reinvestment Request) computed as of the proposed Funding Date and after giving effect thereto and to the purchase by the Borrower of the Collateral Obligations to be purchased by it on such Funding Date, demonstrating that all of the Collateral Quality Tests and the Minimum Equity Test are satisfied; 
 
 (g) Hedging Agreements . The Facility Agent shall have received evidence, in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders, that the Borrower has entered into Hedging Agreements to the extent required by, and satisfying the requirements of, Section 10.6 ; 
 
 (h) Facility Agent Approval . In connection with the acquisition of any Collateral Obligation by the Borrower or the incremental pledge of any Collateral Obligation owned by the Borrower, (1) the Borrower shall have received an Asset Approval Notice with respect to such Collateral Obligation from the Facility Agent and (2) the Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) shall have given electronic notice back to the Facility Agent that it acknowledges and agrees to the terms set forth in the related Asset Approval Notice; 
 
 (i) Permitted Use . The proceeds of any Advance or Reinvestment will be used solely by the Borrower (A) to acquire Collateral Obligations as identified on the applicable Asset Approval Request, (B) to satisfy any unfunded commitments in connection with any Variable Funding Asset or (C) to make a distribution pursuant to Section 10.16; 
 
 (j) Appraised Value . In connection with the acquisition of each Asset Based Loan and within the time periods set forth below, the Borrower or the Servicer (on behalf of the Borrower) shall have retained or shall have caused the Obligor to retain an Approved Valuation Firm to calculate the Appraised Value of (A) with respect to any such Collateral Obligation that has intellectual property, equipment or real property, as the case may be, in its borrowing base, the collateral securing such Collateral Obligation within twelve (12) months prior to the acquisition of such Collateral Obligation and inclusion into the Collateral and (B) with respect to all other Asset Based Loans, the collateral securing such Collateral Obligation within six (6) months prior to the acquisition of such Collateral Obligation and inclusion into the Collateral. The Servicer shall report the Approved Valuation Firm, appraisal metric and Appraised Value for such Collateral Obligation to the Facility Agent in the Advance Request or the Reinvestment Request related to such Collateral Obligation. The requirements of this Section 6.2(j) shall be modified with respect to any Collateral Obligation to the extent set forth on the related Asset Approval Request and confirmed in the related Asset Approval Notice; 
 
 (k) Borrower s Certification . The Borrower shall have delivered to the Collateral Agent and the Facility Agent an Officer s Certificate (which may be included as part of the Advance Request or Reinvestment Request) dated the date of such requested Advance or Reinvestment certifying that the conditions described in Sections 6.2(a) through (j) have been satisfied; 
 
 (l) Borrowing Base Model . The Borrower or the Servicer have delivered an Excel Borrowing Base model to the Facility Agent in connection with such Advance Request; and 
 
 (m) Asset Coverage Ratio . The Servicer s Asset Coverage Ratio shall not be less than 150 in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act; provided that if there is any subsequent change to the asset coverage requirements for any business development company under the 1940 Act, the Servicer s Asset Coverage Ratio shall not be less than the greater of (x) 150 and (y) the amount so required under the 1940 Act after such change. 
 
 - 59 - 

(n) Other . The Facility Agent shall have received such other approvals, documents, opinions, certificates and reports as it may request, which request is reasonable as to scope, content and timing. 
 
 Section 6.3 Transfer of Collateral Obligations and Permitted Investments . (a) The Collateral Agent shall hold all Certificated Securities (whether Collateral Obligations or Permitted Investments) and Instruments received by it in physical form at 1555 N. Rivercenter Drive, Milwaukee, WI 53212. 
 
 (b) On the Effective Date (with respect to each Collateral Obligation and Permitted Investment owned by the Borrower on such date) and each time that the Borrower or the Servicer shall direct or cause the acquisition of any Collateral Obligation or Permitted Investment, the Borrower or the Servicer shall, if such Permitted Investment or, in the case of a Collateral Obligation, the related promissory note or assignment documentation has not already been delivered to the Collateral Custodian in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 18.3(a), cause the delivery of such Permitted Investment or, in the case of a Collateral Obligation, the related promissory note or assignment documentation in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 18.3(a) to the Collateral Custodian to be credited by the Collateral Custodian to the Collection Account in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 (c) The Borrower or the Servicer shall cause all Collateral Obligations or Permitted Investments acquired by the Borrower to be transferred to the Collateral Custodian for credit by it to the Collection Account, and shall cause all Collateral Obligations and Permitted Investments acquired by the Borrower to be delivered to the Collateral Custodian by one of the following means (and shall take any and all other actions necessary to create and perfect in favor of the Collateral Agent a valid security interest in each Collateral Obligation and Permitted Investment (in each case, whether now existing or hereafter acquired), which security interest shall be senior (subject to Permitted Liens) to that of any other creditor of the Borrower): 
 
 (i) in the case of an Instrument or a Certificated Security in registered form by having it Indorsed to the Collateral Agent or in blank by an effective Indorsement or registered in the name of the Collateral Agent and by (A) delivering such Instrument or Certificated Security to the Collateral Agent at 1555 N. Rivercenter Drive, Milwaukee, WI 53212 and (B) causing the Collateral Agent to maintain continuous possession of such Instrument or Certificated Security at 1555 N. Rivercenter Drive, Milwaukee, WI 53212; 
 
 (ii) in the case of an Uncertificated Security, by (A) causing the Collateral Agent to become the registered owner of such Uncertificated Security and (B) causing such registration to remain effective; 
 
 (iii) in the case of any Security Entitlement, by causing each such Security Entitlement to be credited to an Account in the name of the Securities Intermediary; 
 
 (iv) in the case of General Intangibles (including any Collateral Obligation or Permitted Investment not evidenced by an Instrument) by filing, maintaining and continuing the effectiveness of, a financing statement naming the Borrower as debtor and the Collateral Agent as secured party and describing the Collateral Obligation or Permitted Investment (or a description of all assets of the Borrower) as the collateral at the filing office of the Secretary of State of Delaware; and 
 
 (v) in the case of the Collateral Obligation Files, by delivering each to the Collateral Custodian (on behalf of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in accordance with the terms of Section 18.3 . 
 
 ARTICLE VII 

- 60 - 
 
 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF COLLATERAL OBLIGATIONS 
 
 Section 7.1 Retention and Termination of the Servicer . The servicing, administering and collection of the Collateral Obligations shall be conducted by the Person designated as Servicer from time to time in accordance with this Section 7.1 . Subject to early termination due to the occurrence of a Servicer Default or as otherwise provided below in this Article VII, the Borrower hereby designates the Equityholder, and the Equityholder hereby agrees to serve, as Servicer until the termination of this Agreement. The Servicer is not an agent of the Facility Agent, any Agent or any Lender. 
 
 Section 7.2 Resignation and Removal of the Servicer; Appointment of Successor Servicer . (a) If a Servicer Default shall occur and be continuing, the Facility Agent by written notice given to the Servicer, may terminate all of the rights and obligations of the Servicer and appoint a successor pursuant to the terms hereof. In addition, if the Servicer is terminated upon the occurrence of a Servicer Default, the Servicer shall, if so requested by the Facility Agent, acting at the direction of the Required Lenders, deliver to any successor servicer copies of its Records within seven (7) Business Days after demand therefor and a computer tape or diskette (or any other means of electronic transmission acceptable to such successor servicer) containing as of the close of business on the date of demand all of the data maintained by the Servicer in computer format in connection with servicing the Collateral Obligations. 
 
 (b) The Servicer shall not resign from the obligations and duties imposed on it by this Agreement as Servicer. 
 
 (c) Any Person (i) into which the Servicer may be merged or consolidated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (ii) resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Servicer shall be a party, (iii) acquiring by conveyance, transfer or lease substantially all of the assets of the Servicer, or (iv) succeeding to the business of the Servicer in any of the foregoing cases, shall execute an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of the Servicer under this Agreement and, whether or not such assumption agreement is executed, shall be the successor to the Servicer under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement, anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding. 
 
 (d) Subject to the last sentence of this Section 7.2(d) , until a successor Servicer has commenced servicing activities in the place of MSD Investment Corp., MSD Investment Corp. shall continue to perform the obligations of the Servicer hereunder. On and after the termination of the Servicer pursuant to this Section 7.2 , the successor servicer appointed by the Facility Agent shall be the successor in all respects to the Servicer in its capacity as Servicer under this Agreement and the transactions set forth or provided for in this Agreement and shall be subject to all the rights, responsibilities, restrictions, duties, liabilities and termination provisions relating thereto placed on the Servicer by the terms and provisions of this Agreement. The Servicer agrees to cooperate and use reasonable efforts in effecting the transition of the responsibilities and rights of servicing of the Collateral Obligations, including the transfer to any successor servicer for the administration by it of all cash amounts that shall at the time be held by the Servicer for deposit, or have been deposited by the Servicer, or thereafter received with respect to the Collateral Obligations and the delivery to any successor servicer in an orderly and timely fashion of all files and records in its possession or reasonably obtainable by it with respect to the Collateral Obligations containing all information necessary to enable the successor servicer to service the Collateral Obligations. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary and to the extent permitted by Applicable Law without causing the Servicer to have liability, the termination of the Servicer shall not become effective until an entity acceptable to the Facility Agent in its sole discretion shall have assumed the responsibilities and obligations of the Servicer. 

- 61 - 
 
 (e) At any time, the Facility Agent or any Lender may irrevocably waive any rights granted to such party under Section 7.2(a) . Any such waiver shall be in writing and executed by such party that is waiving its rights hereunder. A copy of such waiver shall be promptly delivered by the waiving party to the Servicer and the Facility Agent. 
 
 Section 7.3 Duties of the Servicer . The Servicer shall manage, service, administer and make collections on the Collateral Obligations and perform the other actions required to be taken by the Servicer in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the Servicing Standard. 
 
 (a) The Servicer shall take or cause to be taken all such actions, as may be reasonably necessary or advisable to attempt to recover Collections from time to time, all in accordance with (i) Applicable Law, (ii) the applicable Collateral Obligation and its Underlying Instruments, (iii) the Credit and Collection Policy and (iv) the Servicing Standard. The Borrower hereby appoints the Servicer, from time to time designated pursuant to Section 7.1 , as agent for itself and in its name to enforce and administer its rights and interests in the Collections and the related Collateral Obligations. 
 
 (b) The Servicer shall administer the Collections in accordance with the procedures described herein. The Servicer shall (i) instruct each Obligor or, in the case of any agented Collateral Obligation, the applicable administrative agent, collateral agent, or equivalent Person to deposit Collections directly into the Collection Account, (ii) deposit all Collections received directly by it into the Collection Account within two (2) Business Days of receipt thereof, (iii) cause the Equityholder and each administrative agent that is Affiliated with it to deposit all Collections received directly by the Equityholder or Affiliate into the Collection Account within two (2) Business Days of receipt thereof and (iv) with respect to MSD Agented Loans only, transfer, or cause to be transferred, all Collections on deposit in each Agent Account to the Collection Account within two (2) Business Days following the date such Collections are received in such Agent Account. The Servicer shall identify all Collections as either Principal Collections or Interest Collections, as applicable. The Servicer shall make such deposits or payments by electronic funds transfer through the Automated Clearing House system, or by wire transfer. The Servicer may, on any Determination Date, instruct the Collateral Agent to convert funds on deposit in the Collection Account into any Eligible Currency using the Applicable Conversion Rate if, after giving effect to such exchange, (i) the Borrower is in compliance with the Borrowing Base and (ii) the Borrower will have sufficient amounts in the Eligible Currency being converted to pay all amounts pursuant to Sections 8.3(a)(i)(A)-(L) and 8.3(a)(ii)(A)-(G) (calculated on a pro forma basis) in such Eligible Currency on the immediately following Distribution Date, as applicable. 
 
 (c) The Servicer shall maintain for the Borrower and the Secured Parties in accordance with their respective interests all Records that evidence or relate to the Collections not previously delivered to the Collateral Agent and shall, as soon as reasonably practicable upon demand of the Facility Agent, make available, or, upon the Facility Agent s demand following the occurrence and during the continuation of a Servicer Default, deliver to the Facility Agent copies of all Records in its possession which evidence or relate to the Collections. 
 
 (d) The Servicer shall, as soon as practicable following receipt thereof, turn over to the applicable Person any cash collections or other cash proceeds received with respect to each Collateral Obligation that do not constitute Collections or were paid in connection with a Retained Interest. 
 
 (e) On each Measurement Date, (i) the Servicer (on behalf of the Borrower) shall re-determine the status of each Eligible Collateral Obligation as of such date and provide notice of any change in the status of any Eligible Collateral Obligation to the Collateral Agent and, as a consequence thereof, (x) Collateral Obligations that were previously Eligible Collateral Obligations on a prior Measurement Date may be excluded from the Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Amount on such Measurement Date and (y) Collateral 
 
 - 62 - 
 
 Obligations that were previously not Eligible Collateral Obligations on a prior Measurement Date may (with the consent of the Facility Agent following receipt and review of a new Asset Approval Request) be included in the Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Amount on such Measurement Date and (ii) the Servicer shall provide to the Facility Agent the updated Borrowing Base model in the form agreed pursuant to Section 6.2(l) . 
 
 (f) The Servicer may, with the prior written consent of the Facility Agent, execute any of its duties under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by or through its subsidiaries, affiliates, agents or attorneys in fact; provided that, it shall remain liable for all such duties as if it performed such duties itself. 
 
 Section 7.4 Representations and Warranties of the Servicer . The Servicer represents, warrants and covenants as of the Effective Date, each Funding Date and each other Measurement Date as to itself: 
 
 (a) Organization and Good Standing . It has been duly organized and is validly existing as a limited liability company or corporation, as applicable, in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization or incorporation, as applicable, with power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is currently conducted; 
 
 (b) Due Qualification . It is duly qualified to do business as a limited liability company or corporation, as applicable, in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions where the failure to do so would have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 
 (c) Power and Authority . It has the power, authority and legal right to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (in any capacity) and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (in any capacity) have been duly authorized by the Servicer by all necessary limited liability company action or corporate action, as applicable; 
 
 (d) Binding Obligations . This Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (in any capacity) have been duly executed and delivered by the Servicer and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by each other party hereto and thereto, constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (A) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, (B) equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law and (C) implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing; 
 
 (e) No Violation . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (in any capacity), the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby and the fulfillment of the terms thereof do not (A) conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, its organizational documents, or any material indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it or its properties are bound, (B) result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such material indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument (except as may be created pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document), or (C) violate in any material respect any Applicable Law except, in the case of this subclause (C), to the extent that such conflict or violation would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

- 63 - 
 
 (f) No Proceedings . There are no proceedings or investigations pending or, to the best of the Servicer s knowledge, threatened against it, before any Official Body having jurisdiction over it or its properties (A) asserting the invalidity of any of the Transaction Documents, (B) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or (C) seeking any determination or ruling that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 
 (g) No Consents . No consent, license, approval, authorization or order of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any Official Body having jurisdiction over it or any of its properties is required to be made in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (in any capacity) or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, in each case other than (A) consents, licenses, approvals, authorizations, orders, registrations, declarations or filings which have been obtained or made and continuation statements and renewals in respect thereof and (B) where the lack of such consents, licenses, approvals, authorizations, orders, registrations, declarations or filings would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 
 (h) Investment Company Status . It is not required to be registered as an investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act or is exempt from all provisions of the 1940 Act; 
 
 (i) Information True and Correct . All information (other than projections, forward-looking information or information relating to third parties that are not Affiliates of the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer) heretofore or hereafter furnished by or on behalf of the Servicer in writing to any Lender, the Collateral Agent or the Facility Agent in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, prior to the Effective Date but after taking into account all updates, modifications and supplements to such information) is and will be (when taken as a whole) true and correct in all material respects (or, if not prepared by or under the direction of the Servicer, true and correct in all material respects to the knowledge of the Servicer) and does not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (when taken as a whole) not misleading (or, if not prepared by or under the direction of the Servicer, does not omit to state such a fact to the knowledge of the Servicer); 

- 64 - 
 
 (j) Financial Statements . Beginning with the first fiscal quarter after the Effective Date, the Servicer has delivered to each Lender complete and correct copies of (A) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Servicer for the fiscal year most recently ended, and (B) the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Servicer for the fiscal quarter most recently ended, in each case when required to be delivered under Section 7.5(k) . Such financial statements (including the related notes) fairly present the financial condition of the Servicer as of the respective dates thereof and the results of operations for the periods covered thereby, each in accordance with GAAP. There has been no material adverse change in the business, operations, financial condition, properties or assets of the Servicer since the most recent Determination Date with respect to the most recently delivered financial statements under this clause (j) ; 
 
 (k) Eligibility of Collateral Obligations . All Collateral Obligations included as Eligible Collateral Obligations in the most recent calculation of any Borrowing Base required to be determined hereunder were Eligible Collateral Obligations as of the date of such calculation; 
 
 (l) Collections . The Servicer acknowledges that all Collections received by it or its Affiliates (other than any Excluded Amount) are held and shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties until deposited into the Collection Account; 
 
 (m) [ Reserved ]; 
 
 (n) Solvency . The Servicer is not the subject of any Insolvency Event. The transactions under this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which the Servicer is a party do not and will not render the Servicer not solvent; 
 
 (o) Exchange Act Compliance; Regulations T, U and X . None of the transactions contemplated herein or the other Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, the use of the Proceeds from the pledge of the Collateral) will violate or result in a violation of Section 7 of the Exchange Act, or any regulations issued pursuant thereto, including, without limitation, Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 12 C.F.R., Chapter II; 
 
 (p) No Injunctions . No injunction, writ, restraining order or other order of any nature materially adversely affects the Servicer s performance of its obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which the Servicer is a party; 
 
 (q) Indebtedness . As of the Effective Date, the Equityholder has no outstanding Indebtedness other than in the form of a capital call line not to exceed 200,000,000.00 (the Capital Call Line secured primarily by uncalled capital commitments of the underlying investors of the Equityholder and related assets; 
 
 (r) Allocation of Charges . There is not any agreement or understanding between the Servicer and the Borrower (other than as expressly set forth herein or as consented to by the Facility Agent), providing for the allocation or sharing of obligations to make payments or otherwise in respect of any Taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges; and 
 
 (s) Selection Procedures . In selecting the Collateral Obligations hereunder and for Affiliates of the Borrower, no selection procedures were employed which are intended to be adverse to the interests of any Agent or Lender. 

- 65 - 
 
 Section 7.5 Covenants of the Servicer and Equityholder . Until the date on or after the Facility Termination Date on which the Commitments have been terminated in full and the Obligations (other than contingent Obligations for which no claim has been made) shall have been repaid in full: 
 
 (a) Compliance with Agreements and Applicable Laws . The Servicer shall perform each of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and comply with all Applicable Laws, including those applicable to the Collateral Obligations and all Collections thereof, except to the extent that the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (b) Maintenance of Existence and Conduct of Business . The Servicer shall: (i) do or cause to be done all things necessary to (A) preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence as a limited liability company or corporation, as applicable, and its rights and franchises in the jurisdiction of its formation or incorporation, as applicable and (B) qualify and remain qualified as a foreign limited liability company or corporation, as applicable, in good standing and preserve its rights and franchises in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify and remain qualified and preserve its rights and franchises would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) continue to conduct its business substantially as now conducted or as otherwise permitted hereunder or under its organizational documents; and (iii) at all times maintain, preserve and protect all of its licenses, permits, charters and registrations except where the failure to maintain, preserve and protect such licenses, permits, charters and registrations would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (c) Books and Records . The Servicer shall keep proper books of record and account in which full and correct entries shall be made of all financial transactions and the assets and business of the Servicer in accordance with GAAP, maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures, and keep and maintain all documents, books, records and other information necessary or reasonably advisable for the collection of all Collateral Obligations. 
 
 (d) Payment, Performance and Discharge of Obligations . The Servicer shall pay, perform and discharge or cause to be paid, performed and discharged promptly all Charges payable by it except where the failure to so pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy such obligation would not, individually or in the aggregate, be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (e) ERISA . The Servicer shall give the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (f) Compliance with Collateral Obligations and Servicing Standard . The Servicer shall, at its expense, timely and fully perform and comply with all material provisions, covenants and other promises required to be observed by it under any Collateral Obligations (except, in the case of a successor Servicer, such material provisions, covenants and other provisions shall only include those provisions relating to the collection and servicing of the Collateral Obligations to the extent such obligations are set forth in a document included in the related Collateral Obligation File) and shall comply with the Credit and Collection Policy and the Servicing Standard in all material respects with respect to all Collateral Obligations. 
 
 (g) Maintain Records of Collateral Obligations . The Servicer shall, at its own cost and expense, maintain reasonably satisfactory and complete records of the Collateral, including a record of all payments received and all credits granted with respect to the Collateral and all other dealings with the Collateral. The Servicer shall maintain its computer systems so that, from and after the time of sale of any Collateral Obligation to the Borrower, the Servicer s master computer records (including any back-up archives) that refer to such Collateral Obligation shall indicate the interest of the Borrower and the Collateral Agent in 
 
 - 66 - 
 
 such Collateral Obligation and that such Collateral Obligation is owned by the Borrower and has been pledged to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 (h) Liens . The Servicer shall not create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on or with respect to any of its rights under any of the Transaction Documents, whether with respect to the Collateral Obligations or any other Collateral other than Permitted Liens. 
 
 (i) Mergers; BDC Conversion . 
 
 (i) The Servicer shall not directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, merge with, consolidate with, acquire all or substantially all of the assets or capital stock of, or otherwise combine with or acquire, any Person, except that the Servicer shall be allowed to merge with any entity so long as the Servicer remains the surviving entity of such merger and such merger does not result in a Change of Control. The Servicer shall give prior written notice of any merger to the Facility Agent. 
 
 (ii) The Servicer shall give prior written notice of any conversion to a business development company regulated under the 1940 Act to the Facility Agent. 
 
 (j) Servicing Obligations . The Servicer will not (i) agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification of any Transaction Document to which it is a party and to which the Facility Agent is not a party without the prior written consent of the Facility Agent, (ii) amend, waive or otherwise modify the Credit and Collection Policy in a manner that is materially adverse to the Lenders without the prior written consent of the Facility Agent, (iii) agree or permit the Borrower to agree to a Material Modification during the continuance of an Event of Default (provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that a Material Modification that occurs without the consent of the Borrower shall not constitute a breach of this clause (ii)), (iv) interpose any claims, offsets or defenses it may have as against the Borrower as a defense to its performance of its obligations in favor of any Affected Person hereunder or under any other Transaction Documents or (v) change its fiscal year so that the reports described in Section 7.5(k) would be delivered to the Facility Agent less frequently than every 12 months. 
 
 (k) Financial Reports . The Servicer shall furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the Facility Agent: 
 
 (i) as soon as available and in any event within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, a copy of the audited consolidated financial statements for the prior year for the Servicer, inclusive of its consolidated Subsidiaries, including the prior comparable period (if any) from the preceding fiscal year and certified by Independent Accountants (the report of which shall be unqualified), and certified by an Executive Officer of the Servicer with appropriate knowledge stating that the information set forth therein fairly presents the financial condition of the Servicer and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for such fiscal year, with all such financial statements being prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the period involved (except for changes in the application of GAAP approved by such accountants in accordance with GAAP and disclosed therein) (it being agreed that financial statements included in the Servicer s annual reports on Form 10-K for such fiscal year, as filed with the SEC, shall satisfy this Section 7.5(k)(i) with respect to such fiscal year so long as the Servicer delivers such financial statements to the Facility Agent within the time period required above); and 
 
 (ii) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year (other than the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year), an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Servicer, inclusive of its consolidated Subsidiaries, as of the end of such fiscal quarter and including the prior comparable period (if any), and the unaudited consolidated statements of income, and of cash flow, of 
 
 - 67 - 
 
 the Servicer and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, certified by an Executive Officer of the Servicer identifying such documents as being the documents described in this paragraph (ii) and stating that the information set forth therein fairly presents the financial condition of the Servicer and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the periods then ended, subject to year-end adjustments and confirming that the Servicer is in compliance with all financial covenants in the Transaction Documents (or, if the Servicer is not in compliance, specifying the nature and status thereof) (it being agreed that financial statements included in the Servicer s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for such fiscal quarter, as filed with the SEC, shall satisfy this subsection 7.5(k)(ii) with respect to such fiscal quarter so long as the Servicer delivers such financial statements to the Facility Agent within the time period required above). 
 
 (l) Obligor Reports . The Servicer shall furnish to the Facility Agent, with respect to each Obligor: 
 
 (i) within 10 Business Days of the completion of the Servicer s portfolio review of such Obligor (which, for any individual Obligor, shall occur no less frequently than quarterly) (i) any financial reporting packages with respect to such Obligor and with respect to each Collateral Obligation for each Obligor (including any attached or included information, statements and calculations) received by the Borrower and/or the Servicer as of the date of the Servicer s most recent portfolio review and (ii) the internal monitoring report prepared by the Servicer with respect to each Obligor. In no case, however, shall the Servicer be obligated hereunder to deliver such Obligor reports to the Facility Agent more than once per calendar month. Upon demand by the Facility Agent, the Servicer will provide such other information as the Facility Agent may reasonably request with respect to any Collateral Obligation or Obligor (to the extent reasonably available to the Servicer); and 
 
 (ii) within 10 Business Days of each one-year anniversary of the date on which the related Collateral Obligation was acquired by the Borrower, updated Obligor Information for such Obligor. 
 
 (m) Credit and Collection Policy. Attached as Schedule 4 is a true and correct copy of the Credit and Collection Policy as in effect on the date hereof. All of the Collateral Obligations serviced by the Servicer are being serviced in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy in all material respects. 
 
 (n) Commingling . The Servicer shall not, and shall not permit any of its Affiliates to, deposit or permit the deposit of any funds (i) that do not constitute Collections or other proceeds of any Collateral Obligations into the Collection Account or (ii) that constitute Collections or other proceeds of any Collateral Obligations into an Agent Account unless such funds are transferred to the Collection Account in accordance with Section 7.3(b) . The Servicer shall not, and shall not permit any of its Affiliates to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on the administrative agent named on any Agent Account or on or with respect to any Agent Account without the consent of the Facility Agent in its sole discretion; provided that if the Facility Agent consents to such Lien, then the Servicer, at the request of the Facility Agent in its sole discretion, will execute or cause the execution of an intercreditor agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent. 
 
 (o) Additional Creditors . If the Equityholder (or (i) any Subsidiary of the Equityholder or (ii) special purpose entity formed after the Effective Date owned or sponsored in whole or in part by the Equityholder) finances with any Person other than Deutsche Bank AG (or any Affiliate or Subsidiary thereof) any Loan, Senior Secured Bond or Participation Interest an interest in which is also included as a Collateral Obligation, then the Servicer will (or will cause), at the request of the Facility Agent in its sole discretion, the execution of an intercreditor agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent. 

- 68 - 
 
 (p) Limited Liability Formalities . The Equityholder will adhere to the limited liability formalities of the Borrower in all transfers of assets and other transactions between the Equityholder and the Borrower. In general, the Equityholder observes the appropriate limited liability company formalities of the Borrower under Applicable Law. 
 
 (q) Indebtedness . The Servicer shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness of the Servicer that would result in the Servicer s Asset Coverage Ratio, as of the last day of its most recent fiscal quarter, to be less than the greater of (x) 150 and (y) the ratio required for a business development company under the 1940 Act. The Servicer shall provide to the Facility Agent copies of all transaction documents related to any non-recourse financing entered into by any subsidiary of the Servicer. In addition, the Servicer shall not enter into any agreement granting any other party the right to consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of this Agreement. 
 
 (r) Proceedings . The Servicer shall furnish to the Facility Agent, as soon as possible and in any event within three (3) Business Days after the Servicer receives notice or obtains actual knowledge thereof, notice of any settlement of, material judgment (including a material judgment with respect to the liability phase of a bifurcated trial) in or commencement of any material labor controversy, material litigation, material action, material suit or material proceeding before any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, affecting the Collateral, the Transaction Documents, the Collateral Agent s interest in the Collateral or the Servicer, in each case which could reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (s) Taxes . The Equityholder shall file on a timely basis all federal and other material Tax returns (including foreign, federal, state, local and otherwise) required to be filed, if any, and shall pay all federal and other material Taxes due and payable by it (other than any amount the validity of which is contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP are provided on the books of the Equityholder). 
 
 (t) Equity of the Borrower . The Equityholder shall neither pledge the equity interests of the Borrower nor otherwise permit any equity interests of the Borrower to be subject to a Lien. 
 
 Section 7.6 Servicing Fees; Payment of Certain Expenses by Servicer . On each Distribution Date, to the extent not waived, the Servicer shall be entitled to receive out of the Collection Account the Servicing Fee for the related Collection Accrual Period pursuant to Section 8.3(a) . The Servicer shall not be permitted to defer payment of any accrued but unpaid Servicing Fee. The Servicer shall be required to pay all expenses incurred by it in connection with its activities under this Agreement and each other Transaction Document. 
 
 Section 7.7 Collateral Reporting . The Servicer shall cooperate with the Collateral Agent in the performance of the Collateral Agent s duties under Section 11.3 . Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Servicer shall supply in a timely fashion any information maintained by it that the Collateral Agent may from time to time request with respect to the Collateral Obligations and reasonably necessary to complete the reports and certificates required to be prepared by the Collateral Agent hereunder or required to permit the Collateral Agent to perform its obligations hereunder. 
 
 Section 7.8 Notices . The Servicer shall deliver to the Facility Agent and the Collateral Agent, promptly after having obtained knowledge thereof, notice of any Servicer Default, Event of Default or Material Modification. The Servicer shall deliver to the Facility Agent and the Collateral Agent, promptly after having obtained knowledge thereof, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, written notice in an Officer s Certificate of any Unmatured Servicer Default or Unmatured Event of Default. 

- 69 - 
 
 Section 7.9 Procedural Review of Collateral Obligations; Access to Servicer and Servicer s Records . (a) Each of the Borrower and the Servicer shall permit representatives of the Facility Agent at any time and from time to time as the Facility Agent shall reasonably request (x) to inspect and make copies of and abstracts from its records relating to the Collateral Obligations, and (y) to visit its properties in connection with the collection, processing or servicing of the Collateral Obligations for the purpose of examining such records, and to discuss matters relating to the Collateral Obligations or such Person s performance under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents with any officer or employee or auditor (if any) of such Person having knowledge of such matters. Each of the Borrower and the Servicer agrees to render to the Facility Agent such clerical and other assistance as may be reasonably requested with regard to the foregoing; provided , that such assistance shall not interfere in any material respect with the Servicer s business and operations. So long as no Unmatured Event of Default, Event of Default, Unmatured Servicer Default or Servicer Default has occurred and is continuing, such visits and inspections shall occur only (i) upon two Business Days prior written notice, (ii) during normal business hours and (iii) no more than twice in any calendar year. During the existence of an Unmatured Event of Default, an Event of Default, an Unmatured Servicer Default or a Servicer Default, there shall be no limit on the timing or number of such inspections and no prior notice will be required before any inspection. 
 
 (b) The Borrower and the Servicer, as applicable, shall provide to the Facility Agent access to the Collateral Obligations and all other documents regarding the Collateral Obligations included as part of the Collateral and the Related Security in each case, in its possession, in such cases where the Facility Agent is required in connection with the enforcement of the rights or interests of the Lenders, or by applicable statutes or regulations, to review such documentation, such access being afforded without charge but only (i) upon two Business Days prior written notice (so long as no Unmatured Event of Default, Event of Default or Servicer Default has occurred and is continuing), (ii) during normal business hours and (iii) up to twice per calendar year (so long as no Unmatured Event of Default, Event of Default or Servicer Default has occurred and is continuing). From and after the Effective Date and periodically thereafter at the reasonable discretion of the Facility Agent, the Facility Agent may review the Borrower s and the Servicer s collection and administration of the Collateral Obligations in order to assess compliance by the Servicer with the Servicer s written policies and procedures, as well as this Agreement and may, no more than twice in any calendar year, conduct an audit of the Collateral Obligations and Records in conjunction with such review, subject to the limits set forth in Section 7.9(d) . 
 
 (c) Nothing in this Section 7.9 shall derogate from the obligation of the Borrower and the Servicer to observe any Applicable Law prohibiting disclosure of information regarding the Obligors, and the failure of the Servicer to provide access as a result of such obligation shall not constitute a breach of this Section 7.9. 
 
 (d) The Servicer shall bear the costs and expenses of all audits and inspections permitted by this Section 7.9 as well as Section 18.6 . 
 
 Section 7.10 Optional Sales . (a) The Borrower shall have the right to sell all or a portion of the Collateral Obligations (each, an Optional Sale ), subject to the following terms and conditions: 
 
 (i) immediately after giving effect to such Optional Sale: 
 
 (A) each Collateral Quality Test is satisfied or, if not satisfied immediately prior to such Optional Sale, the extent of compliance will be improved; 
 
 (B) the Minimum Equity Test is satisfied; 
 
 (C) the Borrowing Base is greater than or equal to the Advances outstanding; 
 
 - 70 - 

(D) no Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default, Unmatured Servicer Default or Servicer Default shall have occurred and be continuing; provided that, if an Unmatured Event of Default or Unmatured Servicer Default is continuing, the Borrower may make an Optional Sale if, after giving effect to such Optional Sale, such event is cured (although, for the avoidance of doubt, such event shall be continuing for all purposes hereunder until the settlement date of such Optional Sale) and, after the end of the Revolving Period, such Optional Sale is for a purchase price equal to the greater of (x) the Purchase Price of such Collateral Obligation as of the Cut-Off Date and (y) 95.0 of par; and 
 
 (E) during the immediately preceding twelve (12) month period, without the prior written consent of the Facility Agent in its sole discretion, the Borrower will not have sold Collateral Obligations in Optional Sales with an aggregate Collateral Obligation Amount in excess of 35 of the highest Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Amount as of any day during such period; provided , that the Borrower may, during the Revolving Period, make any Optional Sale of any Collateral Obligation that, in the Servicer s reasonable judgment, has a significant risk of declining in credit quality and, with the lapse of time, becoming a Defaulted Collateral Obligation, if after giving effect to such Optional Sale both (x) no Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default is continuing and (y) the aggregate Collateral Obligation Amount of Collateral Obligations sold pursuant to this proviso does not exceed, during the immediately preceding twelve (12) month period, 10 of the highest Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Amount as of any day during such period; 
 
 (ii) at least one (1) Business Day prior to the date of any Optional Sale, the Servicer, on behalf of the Borrower, shall give the Facility Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the Collateral Agent written notice of such Optional Sale, which notice shall identify the related Collateral subject to such Optional Sale and the expected proceeds from such Optional Sale and include (x) an Officer s Certificate computed as of the date of such request and after giving effect to such Optional Sale, demonstrating that the Borrowing Base is greater than or equal to the aggregate principal amount of all Advances outstanding and (y) a certificate of the Servicer substantially in the form of Exhibit F-3 requesting the release of the related Collateral Obligation File in connection with such Optional Sale; 
 
 (iii) such Optional Sale shall be made by the Servicer, on behalf of the Borrower (A) in accordance with the Servicing Standard, (B) reflecting arm s length market terms and (C) in a transaction in which the Borrower makes no representations, warranties or covenants and provides no indemnification for the benefit of any other party (other than those which are customarily made or provided in connection with the sale of assets of such type); 
 
 (iv) if such Optional Sale is to an Affiliate of the Borrower or the Servicer, the Facility Agent has given its prior written consent; provided that such consent shall not be required (A) if such sale is for a purchase price at least equal to the greatest of (i) the Purchase Price, (ii) the Collateral Obligation Amount and (iii) the fair market value (as determined based upon prices reported on one or more recognized, independent pricing services selected by the Servicer) or (B) during the Revolving Period, if (x) any Collateral Obligation does not meet the definition of Eligible Collateral Obligation and has a Collateral Obligation Amount of zero and (y) such Optional Sale is to the Equityholder, then such sale may be treated as a return of capital to the Equityholder without payment of a purchase price in cash from the Equityholder to the Borrower; and 
 
 (v) on the date of such Optional Sale, all proceeds from such Optional Sale will be deposited directly into the Collection Account. 

- 71 - 
 
 (b) In connection with any Optional Sale, following deposit of all proceeds from such Optional Sale into the Collection Account, the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to release and transfer to the Borrower without recourse, representation or warranty all of the right, title and interest of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in, to and under such Collateral Obligation(s) and related Collateral subject to such Optional Sale and such portion of the Collateral so transferred shall be released from the Lien of this Agreement. 
 
 (c) The Borrower hereby agrees to pay the reasonable and documented outside counsel legal fees and out-of-pocket expenses of the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, each Agent and each Lender in connection with any Optional Sale (including, but not limited to, expenses incurred in connection with the release of the Lien of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral in connection with such Optional Sale). 
 
 (d) In connection with any Optional Sale, the Collateral Agent shall, at the sole expense of the Borrower, execute such instruments of release with respect to the portion of the Collateral subject to such Optional Sale to the Borrower, in recordable form if necessary, as the Borrower may reasonably request. 
 
 Section 7.11 Repurchase or Substitution of Warranty Collateral Obligations . In the event of (A) a breach of Section 9.5, Section 9.13 or Section 9.26 or (B) a material breach of any other representation, warranty, undertaking or covenant set forth in Section 7.4(k), Article IX, Article X, Section 18.3 or Section 18.5(b) with respect to a Collateral Obligation (or the Related Security and other related collateral constituting part of the Collateral related to such Collateral Obligation) (each such Collateral Obligation, a Warranty Collateral Obligation ), no later than 30 days after the earlier of (x) knowledge of such breach on the part of the Equityholder or the Servicer and (y) receipt by the Equityholder or the Servicer of written notice thereof given by the Facility Agent, the Borrower shall either (a) repay Advances outstanding in an amount equal to the aggregate Repurchase Amount of such Warranty Collateral Obligation(s) to which such breach relates on the terms and conditions set forth below or (b) substitute for such Warranty Collateral Obligation one or more Eligible Collateral Obligations with an aggregate Collateral Obligation Amount at least equal to the Repurchase Amount of the Warranty Collateral Obligation(s) being replaced; provided , that no such repayment or substitution shall be required to be made with respect to any Warranty Collateral Obligation (and such Collateral Obligation shall cease to be a Warranty Collateral Obligation) if, on or before the expiration of such 30 day period, the representations and warranties set forth in clause (A) above with respect to such Warranty Collateral Obligation shall be made true and correct and the representations, warranties, undertakings and covenants set forth in clause (B) above with respect to such Warranty Collateral Obligation shall be made true and correct in all material respects (or if such representation and warranty is already qualified by the words material , materially or Material Adverse Effect , then such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) with respect to such Warranty Collateral Obligation as if such Warranty Collateral Obligation had become part of the Collateral on such day or if the aggregate principal amount of all Advances outstanding do not exceed the Borrowing Base, the Maximum Availability or the Facility Amount. 

- 72 - 
 
 Section 7.12 Servicing of REO Assets . (a) If, in the reasonable business judgment of the Servicer, it becomes necessary to convert any Collateral Obligation that is secured by real property into an REO Asset, the Servicer shall first cause the Borrower to transfer and assign such Collateral Obligation (or the portion thereof owned by the Borrower) to a special purpose vehicle (the REO Asset Owner using a contribution agreement reasonably acceptable to the Facility Agent. All equity interests of the REO Asset Owner acquired by the Borrower shall immediately become a part of the Collateral and be subject to the grant of a security interest under Section 12.1 and shall be promptly delivered to the Collateral Agent, each undated and duly indorsed in blank. The REO Asset Owner shall be formed and operated pursuant to organizational documents reasonably acceptable to the Facility Agent. After execution thereof, the Servicer shall prevent the REO Asset Owner from agreeing to any amendment or other modification of the REO Asset Owner s organizational documents that would be materially adverse to the interests of the Secured Parties under this Agreement, as determined by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard, without first obtaining the written consent of the Facility Agent. The Servicer shall cause each REO Asset to be serviced (i) in accordance with Applicable Law, (ii) with reasonable care and diligence, (iii) in accordance with the applicable REO Asset Owner s operating agreement, and (iv) in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy (collectively, the REO Servicing Standard ). The Servicer will cause all Distributable Cash (or comparable definition set forth in the REO Asset Owner s organization documents) to be deposited into the Collection Account within two (2) Business Days of receipt thereof. 
 
 (b) In the event that title to any Related Property is acquired on behalf of the REO Asset Owner for the benefit of its members in foreclosure, by deed in lieu of foreclosure or upon abandonment or reclamation from bankruptcy, the deed or certificate of sale shall be taken in the name of a REO Asset Owner. The Servicer shall cause the REO Asset Owner to manage, conserve, protect and operate each REO Asset for its members solely for the purpose of its prompt disposition and sale. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Servicer shall not (and shall not permit the REO Asset Owner to) obtain title to any Related Property as a result of or in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise, obtain title to any direct or indirect partnership interest in any Obligor pledged pursuant to a pledge agreement and thereby be the beneficial owner of Related Property, have a receiver of rents appointed with respect to, and shall not otherwise acquire possession of, or take any other action with respect to, any Related Property if, as a result of any such action, the REO Asset Owner would be considered to hold title to, to be a mortgagee-in-possession of, or to be an owner or operator of, such Related Property within the meaning of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended from time to time, or any comparable state or local Environmental Law, unless the Servicer has previously determined in accordance with the REO Servicing Standard, based on an updated Phase I environmental assessment report generally prepared in accordance with the ASTM Phase I Environmental Site Assessment Standard E 1527-05, as may be amended or, with respect to residential property, a property inspection and title report, that: 
 
 (i) such Related Property is in compliance in all material respects with applicable Environmental Laws, and 
 
 (ii) there are no circumstances present at such Related Property relating to the use, management or disposal of any Hazardous Materials for which investigation, testing, monitoring, containment, clean-up or remediation would reasonably be expected to be required by the owner, occupier or operator of the Related Property under applicable federal, state or local law or regulation. 
 
 (d) In the event that the Phase I or other environmental assessment first obtained by the Servicer with respect to Related Property indicates that such Related Property may not be in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws or that Hazardous Materials may be present but does not definitively establish 
 
 - 73 - 
 
 such fact, the Servicer shall cause the Borrower to immediately sell the related Collateral Obligation in accordance with Section 7.10 to the extent permitted thereunder. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 
 ACCOUNTS; PAYMENTS 
 
 Section 8.1 Accounts . (a) On or prior to the Effective Date, the Servicer shall establish each Account in the name of the Borrower and each Account shall be a segregated, non-interest bearing trust account established with the Securities Intermediary, who shall forward funds from the Collection Account to the Collateral Agent upon its request for application by the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 8.3(a) . If at any time a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Agent obtains actual knowledge that any Account ceases to be an Eligible Account (with notice to the Servicer and the Facility Agent), then the Servicer shall transfer such account to another institution such that such account shall meet the requirements of an Eligible Account. 
 
 Except as set forth below, amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account may be withdrawn by the Borrower (i) to fund any draw requests of the relevant Obligors under any Variable Funding Asset, or (ii) to make a deposit into the Collections Account as Principal Collections if, after giving effect to such withdrawal, the aggregate amount on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account plus, solely during the Revolving Period, the undrawn portion of the Commitments, is equal to or greater than the Aggregate Unfunded Amount. 
 
 Following the Facility Termination Date, any draw request made by an Obligor under a Variable Funding Asset included in the Collateral, along with wiring instructions for the applicable Obligor, shall be forwarded by the Servicer to the Collateral Agent (with a copy to the Facility Agent) along with an instruction to the Collateral Agent to withdraw the applicable amount from the Unfunded Exposure Account and a certification that the conditions to fund such draw are satisfied, and the Collateral Agent shall fund such draw request in accordance with such instructions from the Servicer. 
 
 Following the end of the Revolving Period, if the Borrower shall receive any Principal Collections from an Obligor with respect to a Variable Funding Asset included in the Collateral and, as of the date of such receipt (and after taking into account such repayment), the aggregate amount on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account is less than the Aggregate Unfunded Amount (the amount of such shortfall, in each case, the Unfunded Exposure Shortfall ), the Servicer shall direct the Collateral Agent to and the Collateral Agent shall deposit into the Unfunded Exposure Account an amount of such Principal Collections equal to the lesser of (a) the aggregate amount of such Principal Collections and (b) the Unfunded Exposure Shortfall. 
 
 (b) All amounts held in any Account shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, be invested by the Collateral Agent, as directed by the Servicer in writing (or, if the Servicer fails to provide such direction, such amounts shall be invested in any standing investment separately identified by the Servicer and described in clause (d) of the definition of Permitted Investments), in Permitted Investments that mature (i) with respect to the Collection Account, not later than one Business Day prior to the Distribution Date for the Collection Accrual Period to which such amounts relate and (ii) with respect to the Unfunded Exposure Account, on the immediately following Business Day. Any such written direction shall certify that any such investment is authorized by this Section 8.1 . Investments in Permitted Investments shall be made in the name of the Securities Intermediary, and, except as specifically required below, such investments shall not be sold or disposed of prior to their maturity. If any amounts are needed for disbursement from the Collection Account and sufficient uninvested funds are not available therein to make such disbursement, the Collateral Agent shall cause to be sold or otherwise converted to cash a sufficient amount of the investments in such account to make such disbursement in accordance with and upon the written direction of the Servicer or, if the Servicer shall fail to give such 
 
 - 74 - 
 
 direction, the Facility Agent. The Collateral Agent shall, upon written request, provide the Facility Agent with all information in its possession regarding transfer into and out of the Collection Account (including, but not limited to, the identity of the counterparty making or receiving such transfer). In no event shall the Collateral Agent be liable for the selection of any investments or any losses in connection therewith, or for any failure of the Servicer or the Facility Agent, as applicable, to timely provide investment instructions or disposition instructions, as applicable, to the Collateral Agent. To the extent agreed to by the Borrower or the Servicer, the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian and their respective Affiliates shall be permitted to receive additional compensation that could be deemed to be in the Collateral Agent s or the Collateral Custodian s economic self-interest for (i) serving as investment adviser, administrator, shareholder, servicing agent, custodian or sub-custodian with respect to certain of the Permitted Investments, (ii) using affiliates to effect transactions in certain Permitted Investments, and (iii) effecting transactions in certain investments. Such compensation shall not be considered an amount that is reimbursable or payable pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 (c) Neither the Borrower nor the Servicer shall have any rights of direction or withdrawal, with respect to amounts held in any Account, except to the extent explicitly set forth herein (including the withdrawal rights for the Unfunded Exposure Account set forth in Section 8.1(a) ). 
 
 Subject to the other provisions hereof, the Collateral Agent shall have sole Control (within the meaning of the UCC) over each Account and each such investment and the income thereon, and any certificate or other instrument evidencing any such investment, if any, shall be delivered to the Collateral Agent or its agent, together with each document of transfer, if any, necessary to transfer title to such investment to the Collateral Agent in a manner that complies with this Section 8.1 . All interest, dividends, gains upon sale and other income from, or earnings on, investments of funds in the Accounts shall be deposited or transferred to the Collection Account and distributed pursuant to Section 8.3(a) . 
 
 (d) The Equityholder may, from time to time in its sole discretion (x) deposit amounts into the Principal Collection Account or the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or (y) transfer Eligible Collateral Obligations as equity contributions to the Borrower. All such amounts will be included in each applicable compliance calculation under this Agreement, including, without limitation, calculation of the Borrowing Base, the Maximum Availability and the Minimum Equity Test. 
 
 Section 8.2 Excluded Amounts . The Servicer may direct the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary to withdraw from the applicable Account and pay to the Person entitled thereto any amounts credited thereto constituting Excluded Amounts if the Servicer has, prior to such withdrawal and consent, delivered to the Facility Agent and the Collateral Agent a report setting forth the calculation of such Excluded Amounts in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent, which report shall include a brief description of the facts and circumstances supporting such request and designate a date for the payment of such reimbursement, which date shall not be earlier than two (2) Business Days following delivery of such notice. 
 
 Section 8.3 Distributions, Reinvestment and Dividends . (a) On each Distribution Date, the Collateral Agent shall distribute from the Collection Account, in accordance with the applicable Monthly Report prepared by the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 8.5 , the Amount Available for such Distribution Date in the following order of priority: 
 
 (i) From the Interest Collection Account, the Amount Available constituting Interest Collections for such Distribution Date in the following order of priority: 
 
 (A) FIRST, to the payment of taxes and governmental fees owing by the Borrower, if any, which expenses shall not exceed 25,000 on any Distribution Date; 

- 75 - 
 
 (B) SECOND, first (1) to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Custodian, any accrued and unpaid Collateral Agent Fees and Expenses and Collateral Custodian Fees and Expenses for the related Collectio nAccrual Period pursuant to the Collateral Agent and Collateral Custodian Fee Letter, which expenses shall not exceed in the aggregate the amount of the Capped Fees/Expenses and second (2) to the Servicer, any accrued and unpaid Servicer Expenses, which Servicer Expenses shall not exceed either (x) 25,000 on any Distribution Date or (y) 50,000 in any calendar year; 
 
 (C) THIRD, to the extent not waived by the Servicer, to the Servicer, any accrued and unpaid Servicing Fee for the related Collection Accrual Period; 
 
 (D) FOURTH, pro rata, based on the amounts owed to such Persons under this Section 8.3(a)(i)(D) , (1) to the Lenders, an amount equal to the Yield on the Advances accrued during the Accrual Period with respect to such Distribution Date (and any Yield with respect to any prior Accrual Period to the extent not paid on a prior Distribution Date), (2) to the Facility Agent and the Agents on behalf of their respective Lenders, all accrued and unpaid Fees and Indemnified Amounts due to the Lenders, the Agents and the Facility Agent and (3) to the Hedge Counterparties, any amounts owed on the current and prior Distribution Dates to the Hedge Counterparties under Hedging Agreements (other than Hedge Breakage Costs), together with interest accrued thereon; 
 
 (E) FIFTH, to the Agents on behalf of their respective Lenders pro rata in accordance with the amount of the outstanding Advances (1) in the amount necessary to reduce the Advances outstanding to an amount not to exceed the lower of the Borrowing Base and the Maximum Availability, (2) if the Minimum Equity Test is not satisfied on such Distribution Date, in the amount necessary to reduce the Advances outstanding such that the Minimum Equity Test is satisfied and (3) if the Minimum Diversity Test is not satisfied on such Distribution Date, in the amount necessary to reduce the Advances outstanding to zero; 
 
 (F) SIXTH, after the end of the Revolving Period, to the Agents on behalf of their respective Lenders pro rata to repay the Advances outstanding in an amount equal to (1) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or if the Revaluation Diversion Event has occurred or (2) if the Diversity Score (calculated as of the related Determination Date) is less than or equal to 10, all remaining Interest Collections; 
 
 (G) SEVENTH, to any Affected Persons, any Increased Costs then due and owing; 
 
 (H) EIGHTH, pro rata based on amounts owed to such Persons under this Section 8.3(a)(i)(H) , to the Hedge Counterparties, any unpaid Hedge Breakage Costs, together with interest accrued thereon; 
 
 (I) NINTH, to the extent not previously paid pursuant to Section 8.3(a)(i)(A) above, to the payment of taxes and governmental fees owing by the Borrower, if any; 
 
 (J) TENTH, to the extent not previously paid by or on behalf of the Borrower, to each Indemnified Party, any Indemnified Amounts then due and owing to each such Indemnified Party; 
 
 (K) ELEVENTH, to the extent not previously paid pursuant to Section 8.3(a)(i)(B) above, to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian, any Collateral Agent Fees and Expenses and Collateral Custodian Fees and Expenses due to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian; 

- 76 - 
 
 (L) TWELFTH, to pay any other amounts due and payable by the Borrower or otherwise under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and not previously paid pursuant to this Section 8.3(a) ; 
 
 (M) THIRTEENTH, (1) during an Unmatured Event of Default or an Event of Default, to remain in the Interest Collection Account as Interest Collections, and (2) otherwise during the Revolving Period, at the option of the Borrower, either such Amount Available to the Borrower or to be deposited in the Principal Collection Account and treated as Principal Collections; and 
 
 (N) FOURTEENTH, after the Revolving Period, such remaining Amount Available, to the Borrower. 
 
 (ii) From the Principal Collection Account, the Amount Available constituting Principal Collections for such Distribution Date in the following order of priority: 
 
 (A) FIRST, to pay, in accordance with Section 8.3(a)(i) above, the amounts referred to in clauses (A) through (E), in that order, but, in each case, only to the extent not paid in full thereunder; 
 
 (B) SECOND, after the end of the Revolving Period (to the extent not paid pursuant to Section 8.3(a)(i)(F) ), to the Agents on behalf of their respective Lenders pro rata to repay the Advances outstanding; 
 
 (C) THIRD, to pay, in accordance with Section 8.3(a)(i) above, the amounts referred to in clauses (G) and (H) of such Section 8.3(a)(i) but, in each case, only to the extent not paid in full thereunder; 
 
 (D) FOURTH, to pay, in accordance with Section 8.3(a)(i) above, the amounts referred to in clause (I) of such Section 8.3(a)(i) but, in each case, only to the extent not paid in full thereunder 
 
 (E) FIFTH, to pay, in accordance with Section 8.3(a)(i) above, the amounts referred to in clause (J) of such Section 8.3(a)(i) but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder; 
 
 (F) SIXTH, to the extent not previously paid pursuant to Section 8.3(a)(i)(B) or Section 8.3(a)(i)(K), to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian, any costs and expenses due to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian under the Transaction Documents (other than Increased Costs and Indemnified Amounts); 
 
 (G) SEVENTH, to pay, in accordance with Section 8.3(a)(i) above, the amounts referred to in clause (L) of such Section 8.3(a)(i) but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder; 
 
 (H) EIGHTH, to pay, in accordance with Section 8.3(a)(i) above, the amounts referred to in clause (M) of such Section 8.3(a)(i) but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder; 
 
 (I) TENTH, during the Revolving Period, to remain in the Principal Collection Account as Principal Collections except as otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 10.16 ; and 
 
 (J) ELEVENTH, after the end of the Revolving Period, such remaining such Amount Available to the Borrower. 

- 77 - 
 
 (b) During the Revolving Period, the Borrower may withdraw from the Collection Account any Principal Collections and apply such Principal Collections to (A) prepay the Advances outstanding in accordance with Section 2.4 or (B) acquire additional Collateral Obligations (each such reinvestment of Principal Collections, a Reinvestment ), subject to the following conditions: 
 
 (i) the Borrower shall have given written notice to the Collateral Agent and the Facility Agent of the proposed Reinvestment at or prior to 3:00 p.m., New York City time, two Business Days prior to the proposed date of such Reinvestment (the Reinvestment Date ). Such notice (the Reinvestment Request shall be in the form of Exhibit C-2 and shall include (among other things) the proposed Reinvestment Date, the amount of such proposed Reinvestment and a Schedule of Collateral Obligations setting forth the information required therein with respect to the Collateral Obligations to be acquired by the Borrower on the Reinvestment Date (if applicable); 
 
 (ii) each condition precedent set forth in Section 6.2 shall be satisfied (except that if each Collateral Quality Test is not satisfied immediately prior to such Reinvestment, the extent of compliance will be improved); 
 
 (iii) upon the written request of the Borrower (or the Servicer on the Borrower s behalf) delivered to the Collateral Agent no later than 11:00 a.m. New York City time on the applicable Reinvestment Date, the Collateral Agent shall have provided to the Facility Agent by e-mail (to be received no later than 1:30 p.m. New York City time on that same day) a statement reflecting the total amount on deposit on such day in the Collection Account; and 
 
 (iv) any Reinvestment Request given by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 8.3(b) , shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower. 
 
 Subject to the Collateral Agent s receipt of an Officer s Certificate of the Servicer as to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 6.2 and this Section 8.3, the Collateral Agent will release funds from the Collection Account to the Borrower in an amount not to exceed the lesser of (A) the amount requested by the Borrower and (B) the amount of Collections on deposit in the Collection Account. 
 
 (c) To the extent necessary to make payments in any Eligible Currency pursuant to Section 8.3(a) , the Servicer hereby instructs the Collateral Agent, on the Determination Date immediately preceding each Distribution Date, to convert amounts on deposit in the applicable Collection Account into any Eligible Currency (pro rata based on available amounts from each other Eligible Currency, unless otherwise directed in writing by the Servicer) using the Applicable Conversion Rate. All risk and expense incident to such conversion is the responsibility of the Borrower and the Collateral Agent shall have (x) no responsibility for fluctuations in exchange rates affecting any Collections or conversion thereof and (y) to the extent it complies with the instructions provided by the Servicer in a non-negligent manner, no liability for any losses incurred or resulting from the rates obtained in such foreign exchange transactions. 
 
 (d) At any time, the Borrower may withdraw from the Principal Collection Account the proceeds of any Advance on deposit therein as may be needed to settle any pending acquisition of an Eligible Collateral Obligation. 
 
 Section 8.4 Fees . The Borrower shall pay the Undrawn Fee, the Make-Whole Fee, the Prepayment Fee and any other fees (collectively, Fees in the amounts and on the dates set forth herein or in one or more fee letter agreements, dated the date hereof (or dated the date any Lender and its related Lender Group becomes a party hereto pursuant to an assignment or otherwise), signed by the Borrower, the applicable Agent and the 
 
 - 78 - 
 
 Facility Agent (as any such fee letter agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, a Fee Letter ). 
 
 Section 8.5 Monthly Report . The Collateral Agent shall prepare (based on information provided to it by the Servicer, the Facility Agent and the Lenders as set forth herein) a Monthly Report in the form of Exhibit D determined as of the close of business on each Determination Date and make available such Monthly Report to the Facility Agent (including by electronic delivery to csg.india@db.com csg.india@db.com and ls2.docs-ny@db.com) ,ls2.docs-ny@db.com), the Borrower and the Servicer on each Reporting Date starting with the first Reporting Date following 30 calendar days after the Effective Date. Each Monthly Report shall specify the amounts for payment pursuant to each clause of Section 8.3(a) and, to the extent sufficient funds are available therefor, such amounts shall be paid using Collections received in the applicable Eligible Currency. To the extent Collections in any Eligible Currency are insufficient, the Servicer shall direct that amounts be converted from each other Eligible Currency (pro rata, or as otherwise specified by the Servicer to the Facility Agent and the Collateral Agent in writing) using the Applicable Conversion Rate; provided that the Servicer shall provide any such direction at least two (2) Business Days prior to the applicable Distribution Date (provided further that such direction is received by 12:00 p.m. (New York time) on such date (otherwise such request will be deemed made on the next succeeding Business Day)). If any party receiving any Monthly Report disagrees with any items of such report, it shall contact the Collateral Agent and notify it of such disputed item and provide reasonably sufficient information to correct such item, with (if other than the Facility Agent) a copy of such notice and information to the Facility Agent and the Servicer. If the Collateral Agent agrees with any such correction and unless the Collateral Agent is otherwise timely directed by the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent shall distribute a revised Monthly Report on the Business Day after it receives such information. If the Collateral Agent does not agree with any such correction or it is directed by the Facility Agent that the Collateral Agent should not make such correction, the Collateral Agent shall (within one Business Day) contact the Facility Agent and request instructions on how to proceed. The Facility Agent s reasonable determination with regard to any disputed item in the Monthly Report shall be final. 
 
 The Servicer shall cooperate with the Collateral Agent in connection with the preparation of the Monthly Reports and any supplement thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Servicer shall supply any information maintained by it that the Collateral Agent may from time to time reasonably request with respect to the Collateral and reasonably needs to complete the reports, calculations and certificates required to be prepared by the Collateral Agent hereunder or required to permit the Collateral Agent to perform its obligations hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in connection with the preparation of a Monthly Report, (i) the Servicer shall be responsible for providing the Collateral Agent the information required for parts (a) through (c) of Exhibit D for such Monthly Report and (ii) the Facility Agent and the Lenders shall be responsible for providing to the Collateral Agent the information required by Section 3.4 for part (d) of Exhibit D for such Monthly Report on which the Collateral Agent may conclusively rely. The Servicer shall review and verify the contents of the aforesaid reports (including the Monthly Report), instructions, statements and certificates. Upon receipt of approval from the Servicer, the Collateral Agent shall send such reports, instructions, statements and certificates to the Borrower and the Servicer for execution. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BORROWER 
 
 In order to induce the other parties hereto to enter into this Agreement and, in the case of the Lenders, to make Advances hereunder, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Facility Agent, the Agents and the Lenders as to itself, as of the Effective Date, each Funding Date and each other Measurement Date, as follows: 

- 79 - 
 
 Section 9.1 Organization and Good Standing . It has been duly organized and is validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, with power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is currently conducted. It had at all relevant times and now has, power, authority and legal right (x) to acquire and own the Collateral Obligations and the Related Security, and to grant to the Collateral Agent a security interest in the Collateral Obligations and the Related Security and the other Collateral and (y) to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
 
 Section 9.2 Due Qualification . It is duly qualified to do business and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals and made all necessary filings and registrations in all jurisdictions, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 9.3 Power and Authority . It has the power, authority and legal right to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder; it has full power, authority and legal right to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral Obligations and the other Collateral and has duly authorized such grant by all necessary action and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized by it by all necessary action. 
 
 Section 9.4 Binding Obligations . This Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly executed and delivered by it and are enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (A) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, (B) equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law and (C) implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing. 
 
 Section 9.5 Security Interest . This Agreement creates a valid and continuing Lien on the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, which security interest is validly perfected under Article 9 of the UCC, and is enforceable as such against creditors of and purchasers from the Borrower; the Collateral is comprised of Instruments, Security Entitlements, General Intangibles, Certificated Securities, Uncertificated Securities, Securities Accounts, Investment Property and Proceeds and such other categories of collateral under the applicable UCC as to which the Borrower has complied with its obligations as set forth herein; with respect to Collateral that constitute Security Entitlements (a) all of such Security Entitlements have been credited to the Accounts and the Securities Intermediary has agreed to treat all assets credited to the Accounts as Financial Assets, (b) the Borrower has taken all steps necessary to enable the Collateral Agent to obtain Control with respect to the Accounts and (c) the Accounts are not in the name of any Person other than the Borrower, subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties; the Borrower has not instructed the Securities Intermediary to comply with the entitlement order of any Person other than the Collateral Agent; provided that, until the Collateral Agent delivers a Notice of Exclusive Control (as defined in the Account Control Agreement), the Borrower may, or may cause the Servicer to cause cash in the Accounts to be invested or distributed in accordance with this Agreement; all Accounts constitute Securities Accounts; the Borrower owns and has good and marketable title to the Collateral free and clear of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens); the Borrower has received all consents and approvals required by the terms of any Collateral Obligation to the transfer and granting of a security interest in the Collateral Obligations hereunder to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties; the Borrower has taken all necessary steps to file or authorize the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under Applicable Law in order to perfect the security interest in that portion of the Collateral in which a security interest may be perfected by filing pursuant to Article 9 of the UCC as in effect in the State of Delaware; all original executed copies of each underlying promissory note constituting or evidencing any Collateral Obligation have been or, subject to the 
 
 - 80 - 
 
 delivery requirements contained herein and/or Section 18.3 , will be delivered to the Collateral Custodian; the Borrower has received, or subject to the delivery requirements contained herein will receive, a written acknowledgment from the Collateral Custodian that the Collateral Custodian or its bailee is holding each underlying promissory note evidencing a Collateral Obligation solely on behalf of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties; none of the underlying promissory notes that constitute or evidence the Collateral Obligations has any marks or notations indicating that they have been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties; with respect to Collateral that constitutes a Certificated Security, such certificated security has been delivered to the Collateral Custodian and, if in registered form, has been specially Indorsed (within the meaning of the UCC) to the Collateral Custodian or in blank by an effective Indorsement or has been registered in the name of the Collateral Custodian upon original issue or registration of transfer by the Borrower of such Certificated Security, in each case to be held by the Collateral Custodian on behalf of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties; and in the case of an Uncertificated Security, by (A) causing the Collateral Custodian to become the registered owner of such uncertificated security and (B) causing such registration to remain effective. 
 
 Section 9.6 No Violation . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and the fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, shall not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, its Constituent Documents, or any indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound or any of its properties are subject, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument, or violate in any material respect any Applicable Law or in any way materially adversely affect its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
 
 Section 9.7 No Proceedings . There are no proceedings or investigations pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it, before any Official Body having jurisdiction over it or its properties (A) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, (B) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, (C) seeking any determination or ruling that might materially and adversely affect the performance by it of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or (D) seeking any determination or ruling that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on any of the Collateral or on the assignments and security interests granted by the Borrower in this Agreement. 
 
 Section 9.8 No Consents . It is not required to obtain the material consent of any other Person or any material approval, authorization, consent, license, approval or authorization, or registration or declaration with, any Official Body having jurisdiction over it or its properties in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, in each case other than consents, licenses, approvals, authorizations, orders, registrations, declarations or filings which have been obtained or made and continuation statements and renewals in respect thereof. 
 
 Section 9.9 Solvency . It is solvent and will not become insolvent after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Transaction Documents. After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, it will have an adequate amount of capital to conduct its business in the foreseeable future. 

- 81 - 
 
 Section 9.10 Compliance with Laws . It has complied and will comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws, judgments, agreements with Official Bodies, decrees and orders with respect to its business and properties and all Collateral. 
 
 Section 9.11 Taxes . For U.S. federal income tax purposes, it is, and always has been, an entity disregarded as separate from the Equityholder and the Equityholder is a U.S. Person. It has filed on a timely basis all federal and other material Tax returns (including foreign, state, local and otherwise) required to be filed, if any, and has paid all federal and other material Taxes due and payable by it and any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other Taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Official Body (other than any amount the validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the Borrower). No Lien or similar Adverse Claim has been filed, and no claim is being asserted, with respect to any Tax, assessment or other governmental charge. Any Taxes, fees and other governmental charges payable by the Borrower in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby including the transfer of each Collateral Obligation and the Related Security to the Borrower have been paid or shall have been paid if and when due at or prior to the Effective Date or the Advance Date, as applicable. 
 
 Section 9.12 Monthly Report . Each Monthly Report is accurate in all material respects as of the date thereof, subject, in the case of information contained therein (which shall include any statements and calculations to the extent such statements or calculations are inaccurate solely as a result of such information) received from any un-Affiliated third party, to the standard set forth in Section 9.14 with respect to information received from an un-Affiliated third party. 
 
 Section 9.13 No Liens, Etc. The Collateral and each part thereof is owned by the Borrower free and clear of any Adverse Claim (other than Permitted Liens) or restrictions on transferability and the Borrower has the full right, power and lawful authority to assign, transfer and pledge the same and interests therein, and upon the making of each Advance, the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, will have acquired a perfected, first priority and valid security interest (except, as to priority, for any Permitted Liens) in each Collateral Obligation and the other Collateral, free and clear of any Adverse Claim (other than Permitted Liens) or restrictions on transferability, to the extent (as to perfection and priority with respect to such other Collateral) that a security interest in such other Collateral may be perfected under the applicable UCC. The Borrower has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in or otherwise conveyed any of the Collateral and no effective financing statement (other than with respect to Permitted Liens) or other instrument similar in effect naming or purportedly naming the Borrower or any of its Affiliates as debtor and covering all or any part of the Collateral is on file in any recording office, except such as may have been filed in favor of the Collateral Agent as Secured Party pursuant hereto or as necessary or advisable in connection with the Sale Agreement. There are no judgments or Liens for Taxes with respect to the Borrower and no claim has been asserted with respect to the Taxes of the Borrower. 
 
 Section 9.14 Information True and Correct . All information (other than projections, forward-looking information or information relating to third parties that are not Affiliates of the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer) heretofore or hereafter furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower in writing to any Lender, the Collateral Agent or the Facility Agent in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby is and will be (when taken as a whole) true and correct in all material respects (or if not prepared by or under the direction of the Borrower, is true and correct in all material respects to the Borrower s knowledge) and does not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (taken as a whole) not misleading (or, if not prepared by or under the direction of the Borrower, does not omit to state such a fact to the Borrower s knowledge). Any projections heretofore prepared by the Borrower or its Affiliates and furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower in writing to any Lender, the Collateral Agent or the Facility Agent in connection with this 
 
 - 82 - 
 
 Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby have been prepared in good faith based on assumptions that the Servicer or its Affiliates, as applicable, believes to be reasonable. With respect to any information received from any un-Affiliated third party, the Borrower (i) will not furnish (and has not furnished) any such information to any Lender, the Collateral Agent, or the Facility Agent in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby that it knows (or knew) to be incorrect at the time such information is (or was) furnished in any material respect and (ii) has informed (or will inform) the applicable Lender, the Collateral Agent, or the Facility Agent, as applicable, of any such information which it found to be incorrect in any material respect after such information was furnished. 
 
 Section 9.15 Bulk Sales . The grant of the security interest in the Collateral by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, pursuant to this Agreement, is in the ordinary course of business for the Borrower and is not subject to the bulk transfer or any similar statutory provisions in effect in any applicable jurisdiction. 
 
 Section 9.16 Collateral . Except as otherwise expressly permitted or required by the terms of this Agreement, no item of Collateral has been sold, transferred, assigned or pledged by the Borrower to any Person. 
 
 Section 9.17 Selection Procedures . In selecting the Collateral Obligations hereunder and for Affiliates of the Borrower, no selection procedures were employed which are intended to be adverse to the interests of the Facility Agent, any Agent or any Lender. 
 
 Section 9.18 Indebtedness . The Borrower has no Indebtedness or other indebtedness, secured or unsecured, direct or contingent (including guaranteeing any obligation), other than (i) Indebtedness incurred under the terms of the Transaction Documents and (ii) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to certain ordinary business expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 
 Section 9.19 No Injunctions . No injunction, writ, restraining order or other order of any nature adversely affects the performance of its obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which it is a party. 
 
 Section 9.20 No Subsidiaries . The Borrower has no Subsidiaries other than any REO Asset Owners. 
 
 Section 9.21 ERISA Matters . 
 
 (a) The Borrower does not sponsor, maintain, or contribute to, and has never sponsored, maintained, or contributed to, and, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no ERISA Affiliate sponsors, maintains, contributes to, or has any liability in respect of, or has ever sponsored, maintained, contributed to, or had any liability in respect of, a Plan. 
 
 (b) No ERISA Event has occurred on or prior to the date that this representation is made or deemed made that, whether alone or together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (c) The Borrower is not, and will not become at any time while any Obligations are outstanding, a Benefit Plan Investor. 
 
 Section 9.22 Investment Company Status . The Borrower is not an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company, as such terms are defined in the 1940 Act. 

- 83 - 
 
 Section 9.23 Set-Off, Etc. No Collateral Obligation has been compromised, adjusted, extended, satisfied, subordinated, rescinded, set-off or modified by the Borrower or the Obligor thereof, and no Collateral is subject to compromise, adjustment, extension, satisfaction, subordination, rescission, set-off, counterclaim, defense, abatement, suspension, deferment, deduction, reduction, termination or modification, whether arising out of transactions concerning the Collateral or otherwise, by the Borrower or the Obligor with respect thereto, except, in each case, pursuant to the Transaction Documents and for amendments, extensions and modifications, if any, to such Collateral otherwise permitted hereby and in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 
 
 Section 9.24 Collections . The Borrower acknowledges that (i) each Obligor, or in the case of any agented Collateral Obligation, the applicable administrative agent, collateral agent, or equivalent Person has been directed to make all payments directly to the Collection Account and (ii) all Collections received by it or its Affiliates with respect to the Collateral pledged hereunder are held and shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties until deposited into the applicable Collection Account in accordance with Section 10.10. 
 
 Section 9.25 Value Given . The Borrower has given fair consideration and reasonably equivalent value to the Equityholder in exchange for the purchase of the Collateral Obligations (or any number of them). No such transfer has been made for or on account of an antecedent debt and no such transfer is or may be voidable or subject to avoidance under any section of the Bankruptcy Code. 
 
 Section 9.26 Use of Proceeds . The Borrower is not engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock and none of the proceeds of the Advances will be used, directly or indirectly, for a purpose that violates Regulation T, Regulation U, Regulation X or any other regulation promulgated by the FRS Board from time to time. 
 
 Section 9.27 Separate Existence . The Borrower is operated as an entity with assets and liabilities distinct from those of any of its Affiliates or any Affiliates of the Equityholder, and the Borrower hereby acknowledges that the Facility Agent, each of the Agents and each of the Lenders are entering into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in reliance upon the Borrower s identity as a separate legal entity. Since its formation, the Borrower has been (and will be) operated in such a manner as to comply with the covenants set forth in Section 10.5 . 
 
 There is not now, nor will there be at any time in the future, any agreement or understanding between the Borrower and the Equityholder (other than as expressly set forth herein and the other Transaction Documents) providing for the allocation or sharing of obligations to make payments or otherwise in respect of any Taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges. 
 
 Section 9.28 Transaction Documents . The Transaction Documents delivered, together with the Constituent Documents of the Borrower, to the Facility Agent represent all material agreements between the Equityholder, on the one hand, and the Borrower, on the other. Upon the purchase and/or contribution of each Collateral Obligation (or an interest in a Collateral Obligation) pursuant to the this Agreement or the Sale Agreement, the Borrower shall be the lawful owner of, and have good title to, such Collateral Obligation and all assets relating thereto, free and clear of any Adverse Claim; provided that, with respect to any Assigned Participation Interest purchased by the Borrower, the Borrower shall not be the record owner of the underlying Collateral Obligation until such Assigned Participation Interest has been elevated in accordance with the terms hereof. All such assets are transferred to the Borrower without recourse to the Equityholder except as described in the Sale Agreement. The purchases of such assets by the Borrower constitute valid and true sales for consideration (and not merely a pledge of such assets for security purposes) and the contributions of such assets received by the Borrower constitute valid and true transfers for consideration, each enforceable against creditors of the Equityholder, and no such assets shall constitute property of the Equityholder; provided that, with respect 
 
 - 84 - 
 
 to any Assigned Participation Interest purchased by the Borrower, the Borrower shall not be the record owner of the underlying Collateral Obligation until such Assigned Participation Interest has been elevated in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 
 Section 9.29 EEA/UK Financial Institution . The Borrower is not an EEA Financial Institution or a UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Section 9.30 Anti-Terrorism, Anti-Money Laundering . (a) Neither the Borrower nor any Affiliate, officer, employee or director, acting on behalf of the Borrower (i) is (A) a country, territory, organization, person or entity named on any sanctions list administered or imposed by the U.S. Government including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Asset Control OFAC list, or any other list maintained for the purposes of sanctions enforcement by any of the United Nations, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury in the UK, Germany, Canada, Australia, and any other country or multilateral organization (collectively, Sanctions ), including but not limited to , Afghanistan, Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, and the Crimea region in Ukraine, the Donetsk People s Republic , the Luhansk People s Republic and Syria (the Sanctioned Countries ); (B) a Person that resides, is organized or located in any of the Sanctioned Countries or which is designated as a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction by the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, or whose subscription funds are transferred from or through such a jurisdiction or any Sanctioned Countries; or (C) owned 50 or more or otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly by, or acting on behalf of, one or more Person defined in either of the preceding clauses (A) or (B) (along with Persons defined in clauses (A) and (B), collectively, a Sanction Target ); (ii) is a Foreign Shell Bank within the meaning of the USA Patriot Act, i.e., a foreign bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and that is not affiliated with a bank that has a physical presence and an acceptable level of regulation and supervision; or (iii) is a person or entity that resides in or is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction designated by the United States Secretary of the Treasury under Sections 311 or 312 of the USA Patriot Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering concerns. The Borrower is and each Affiliate, officer, employee or director, acting on behalf of the Borrower is (and is taking no action which would result in any such Person not being) in compliance with (a) all OFAC rules and regulations, (b) all United States of America, United Kingdom, United Nations, European Union, German, Canadian, Australian and all other sanctions, embargos and trade restrictions that the Borrower or any of its Affiliates is subject and (c) the Anti-Money Laundering Laws. In addition, the described purpose trade related business activities does not include any kind of activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that is subject to or the target of any sanctions administered by the U.S. Government, OFAC, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Germany, Canada, Australia or the United Nations Security Council (including the Sanctioned Countries) and does not involve commodities or services of a Sanctioned Country origin or shipped to, through or from a Sanctioned Country, or on vessels or aircrafts owned or registered by a Sanctioned Country, or financed or subsidized any of the foregoing. 
 
 (b) The Borrower has complied, in all material respects, with all applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including without limitation the USA Patriot Act (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws ). No actions, suits, proceedings or investigations by any court, governmental, or regulatory agency are ongoing or pending against the Borrower, its directors, officers or employees or anyone acting on its behalf in relation to a breach of the Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened. 
 
 Section 9.31 Anti-Bribery and Corruption . (a) Neither the Borrower nor, to the best of the Borrower s knowledge, any director, officer, employee, or anyone acting on behalf of the Borrower has engaged in any activity, or will take any action, directly or indirectly, which would breach applicable anti-bribery and corruption laws and regulations, including but not limited to the US Foreign and Corrupt Practices Act 1977, as amended, and the Bribery Act 2010 of the United Kingdom (the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws ). 

- 85 - 
 
 (b) The Borrower and its Affiliates have each conducted their businesses in compliance with Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and ensure continued compliance with all Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws and with the representation and warranty contained herein. 
 
 (c) No actions, suits, proceedings or investigations by any court, governmental, or regulatory agency are ongoing or pending against the Borrower, its directors, officers or employees or anyone acting on its behalf in relation to a breach of the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened. 
 
 (d) The Borrower will not directly or indirectly use, lend or contribute the proceeds of the Advances for any purpose that would breach the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws. 
 
 Section 9.32 Volcker Rule . To the best of the Borrower s knowledge and belief, the Advances do not constitute an ownership interest in the Borrower for purposes of the Volcker Rule. 
 
 Section 9.33 AIFMD . The Borrower is not (i) an AIFM or (ii) an AIF managed by an AIFM (as such term is defined in the AIFMD) required to be authorized or registered in accordance with AIFMD. The Borrower is not (i) an AIFM or (ii) an AIF managed by an AIFM (as such term is defined in the UK AIFM Regulations) required to be authorized or registered in accordance with the UK AIFM Regulations. 
 
 ARTICLE X 
 
 COVENANTS 
 
 From the date hereof until the first day following the Facility Termination Date on which all Obligations shall have been finally and fully paid and performed (other than as expressly survive the termination of this Agreement), the Borrower hereby covenants and agrees with the Lenders, the Agents and the Facility Agent that: 
 
 Section 10.1 Protection of Security Interest of the Secured Parties . (a) At or prior to the Effective Date, the Borrower shall have filed or caused to be filed a UCC-1 financing statement, naming the Borrower as debtor and the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) as secured party and describing the Collateral, with the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. From time to time thereafter, the Borrower shall file such financing statements and cause to be filed such continuation statements, all in such manner and in such places as may be required by Applicable Law fully to preserve, maintain and protect the interest of the Collateral Agent in favor of the Secured Parties under this Agreement in the Collateral and in the proceeds thereof. The Borrower shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Collateral Agent file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document filed as provided above, as soon as available following such filing. In the event that the Borrower fails to perform its obligations under this subsection, the Collateral Agent or the Facility Agent may (but shall have no obligation to) do so, in each case at the expense of the Borrower, however neither the Collateral Agent nor the Facility Agent shall have any liability in connection therewith. 
 
 (b) The Borrower shall not change its name, jurisdiction, identity or corporate structure in any manner that would make any financing statement or continuation statement filed by or on behalf of the Borrower in accordance with Section 10.1(a) above seriously misleading or change its jurisdiction of organization, unless the Borrower shall have given the Facility Agent and the Collateral Agent at least 30 days prior written notice thereof, and shall promptly file appropriate amendments to all previously filed financing statements and continuation statements (and shall provide a copy of such amendments to the Collateral Agent and Facility Agent together with an Officer s Certificate to the effect that all appropriate amendments or other documents in respect of previously filed statements have been filed). 
 
 - 86 - 

(c) The Borrower shall maintain its computer systems, if any, so that, from and after the time of the first Advance under this Agreement, the Borrower s master computer records (including archives) that shall refer to the Collateral indicate clearly that such Collateral is subject to the first priority security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. Indication of the Collateral Agent s (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) security interest shall be deleted from or modified on the Borrower s computer systems when, and only when, the Collateral in question shall have been paid in full, the security interest under this Agreement has been released in accordance with its terms, upon such Collateral Obligation becoming a Repurchased Collateral Obligation or Substituted Collateral Obligation, or otherwise as expressly permitted by this Agreement. 
 
 (d) Without limiting any of the other provisions hereof, if at any time the Borrower shall propose to sell, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer any interest in loan receivables to any prospective lender or other transferee, the Borrower shall give to such prospective lender or other transferee computer tapes, records, or print-outs (including any restored from archives) that, if they shall refer in any manner whatsoever to any Collateral shall indicate clearly that such Collateral is subject to a first priority security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 
 Section 10.2 Other Liens or Interests . Except for the security interest granted hereunder and as otherwise permitted pursuant to Sections 7.10, 7.11 and 10.16 , the Borrower will not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on the Collateral or any interest therein (other than Permitted Liens), and the Borrower shall defend the right, title, and interest of the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) and the Lenders in and to the Collateral against all claims of third parties claiming through or under the Borrower (other than Permitted Liens). 
 
 Section 10.3 Costs and Expenses . The Borrower shall pay (or cause to be paid) all of its reasonable costs and disbursements in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and under the Transaction Documents. 
 
 Section 10.4 Reporting Requirements . The Borrower shall furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender: 
 
 (a) as soon as possible and in any event within two Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall have knowledge of the occurrence of an Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default, Servicer Default or Unmatured Servicer Default, the statement of an Executive Officer of the Borrower setting forth complete details of such event and the action which the Borrower has taken, is taking and proposes to take with respect thereto; 
 
 (b) promptly, from time to time, such other information, documents, records or reports respecting the Collateral Obligations or the Related Security, the other Collateral or the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower as such Person may, from time to time, reasonably request; 
 
 (c) notification of, in reasonable detail, of (i) any Adverse Claim known to it that is made or asserted against any of the Collateral, (ii) any Revaluation Event and (iii) any Material Modification, in each case promptly upon a Responsible Officer of the Borrower having knowledge thereof; 
 
 (d) promptly, in reasonable detail, any new or updated information reasonably requested by a Lender in connection with know your customer laws or any similar regulations; and 

- 87 - 
 
 (e) promptly following any request therefor, the Borrower shall deliver to the Facility Agent information and documentation reasonably requested by the Facility Agent for purposes of compliance with its Beneficial Ownership Certification. 
 
 Section 10.5 Separate Existence . (a) The Borrower shall conduct its business solely in its own name through its duly authorized officers or agents so as not to mislead others as to the identity of the entity with which such persons are concerned, and shall use its best efforts to avoid the appearance that it is conducting business on behalf of any Affiliate thereof or that the assets of the Borrower are available to pay the creditors of any of its equityholders or any Affiliate thereof. 
 
 (b) It shall maintain records and books of account separate from those of any other Person. 
 
 (c) It shall pay its own operating expenses and liabilities from its own funds. 
 
 (d) It shall ensure that the annual financial statements of the Borrower and the Equityholder shall disclose the effects of the transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 (e) It shall not hold itself out as being liable for the debts of any other Person. It shall not pledge its assets to secure the obligations of any other Person. It shall not guarantee any obligation of any Person, including any Affiliate or become obligated for the debts of any other Person or hold out its credit or assets as being available to pay the obligations of any other Person. 
 
 (f) It shall keep its assets and liabilities separate from those of all other entities. Except as expressly contemplated herein with respect to (i) Excluded Amounts and (ii) each Agent Account, it shall not commingle its assets with assets of any other Person. 
 
 (g) It shall maintain bank accounts or other depository accounts separate from any other person or entity, including any Affiliate. 
 
 (h) To the extent required under GAAP, it shall ensure that any consolidated financial statements including the Borrower, if any, have notes to the effect that the Borrower is a separate entity whose creditors have a claim on its assets prior to those assets becoming available to its equityholders. 
 
 (i) It shall not (A) amend, supplement or otherwise modify its Constituent Documents, except in accordance therewith and with the prior written consent of the Facility Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) or (B) divide or permit any division of itself. 
 
 (j) It shall at all times hold itself out to the public and all other Persons as separate from its Affiliates and from any other Person. 
 
 (k) It shall file its own tax returns separate from those of any other Person, except to the extent that it is treated as a disregarded entity for tax purposes and is not required to file tax returns under Applicable Law, and shall pay any taxes required to be paid under Applicable Law. 
 
 (l) It shall conduct its business only in its own name and comply with all organizational formalities necessary to maintain its separate existence. 
 
 (m) It shall maintain separate financial statements, showing its assets and liabilities separate and apart from those of any other Person and not have its assets listed on any financial statement of any other Person; provided , that its assets may be included in a consolidated financial statement of its Affiliate so long 
 
 - 88 - 
 
 as (i) appropriate notation shall be made on such consolidated financial statements (if any) to indicate its separateness from such Affiliate and to indicate that its assets and credit are not available to satisfy the debts and other obligations of such Affiliate or any other Person and (ii) such assets shall also be listed on its own separate balance sheet. 
 
 (n) It shall not, except for capital contributions or capital distributions permitted under the terms and conditions of its Constituent Documents and properly reflected on its books and records, enter into any transaction with an Affiliate except on commercially reasonable terms similar to those available to unaffiliated parties in an arm s-length transaction. 
 
 (o) It shall maintain a sufficient number of employees (which number may be zero) in light of its contemplated business purpose and pay the salaries of its own employees, if any, only from its own funds. 
 
 (p) It shall use separate invoices bearing its own name. 
 
 (q) It shall correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity and not identify itself as a department or division of any other Person. 
 
 (r) It shall maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business purpose, transactions and liabilities; provided, however , that the foregoing shall not require its equityholders to make additional capital contributions. 
 
 (s) It shall not acquire any obligation or securities of its members or of any Affiliate other than the Collateral in compliance with the Transaction Documents. 
 
 (t) It shall not make or permit to remain outstanding any loan or advance to, or own or acquire any stock or securities of, any Person, except that it may invest in those investments permitted under the Transaction Documents and may hold the equity of REO Asset Owners. 
 
 (u) It shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, engage in any dissolution, liquidation, consolidation, merger, sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets other than such activities as are expressly permitted pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
 
 (v) It shall not buy or hold evidence of indebtedness issued by any other Person (other than cash or investment-grade securities), except as expressly contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 
 
 (w) Except as expressly permitted by the Transaction Documents (which permits the formation of REO Asset Owners), it shall not form, acquire or hold any subsidiary (whether corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other) or own any equity interest in any other entity. 
 
 (x) It shall not own any asset or property other than Collateral and such other financial assets as permitted by the Transaction Documents. 
 
 (y) It shall not engage, directly or indirectly, in any business other than as required or permitted to be performed by the Transaction Documents. 
 
 (z) It shall allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead expenses that are shared with any of its Affiliates, including for shared office space and for services performed by an employee of any Affiliate. 

- 89 - 
 
 (aa) Neither the Borrower nor the Equityholder shall take any action contrary to the Assumptions and Facts section in the opinion or opinions of Eversheds Sutherland (US) LLP, dated the date hereof, relating to certain nonconsolidation and true sale matters. 
 
 (bb) Neither the Servicer nor any other person shall be authorized or empowered, nor shall they permit the Borrower to take any Material Action without the prior unanimous written consent of the Independent Manager. The Constituent Documents of the Borrower shall include the following provisions: (a) at all times there shall be, and Borrower shall cause there to be, at least one Independent Manager; (b) the Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of the Independent Manager, on behalf of itself or Borrower, take any Material Action or any action that might cause such entity to become insolvent, and when voting with respect to such matters, the Independent Manager shall consider only the interests of the Borrower, including its creditors; and (d) the Independent Manager of the Borrower may not be removed or replaced unless the Borrower provides Lender with not less than five (5) Business Days prior written notice of (i) any proposed removal of the Independent Manager, together with a statement as to the reasons for such removal, and (ii) the identity of the proposed replacement Independent Manager, together with a certification that such replacement satisfies the requirements set forth in the organizational documents of the Borrower for the Independent Manager. No resignation or removal of the Independent Manager shall be effective until a successor Independent Manager is appointed and has accepted his or her appointment. The Independent Manager may not be removed other than for Cause. 
 
 Section 10.6 Hedging Agreements . (a) With respect to any Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation (other than any Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation (or portion thereof) not counted as excess pursuant to clause (d) of the definition of Excess Concentration Amount ), the Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that, upon the direction of the Facility Agent in its sole discretion as notified to the Borrower and the Servicer on or prior to the related Funding Date for such Collateral Obligation, the Borrower shall obtain and deliver to the Collateral Agent (with a copy to the Facility Agent) one or more Hedging Agreements from qualified Hedge Counterparties having, singly or in the aggregate, an Aggregate Notional Amount not less than the amount determined by the Facility Agent in its reasonable discretion, which (1) shall each have a notional principal amount equal to or greater than the lesser of (I) the Principal Balance of such Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation and (II) 1,000,000, (2) may provide for reductions of the Aggregate Notional Amount on each Distribution Date on an amortization schedule for such Aggregate Notional Amount assuming a 0.0 ABS prepayment speed (or such other ABS prepayment speed as may be approved in writing by the Facility Agent) and zero losses, and (3) shall have other terms and conditions and be represented by Hedging Agreements otherwise acceptable to the Facility Agent in its sole discretion. 
 
 (b) In the event that any Hedge Counterparty defaults in its obligation to make a payment to the Borrower under one or more Hedging Agreements on any date on which payments are due pursuant to a Hedging Agreement, the Borrower shall make a demand no later than the Business Day following such default on such Hedge Counterparty, or any guarantor, if applicable, demanding payment under the applicable Hedging Agreement in accordance with the terms of such Hedging Agreement. The Borrower shall give notice to the Lenders upon the continuing failure by any Hedge Counterparty to perform its obligations during the two Business Days following a demand made by the Borrower on such Hedge Counterparty, and shall take such action with respect to such continuing failure as may be directed by the Facility Agent. 
 
 (c) In the event that any Hedge Counterparty no longer maintains the ratings specified in the definition of Hedge Counterparty, then within 30 days after receiving notice of such decline in the creditworthiness of such Hedge Counterparty as determined by any Rating Agency, the Borrower shall provide the Hedge Counterparty notice of the potential termination event resulting from such downgrade and, if the Hedge Counterparty fails to cure such potential termination event within the time frame specified in the related Hedging Agreement, the Borrower shall, at the written direction of the Facility Agent, (i) provided that a Replacement 
 
 - 90 - 
 
 Hedging Agreement or Qualified Substitute Arrangement meeting the requirements of Section 10.6(d) has been obtained, (A) provide written notice to such Hedge Counterparty (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Facility Agent) of its intention to terminate the applicable Hedging Agreement within the 30-day period following the expiration of the cure period set forth in the applicable Hedging Agreement and (B) terminate the applicable Hedging Agreement within such 30-day period, request the payment to it of all amounts due to the Borrower under the applicable Hedging Agreement through the termination date and deposit any such amounts so received, on the day of receipt, to the Collection Account, or (ii) establish any other arrangement (including an arrangement or arrangements in addition to or in substitution for any prior arrangement made in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10.6(c) with the written consent (in its sole discretion) of the Facility Agent (a Qualified Substitute Arrangement ); provided , that in the event at any time any alternative arrangement established pursuant to the above shall cease to be satisfactory to the Facility Agent, then the provisions of this Section 10.6(c) , shall again be applied and in connection therewith the 30-day period referred to above shall commence on the date the Borrower receives notice of such cessation or termination, as the case may be. 
 
 (d) Unless an alternative arrangement pursuant to Section 10.6(c) is being established, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to obtain a Replacement Hedging Agreement or Qualified Substitute Arrangement meeting the requirements of this Section 10.6 during the 30-day period following the expiration of the cure period set forth in the applicable Hedging Agreement. The Borrower shall not terminate the Hedging Agreement unless, prior to the expiration of such 30-day period, the Borrower delivers to the Collateral Agent (with a copy to the Facility Agent) (i) a Replacement Hedging Agreement or Qualified Substitute Arrangement, 
 (ii) to the extent applicable, an Opinion of Counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent as to the due authorization, execution and delivery and validity and enforceability of such Replacement Hedging Agreement or Qualified Substitute Arrangement, as the case may be, and (iii) evidence that the Facility Agent has consented in writing to the termination of the applicable Hedging Agreement and its replacement with such Replacement Hedging Agreement or Qualified Substitute Arrangement. 
 
 (e) The Servicer or the Borrower shall notify the Facility Agent and the Collateral Agent within five Business Days after a Responsible Officer of such Person shall obtain knowledge that the senior unsecured debt rating of a Hedge Counterparty has been withdrawn or reduced by any Rating Agency. 
 
 (f) The Borrower may at any time obtain a Replacement Hedging Agreement with the consent (in its sole discretion) of the Facility Agent. 
 
 (g) The Borrower shall not agree to any amendment to any Hedging Agreement without the consent (in its sole discretion) of the Facility Agent. 
 
 (h) The Borrower shall notify the Facility Agent and the Collateral Agent after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall obtain actual knowledge of the transfer by the related Hedge Counterparty of any Hedging Agreement, or any interest or obligation thereunder. 
 
 (i) The Borrower, with the consent of the Facility Agent in its sole discretion, may sell all or a portion of the Hedging Agreements. The Borrower shall have the duty of obtaining a fair market value price for the sale of any Hedging Agreement, notifying the Facility Agent and the Collateral Agent of prospective purchasers and bids, and selecting the purchaser of such Hedging Agreement. The Borrower and, at the Borrower s request, the Collateral Agent, upon receipt of the purchase price in the Collection Account shall, with the prior written consent of the Facility Agent, execute all documentation necessary to release the Lien of the Collateral Agent on such Hedging Agreement and proceeds thereof. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10.6 , the parties hereto agree that should the Borrower fail to observe or perform any of its obligations under this Section 10.6 with respect to any Hedging 
 
 - 91 - 
 
 Agreement, the sole result will be that the Collateral Obligation or Collateral Obligations that are the subject of such Hedging Agreement shall immediately cease to be Eligible Collateral Obligations for all purposes under this Agreement. 
 
 Section 10.7 Tangible Net Worth . The Borrower shall maintain at all times a positive Tangible Net Worth. 
 
 Section 10.8 Taxes . For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Borrower will be an entity disregarded as separate from the Equityholder and the Equityholder will be a U.S. Person. The Borrower will file on a timely basis all Tax returns (including foreign, federal, state, local and otherwise) required to be filed, if any, and will pay all Taxes due and payable by it and any assessments made against it or any of its property (other than any amount the validity of which is contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP are provided on the books of the Borrower). No more than 50 of the debt obligations (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by the Borrower may at any time consist of real estate mortgages as determined for purposes Section 7701(i) of the Code unless, based on written advice of Cadwalader, Wickersham Taft LLP, Eversheds Sutherland (US) LLP or an opinion of other tax counsel of nationally recognized standing in the United States experienced in such matters, the ownership of such debt obligations will not cause the Borrower to be treated as a taxable mortgage pool for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 Section 10.9 Merger, Consolidation, Etc. The Borrower shall not merge or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to become the successor to all or substantially all of its business or assets without the prior written consent of the Facility Agent in its sole discretion. 
 
 Section 10.10 Deposit of Collections . The Borrower (i) shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, all Collections to the Collection Account by the close of business on the second Business Day following the date such Collections are received by the Borrower, the Equityholder, the Servicer or any of their respective Affiliates and (ii) with respect to MSD Agented Loans only, shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, all Collections on deposit in any Agent Account to the Collection Account within two (2) Business Days following the date such Collections are received in such Agent Account. 
 
 Section 10.11 Indebtedness; Guarantees . The Borrower shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other than Indebtedness permitted under the Transaction Documents. The Borrower shall incur no Indebtedness secured by the Collateral other than the Obligations. The Borrower shall not assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise be or become directly or contingently liable for the obligations of any Person by, among other things, agreeing to purchase any obligation of another Person, agreeing to advance funds to such Person or causing or assisting such Person to maintain any amount of capital, other than as expressly permitted under the Transaction Documents. 
 
 Section 10.12 Limitation on Purchases from Affiliates . Other than pursuant to the Sale Agreement, the Borrower shall not purchase any asset from the Equityholder or the Servicer or any Affiliate of the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer. 
 
 Section 10.13 Transaction Documents . Except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, it shall not cancel or terminate any of the Transaction Documents to which it is party (in any capacity), or consent to or accept any cancellation or termination of any of such agreements, or amend or otherwise modify any term or condition of any of the Transaction Documents to which it is party (in any capacity) or give any consent, waiver or approval under any such agreement, or waive any default under or breach of any of the Transaction Documents to which it is party (in any capacity) or take any other action under any such agreement not required by the terms thereof, unless (in each case) the Facility Agent shall have consented thereto in its sole discretion. 

- 92 - 
 
 Section 10.14 Preservation of Existence . The Borrower shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to (i) preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence as a limited liability company and take all reasonable action to maintain its rights and franchises in the jurisdiction of its formation and (ii) qualify and remain qualified as a limited liability company in good standing in each jurisdiction where the failure to qualify and remain qualified would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 10.15 Limitation on Investments . The Borrower shall not form, or cause to be formed, any Subsidiaries other than REO Asset Owners; or make or suffer to exist any loans or advances to, or extend any credit to, or make any investments (by way of transfer of property, contributions to capital, purchase of stock or securities or evidences of indebtedness, acquisition of the business or assets, or otherwise) in, any Affiliate or any other Person except investments as otherwise permitted herein and pursuant to the other Transaction Documents. 
 
 Section 10.16 Distributions . (a) The Borrower shall not declare or make (i) payment of any distribution on or in respect of any equity interests, or (ii) any payment on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement or acquisition of any option, warrant or other right to acquire such equity interests; provided that so long as no Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default, Unmatured Servicer Default or Servicer Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrower may make a distribution of (A) amounts paid to it pursuant to Section 8.3(a) on the applicable Distribution Date (but any such distribution of Principal Collections shall be included in the 10 limitation set forth in clause (C) below), (B) the proceeds of any Advance received with respect to any Eligible Collateral Obligation the acquisition of which was fully funded by capital contribution from the Equityholder in advance of receipt of such Advances hereunder, (C) during any 12 month period during the Revolving Period, Principal Collections (excluding any Principal Collections necessary to settle the acquisition of Eligible Collateral Obligations) or proceeds of any Advance equal to 10 of the average Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Amount on each day of such 12 month period if, as certified in writing by the Borrower and the Servicer to the Facility Agent, in each case both before and immediately after giving effect to such distribution, (x) sufficient proceeds remain for all payments to be made pursuant to Section 8.3(a) (other than clauses (i)(N) and (ii)(J) thereof) on the next Distribution Date, (y) each Collateral Quality Test and the Minimum Equity Test are satisfied and (z) the aggregate principal amount of all Advances outstanding hereunder shall not exceed the Borrowing Base or the Maximum Availability, and (D) Collateral Obligations pursuant to Section 7.10(iv)(y). 
 
 (b) Prior to foreclosure by the Facility Agent upon any Collateral pursuant to Section 13.3(c), nothing in this Section 10.16 or otherwise in this Agreement shall restrict the Borrower from exercising any Warrant Assets issued to it by Obligors from time to time to the extent funds are available to the Borrower under Section 8.3(a) or made available to the Borrower. 
 
 Section 10.17 Performance of Borrower Assigned Agreements . The Borrower shall (i) perform and observe in all material respects all the terms and provisions of the Transaction Documents (including each of the Borrower Assigned Agreements) to which it is a party to be performed or observed by it, maintain such Transaction Documents in full force and effect, and enforce such Transaction Documents in accordance with their terms, and (ii) upon reasonable request of the Facility Agent, make to any other party to such Transaction Documents such demands and requests for information and reports or for action as the Borrower is entitled to make thereunder. 
 
 Section 10.18 Further Assurances; Financing Statements . (a) The Borrower agrees that at any time and from time to time, at its expense and upon reasonable request of the Facility Agent or the Collateral Agent, it shall promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all reasonable further action, that is necessary or desirable to perfect and protect the assignments and security interests granted or purported to be granted by this Agreement or to enable the Collateral Agent or any of the Secured Parties to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies under this Agreement with respect to any Collateral. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower authorizes the filing of such financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto, 
 
 - 93 - 
 
 and such other instruments or notices as may be necessary or desirable or that the Collateral Agent (acting solely at the Facility Agent s request) may reasonably request to protect and preserve the assignments and security interests granted by this Agreement. Such financing statements filed against the Borrower may describe the Collateral in the same manner specified in Section 12.1 or in any other manner as the Facility Agent may reasonably determine is necessary to ensure the perfection of such security interest (without disclosing the names of, or any information relating to, the Obligors thereunder), including describing such property as all assets or all personal property of the Borrower whether now owned or hereafter acquired. 
 
 (b) The Borrower and each Secured Party hereby severally authorize the Collateral Agent, upon receipt of written direction from the Facility Agent, to file one or more financing or continuation statements, and amendments thereto, relating to all or any part of the Collateral. 
 
 (c) It shall furnish to the Collateral Agent and the Facility Agent from time to time such statements and schedules further identifying and describing the Related Security and such other reports in connection with the Collateral as the Collateral Agent (acting solely at the Facility Agent s request) or the Facility Agent may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail. 
 
 Section 10.19 Obligor Payment Instructions . The Borrower acknowledges that the power of attorney granted in Section 13.10 to the Collateral Agent permits the Collateral Agent to send (at the Facility Agent s written direction after the occurrence of an Event of Default) Obligor notification forms to give notice to the Obligors of the Collateral Agent s interest in the Collateral and the obligation to make payments as directed by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Facility Agent). The Borrower further agrees that it shall (or it shall cause the Servicer to) provide prompt notice to the Facility Agent of any misdirected or errant payments made by any Obligor with respect to any Collateral Obligation and direct such Obligor to make payments as required hereunder. 
 
 Section 10.20 Delivery of Collateral Obligation Files . (a) The Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) shall deliver to the Collateral Custodian (with a copy to the Facility Agent at the following e-mail addresses (for electronic copies): amit.patel@db.com, erica.flor@db.com and peter.sabino@db.com) the Collateral Obligation Files identified on the related Document Checklist promptly upon receipt but in no event later than five (5) Business Days of the related Funding Date; provided that any file-stamped document included in any Collateral Obligation File shall be delivered as soon as they are reasonably available (even if not within five (5) Business Days of the related Funding Date). In addition, promptly following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Custodian (with a copy to the Facility Agent at the email addresses set forth above) a fully executed assignment in blank for each Collateral Obligation for which the Servicer, the Equityholder, the Investment Manager or any of their respective Affiliates is the loan agent. The Borrower shall maintain (or cause to be maintained) for the Secured Parties in accordance with their respective interests all Records that evidence or relate to the Collections not previously delivered to the Collateral Agent and shall, as soon as reasonably practicable upon demand of the Facility Agent, make available, or, upon the Facility Agent s demand following the occurrence and during the continuation of a Servicer Default, deliver to the Facility Agent copies of all such Records which evidence or relate to the Collections. 
 
 (b) The Borrower shall deliver the following: (i) all Asset Approval Requests to lenderfinance_collatreview@list.db.com, (ii) Monthly Reports delivered in connection with Section 8.5 to csg.india@db.com, abs.conduits@db.com, dbinvestor@list.db.com, amit.patel@db.com, erica.flor@db.com and peter.sabino@db.com, (iii) requests or notices delivered in accordance with Sections 2.2, 2.4 or 8.3(b) , to abs.conduits@db.com, lenderfinance_collatreview@list.db.com, amit.patel@db.com, erica.flor@db.com and peter.sabino@db.com and (iv) obligor reports delivered in connection with Section 7.5(l) to gcrt.ratingrequests@db.com and lenderfinance_collatreview@list.db.com. 

- 94 - 
 
 Section 10.21 ERISA . 
 
 (a) The Borrower will not become a Benefit Plan Investor at any time while any Obligations are outstanding. 
 
 (b) The Borrower will not take any action, or omit to take any action, which would give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406(a)(1)(B) of ERISA or Section 4975(c)(1)(B) of the Code that would subject any Lender to any tax, penalty, damages, or any other claim for relief under ERISA or the Code. 
 
 (c) The Borrower shall not sponsor, maintain, or contribute to, any Plan. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any ERISA Affiliate to, permit to exist any occurrence of any ERISA Event, and (ii) the Borrower shall not permit any ERISA Affiliate to sponsor, maintain, contribute to, or incur any liability in respect of, any Plan. 
 
 Section 10.22 Risk Retention . 
 
 (a) For so long as any Obligations are outstanding and any Lender is subject to the EU Securitization Rules, the Equityholder as an originator for purposes of the EU Securitization Rules, represents and undertakes that: (A) the Equityholder holds and will retain, on an on-going basis, a material net economic interest in the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, which shall not be less than 5 of the aggregate nominal value of all the Collateral Obligations (the Retained Economic Interest measured at the time of origination (being the occasion of each origination or acquisition of a Collateral Obligation by the Borrower); (B) the Retained Economic Interest takes the form of a first loss tranche in accordance with paragraph (d) of Article 6(3) of the EU Securitization Regulation as in force on the Effective Date, as represented by the Equityholder s limited liability company interest in the Borrower; (C) the Equityholder holds and will directly retain 100 of the equity interests in the Borrower; (D) the aggregate capital contributions made by the Equityholder with respect to its equity interests in the Borrower shall represent at least 5.0 of the aggregate of the nominal value of all the Collateral Obligations measured at the time of origination as described in (A) above; and (E) the Equityholder shall not, and it will procure that the Borrower shall not: (x) short, hedge or otherwise mitigate the credit risk arising from the Retained Economic Interest; or (y) sell, transfer or otherwise surrender all or part of the rights, benefits or obligations arising from the Retained Economic Interest, except (in each case) as permitted by the EU Securitization Rules. 
 
 (b) Each Monthly Report shall contain or be accompanied by a certification from the Equityholder containing a representation that all of the conditions undertakings set forth in clause (a) above are true being complied with, and have been true complied with up to and on each date of the related Collection Accrual Period. The Equityholder shall provide to the Facility Agent and/or any Lender that is subject to the EU Securitization Rules : (an Affected Lender ): (A) prompt written notice of any breach of the obligations set forth in clause Section 10.22 (a above; ); and (B) at the request of an Affected Lender, confirmation in writing that all of the conditions undertakings set forth in clause Section 10.22 (a) above continue to be complied with (x) in the event of a material change in the structure of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement structure that could have a material impact onmaterially impacts the performance of the Advances Collateral Obligations or the risk characteristics of the Collateral Obligations Advances and the Advances Collateral Obligations ; and (y) upon the occurrence of any Event of Default or becoming aware of any breach Unmatured Event of Default. The Equityholder will promptly upon request by the obligations contained in Facility Agent and/or any Transaction Documents; and (C) Affected Lender, at the Equityholder s own cost and expense, provide all information, documents , and reports and notifications which an Affected Lender may require in order that any such entity requests in connection the Affected Lender may comply with its obligations under the EU Securitization Rules, but only including without limitation, any information, documentation or reports that the Affected Lender requires 
 
 - 95 - 
 
 for the purposes of Article 5(1)(e) of the EU Securitization Regulation, in such form, in such manner and at such times as prescribed by the Article 7 Transparency and Reporting Requirements, provided that the EU Retention Holder will not be required to the extent the same provide any information, documents or reports that is not /are subject to contractually binding confidentiality requirements or laws governing the protection of confidentiality of information and the processing of personal data (all such information being referred to as Restricted Information ), or unless if it is Restricted Information and that cannot be anonymized or aggregated, the Facility Agent and/or any such the Affected Lender enters into a confidentiality agreement reasonably acceptable to the Equityholder. 
 
 (c) The Equityholder represents and undertakes with respect to each Collateral Obligation that (i) the Equityholder itself or through related entities (including without limitation the Borrower), directly or indirectly, was involved in the Underlying Instrument which created such Collateral Obligation Equityholder Originated Collateral Obligation ); or (ii) the Equityholder purchased such Collateral Obligation for its own account either directly or indirectly through the Borrower prior to the Collateral Obligation being pledged to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties as provided in this Agreement, in each case as contemplated by Article 2(3) of the EU Securitization Regulation. 
 
 (d) The Equityholder represents and undertakes that: (A) its direct holding of the equity interests of the Borrower was duly approved in accordance with its governing documents and investment policies; (B) the Borrower is consolidated with the Equityholder for accounting purposes; and (C) acting through its investment advisor, MSD Partners, L.P. (the Investment Manager ), the Equityholder established the transaction contemplated by the Transaction Documents by: (x) causing the formation of the Borrower as a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary; (y) approving the eligibility criteria for the origination and acquisition of Collateral Obligations; and (z) determining the transaction structure and negotiating the Transaction Documents with the various transaction parties. 
 
 (e) The Equityholder (A) was not established for, and does not operate for, the sole purpose of securitizing exposures; (B) has , and reasonably expects to continue to have, a strategy and the capacity to meet its payment obligations consistent with a broader business enterprisemodel that involves material support from capital, assets, fees or other sources of income, by virtue of which it does not rely on the Collateral Obligations or the Retained Economic Interest and any related corresponding income as its sole or predominate source of revenue ; and (C) has , and reasonably expects to continue to retain, experienced decision makers to enable the Equityholder to pursue its established business strategy and it maintains an adequate corporate governance structure. 
 
 (f) The Equityholder represents and undertakes that: (A) the Equityholder Originated Collateral Obligations have been, and will continue to be, originated pursuant to a sound and well-defined criteria and clearly established processes for approving, amending, modifying, renewing and financing the Underlying Instruments related to such Collateral Obligations and the Equityholder has, and it shall maintain effective systems in place to apply those criteria and processes to ensure that such Underlying Instruments are granted and approved based on a thorough assessment of each Obligor s creditworthiness; and (B) in relation to each other Collateral Obligation acquired by the Borrower, the entity that was, directly or indirectly, involved in the Underlying Instruments which created such Collateral Obligations granted such Underlying Instruments pursuant to a sound and well-defined criteria and clearly established processes for approving, amending, modifying, renewing and financing the Underlying Instruments and it had effective systems in place to apply those criteria and processes to ensure that the Underlying Instruments were granted and approved based on a thorough assessment of the relevant Obligor s creditworthiness. 

- 96 - 
 
 (g) The Equityholder is, and will remain, ultimately responsible for and retain discretion over the actions of the Investment Manager and any actions taken by the Investment Manager in relation to the matters outlined in clause (d) above are taken for, and on behalf of, the Equityholder. 
 
 Section 10.23 Proceedings . As soon as possible and in any event within three (3) Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower receives notice or obtains knowledge thereof, notice of any settlement of, material judgment (including a material judgment with respect to the liability phase of a bifurcated trial) in or commencement of any material labor controversy, material litigation, material action, material suit or material proceeding before any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, affecting the Collateral (taken as a whole), the Transaction Documents, the Collateral Agent s interest in the Collateral, or the Borrower; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, any settlement, judgment, labor controversy, litigation, action, suit or proceeding affecting the Collateral (taken as a whole), the Transaction Documents, the Collateral Agent s interest in the Collateral, or the Borrower in excess of 100,000 or more shall be deemed to be material for purposes of this Section 10.23 . 
 
 Section 10.24 Officer s Certificate. On each anniversary of the date of this Agreement, the Borrower shall deliver an Officer s Certificate, in form and substance acceptable to the Facility Agent, providing (i) a certification, based upon a review and summary of UCC search results, that there is no other interest in the Collateral perfected by filing of a UCC financing statement other than in favor of the Collateral Agent and (ii) a certification, based upon a review and summary of tax and judgment Lien searches satisfactory to the Facility Agent, that there is no other interest in the Collateral based on any tax or judgment Lien. 
 
 Section 10.24 [Reserved]. 
 
 Section 10.25 Policies and Procedures for Sanctions . The Borrower has instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with Sanctions. 
 
 Section 10.26 Compliance with Sanctions . The Borrower shall not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Advances, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture, partner or other Person or entity, to fund or facilitate (i) any activities of or business with any Sanction Target, (ii) any activities of or business in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any other manner that would result in a violation by any Person of Sanctions. 
 
 Section 10.27 Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering . The Borrower shall comply in all material respects with all applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws and shall provide notice to the Facility Agent, within five (5) Business Days, of the Borrower s receipt of any Anti-Money Laundering Law regulatory notice or action involving the Borrower. 
 
 Section 10.28 Ineligible Collateral . At the direction of the Facility Agent (in its sole discretion), the Borrower shall divest any asset that does not satisfy the definition of Eligible Collateral Obligation or Permitted Investment if the Facility Agent determines that the Borrower s ownership of such asset could (i) have materially adverse regulatory consequences on any Lender (in such Lender s sole discretion), (ii) results in any reputational harm to any Lender (in such Lender s sole discretion) or (iii) results in unfavorable capital treatment for any Lender (in such Lender s sole discretion). The Facility Agent agrees to cooperate in good faith with any waivers necessary to permit such divestiture. The Borrower shall not decline to receive or subsequently sell or transfer any non-Loan asset received in connection with any workout or restructuring of any asset owned by the Borrower, unless otherwise consented to by the Facility Agent in its sole discretion. 

- 97 - 
 
 ARTICLE XI 
 
 THE COLLATERAL AGENT 
 
 Section 11.1 Appointment of Collateral Agent . U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association is hereby appointed as Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms hereof. The Secured Parties hereby appoint the Collateral Agent to act exclusively as the agent for purposes of perfection of a security interest in the Collateral and Collateral Agent of the Secured Parties to act as specified herein and in the other Transaction Documents to which the Collateral Agent is a party. The Collateral Agent hereby accepts such agency appointment to act as Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, until its resignation or removal as Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 
 Section 11.2 Monthly Reports . The Collateral Agent shall prepare the Monthly Report in accordance with Section 8.5 and distribute funds in accordance with such Monthly Report in accordance with Section 8.3(a) . 
 
 Section 11.3 Collateral Administration . The Collateral Agent shall maintain a database of certain characteristics of the Collateral on an ongoing basis, and provide to the Borrower, the Servicer and the Facility Agent certain reports, schedules and calculations, all as more particularly described in this Section 11.3 , based upon information and data received from the Borrower and/or the Servicer pursuant to Section 7.7 . 
 
 (a) In connection therewith, the Collateral Agent shall: 
 
 (i) within 15 days after the Effective Date, create a database with respect to the Collateral that has been pledged to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties from time to time, comprised of the Collateral Obligations credited to the Accounts from time to time and Permitted Investments in which amounts held in the Accounts may be invested from time to time, as provided in this Agreement (the Collateral Database ); 
 
 (ii) update the Collateral Database on a periodic basis for changes and to reflect the sale or other disposition of assets included in the Collateral and any additional Collateral from time to time, in each case based upon, and to the extent of, information furnished to the Collateral Agent by the Borrower or the Servicer as may be reasonably required by the Collateral Agent from time to time or based upon notices received by the Collateral Agent from the issuer, or trustee or agent bank under an underlying instrument, or similar source); 
 
 (iii) track the receipt and allocation to the Collection Account of Principal Collections and Interest Collections and any withdrawals therefrom and, on each Business Day, provide to the Servicer and Facility Agent daily reports reflecting such actions to the accounts as of the close of business on the preceding Business Day and the Collateral Agent shall provide any such report to the Facility Agent upon its request therefor; 
 
 (iv) distribute funds in accordance with such Monthly Report in accordance with Section 8.3(a) ; 
 
 (v) prepare and deliver to the Facility Agent, the Borrower and the Servicer on each Reporting Date, the Monthly Report and any update pursuant to Section 8.5 when requested by the Servicer, the Borrower or the Facility Agent, on the basis of the information contained in the Collateral Database as of the applicable Determination Date, the information provided by each Lender and the Facility Agent pursuant to Section 3.4 and such other information as may be provided to the Collateral Agent by the Borrower, the Servicer, the Facility Agent or any Lender; 

- 98 - 
 
 (vi) provide other such information with respect to the Collateral as may be routinely maintained by the Collateral Agent in performing its ordinary Collateral Agent function pursuant hereunder, as the Borrower, the Servicer, the Facility Agent or any Lender may reasonably request from time to time; 
 
 (vii) upon the written request of the Servicer on any Business Day, no later than the Business Day following the Collateral Agent s receipt of such request (if, however, any such request is received after 12:00 p.m. (New York time) on such date such request will be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day) and provided that the Collateral Agent maintains or has received any information reasonably needed and requested by it, the Collateral Agent shall perform the following functions: as of the date the Servicer commits on behalf of the Borrower to purchase Collateral Obligations to be included in the Collateral, perform a pro forma calculation of the tests and other requirements set forth in Sections 6.2(e) and (f) , in each case, based upon information contained in the Collateral Database and report the results thereof to the Servicer in a mutually agreed format; 
 
 (viii) upon the Collateral Agent s receipt on any Business Day after written notification from the Servicer of its intent to sell (in accordance with Section 7.10 Collateral Obligations and the written request of the Servicer on such Business Day, the Collateral Agent shall perform, no later than the Business Day following the Collateral Agent s receipt of such request (if, however, any such request is received after 12:00 p.m. (New York time) on such date such request will be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day) provided that the Collateral Agent maintains or has received information reasonably needed and requested by it, the Collateral Agent shall perform the following functions, a pro forma calculation of the tests and other requirements set forth in Sections 7.10(a)(i)(A), (B) and (C) and based upon information contained in the Collateral Database and information furnished by the Servicer, compare the results thereof and report the results to the Servicer in a mutually agreed format; and 
 
 (ix) track the Principal Balance of each Collateral Obligation and report such balances to the Facility Agent and the Servicer no later than 12:00 Noon (New York City time) on each Business Day as of the close of business on the preceding Business Day. 
 
 (b) The Collateral Agent shall provide to the Servicer a copy of all written notices and communications received by it and identified as being sent to it in connection with the Collateral Obligations and the other Collateral held hereunder which it receives from the related Obligor, participating bank and/or agent bank. In no instance shall the Collateral Agent be under any duty or obligation to take any action on behalf of the Servicer in respect of the exercise of any voting or consent rights, or similar actions, unless it receives specific written instructions from the Servicer, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default or a Servicer Default or the Facility Agent, after the occurrence of an Event of Default or a Servicer Default, in which event the Collateral Agent shall vote, consent or take such other action in accordance with such instructions. 
 
 (c) In addition to the above: 
 
 (i) The Facility Agent and each Secured Party further authorizes the Collateral Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents as are expressly delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. In furtherance, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Secured Party hereby appoints the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Facility Agent) as its agent to execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further action (at the written direction of the Facility Agent) that the Facility Agent deems necessary or desirable in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the security interests granted by the Borrower hereunder, or to enable any of them to exercise or enforce any of their respective rights hereunder, including, without limitation, the execution or filing by the Collateral Agent as secured party/assignee of such financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto 
 
 - 99 - 
 
 or assignments thereof, relative to all or any of the Collateral Obligations now existing or hereafter arising, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or appropriate for the purposes stated hereinabove. Nothing in this Section 11.3(c)(i) shall be deemed to relieve the Borrower or the Servicer of their respective obligations to protect the interest of the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in the Collateral, including to file financing and continuation statements in respect of the Collateral in accordance with Section 10.1 . It is understood and agreed that any and all actions performed by the Collateral Agent in connection with this Section 11.3(c)(i) shall be at the written direction of the Facility Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall have no responsibility or liability in connection with determining any actions necessary or desirable to perfect, protect or more fully secure the security interest granted by the Borrower hereunder or to enable any Person to exercise or enforce any of their respective rights hereunder. 
 
 (ii) The Facility Agent may direct the Collateral Agent in writing to take any such incidental action hereunder. With respect to other actions which are incidental to the actions specifically delegated to the Collateral Agent hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any such incidental action hereunder, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting) upon the written direction of the Facility Agent; provided that the Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any action hereunder at the request of the Facility Agent, any Secured Parties or otherwise if the taking of such action, in the determination of the Collateral Agent, (x) shall be in violation of any Applicable Law or contrary to any provisions of this Agreement or (y) shall expose the Collateral Agent to liability hereunder or otherwise (unless it has received indemnity which it reasonably deems to be satisfactory with respect thereto). In the event the Collateral Agent requests the consent of the Facility Agent and the Collateral Agent does not receive a consent (either positive or negative) from the Facility Agent within 10 Business Days of its receipt of such request, then the Facility Agent shall be deemed to have declined to consent to the relevant action. 
 
 (iii) Except as expressly provided herein, the Collateral Agent shall not be under any duty or obligation to take any affirmative action to exercise or enforce any power, right or remedy available to it under this Agreement that might in its judgment involve any expense or liability unless it has been furnished with an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it (x) unless and until (and to the extent) expressly so directed by the Facility Agent and (y) in any event, it shall only be required to do so prior to the Facility Termination Date (and upon such occurrence, the Collateral Agent shall act in accordance with the written instructions of the Facility Agent pursuant to clause (x)). The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in accordance with the request or direction of any Secured Party, to the extent that this Agreement provides such Secured Party the right to so direct the Collateral Agent, or the Facility Agent. The Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any matter hereunder, including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Event of Default or any notice, document, certificate or other information required to be forwarded by the Facility Agent to the Collateral Agent, unless a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Agent has knowledge of such matter or written notice thereof is received by the Collateral Agent. 
 
 (d) If, in performing its duties under this Agreement, the Collateral Agent is required to decide between alternative courses of action, the Collateral Agent may request written instructions from the Facility Agent as to the course of action desired by it. If the Collateral Agent does not receive such instructions within two Business Days after it has requested them, the Collateral Agent may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking any such courses of action. The Collateral Agent shall act in accordance with instructions received after such two Business Day period except to the extent it has already, in good faith, taken or committed itself to take, action inconsistent with such instructions. The Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely on the advice of legal counsel and independent accountants in performing its duties hereunder and shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if it acts in accordance with such advice. 
 
 (e) Concurrently herewith, the Facility Agent directs the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Agent is authorized to enter into the Account Control Agreement and any other related agreements, notices or 
 
 - 100 - 
 
 documents, each in the form delivered to the Collateral Agent. All of the Collateral Agent s rights, protections and immunities provided herein shall apply to the Collateral Agent for any actions taken or omitted to be taken under the Account Control Agreement and any other related agreements in such capacity. 
 
 Section 11.4 Removal or Resignation of Collateral Agent . After the expiration of the 180 day period commencing on the date hereof, the Collateral Agent may at any time resign and terminate its obligations under this Agreement upon at least 60 days prior written notice to the Servicer, the Borrower and the Facility Agent; provided , that no resignation or removal of the Collateral Agent will be permitted unless a successor Collateral Agent has been appointed which successor Collateral Agent, so long as no Unmatured Servicer Default, Servicer Default, Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, is reasonably acceptable to the Servicer. Promptly after receipt of notice of the Collateral Agent s resignation, the Facility Agent shall promptly appoint a successor Collateral Agent by written instrument, in duplicate, copies of which instrument shall be delivered to the Borrower, the Servicer, the resigning Collateral Agent and to the successor Collateral Agent. In the event no successor Collateral Agent shall have been appointed within 60 days after the giving of notice of such resignation, the Collateral Agent may petition any court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a successor Collateral Agent. The Facility Agent upon at least 60 days prior written notice to the Collateral Agent, may with or without cause remove and discharge the Collateral Agent or any successor Collateral Agent thereafter appointed from the performance of its duties under this Agreement. Promptly after giving notice of removal of the Collateral Agent, the Facility Agent shall appoint, or petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint, a successor Collateral Agent. Any such appointment shall be accomplished by written instrument and one original counterpart of such instrument of appointment shall be delivered to the Collateral Agent and the successor Collateral Agent, with a copy delivered to the Borrower and the Servicer. 
 
 Section 11.5 Representations and Warranties . The Collateral Agent represents and warrants to the Borrower, the Facility Agent, the Lenders and Servicer that: 
 
 (a) the Collateral Agent has the corporate power and authority and the legal rights to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, this Agreement, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize its execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement; 
 
 (b) no consent or authorization of, filing with, or other act by or in respect of, any arbitrator or Official Body and no consent of any other Person (including any stockholder or creditor of the Collateral Agent) is required in connection with the execution, delivery performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement; and 
 
 (c) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Collateral Agent and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Collateral Agent enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity (whether enforcement is sought in proceedings in equity or at law). 
 
 Section 11.6 No Adverse Interest of Collateral Agent . By execution of this Agreement, the Collateral Agent represents and warrants that it currently holds and during the existence of this Agreement shall hold, no adverse interest, by way of security or otherwise, in any Collateral Obligation or any document in the Collateral Obligation Files. Neither the Collateral Obligations nor any documents in the Collateral Obligation Files shall be subject to any security interest, lien or right of set-off by the Collateral Agent or any third party claiming through the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall not pledge, encumber, hypothecate, transfer, dispose of, or otherwise grant any third party interest in, the Collateral Obligations or documents in the Collateral Obligation Files, except that the preceding clause shall not apply to the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian with respect to (i) the Collateral Agent Fees and Expenses or the Collateral Custodian Fees and Expenses, and (ii) in 
 
 - 101 - 
 
 the case of any accounts, with respect to (x) returned or charged-back items, (y) reversals or cancellations of payment orders and other electronic fund transfers, or (z) overdrafts in the Collection Account. 
 
 Section 11.7 Reliance of Collateral Agent . In the absence of bad faith on the part of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any request, instruction, certificate, opinion, electronic communication or other document furnished to the Collateral Agent, reasonably believed by the Collateral Agent to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or presented by the proper party or parties and conforming to the requirements of this Agreement; but in the case of a request, instruction, document or certificate which by any provision hereof is specifically required to be furnished to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall be under a duty to examine the same in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement to determine that they conform to the form required by such provision. For avoidance of doubt, Collateral Agent may rely conclusively on Borrowing Base Certificates and Officer s Certificates delivered by the Servicer. The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any action taken by it in good faith and reasonably believed by it to be within the discretion or powers conferred upon it, or taken by it pursuant to any direction or instruction by which it is governed hereunder, or omitted to be taken by it by reason of the lack of direction or instruction required hereby for such action. 
 
 Section 11.8 Limitation of Liability and Collateral Agent Rights . (a) The Collateral Agent may conclusively rely on and shall be fully protected in acting upon any certificate, instrument, opinion, notice, letter, telegram or other document delivered to it and that in good faith it reasonably believes to be genuine and that has been signed by the proper party or parties. The Collateral Agent may rely conclusively on and shall be fully protected in acting upon (i) the written instructions of any designated officer of the Facility Agent or (ii) the verbal instructions of the Facility Agent. 
 
 (b) The Collateral Agent may consult counsel satisfactory to it with a national reputation in the applicable matter and the advice or opinion of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel. 
 
 (c) The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or omitted by it, in good faith, or for any mistakes of fact or law, or for anything that it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith except in the case of its willful misconduct, bad faith, reckless disregard or grossly negligent performance or omission of its duties. 
 
 (d) The Collateral Agent makes no warranty or representation and shall have no responsibility (except as expressly set forth in this Agreement) as to the content, enforceability, completeness, validity, sufficiency, value, genuineness, ownership or transferability of the Collateral, and will not be required to and will not make any representations as to the validity or value (except as expressly set forth in this Agreement) of any of the Collateral. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to take any action hereunder that might in its judgment involve any expense or liability unless it has been furnished with an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it. 
 
 (e) The Collateral Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities except such duties and responsibilities as are specifically set forth in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and no covenants or obligations shall be implied in this Agreement against the Collateral Agent. 
 
 (f) The Collateral Agent shall not be required to expend or risk its own funds in the performance of its duties hereunder. 

- 102 - 
 
 (g) It is expressly agreed and acknowledged that the Collateral Agent is not guaranteeing performance of or assuming any liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any parties to the Collateral. 
 
 (h) In case any reasonable question arises as to its duties hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, the Collateral Agent may, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, request instructions from the Servicer and may, after the occurrence of an Event of Default, request instructions from the Facility Agent, and shall be entitled at all times to refrain from taking any action unless it has received written instructions from the Servicer or the Facility Agent, as applicable. The Collateral Agent shall in all events have no liability, risk or cost for any action taken pursuant to and in compliance with the instruction of the Facility Agent. In no event shall the Collateral Agent be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Collateral Agent has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 
 
 (i) In the event that the Collateral Custodian is not the same entity as the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall not be liable for the acts or omissions of the Collateral Custodian under this Agreement and shall not be required to monitor the performance of the Collateral Custodian. 
 
 (j) Without limiting the generality of any terms of this section, the Collateral Agent shall have no liability for any failure, inability or unwillingness on the part of the Servicer, the Facility Agent or the Borrower to provide accurate and complete information on a timely basis to the Collateral Agent, or otherwise on the part of any such party to comply with the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in the performance or observance on the Collateral Agent s part of any of its duties hereunder that is caused by or results from any such inaccurate, incomplete or untimely information received by it, or other failure on the part of any such other party to comply with the terms hereof. 
 
 (k) The Collateral Agent shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any certificate, report or other document; provided, however, that, if the form thereof is prescribed by this Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall examine the same to determine whether it conforms on its face to the requirements hereof. The Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of any matter unless actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Agent. It is expressly acknowledged by the Borrower, the Servicer and the Facility Agent that application and performance by the Collateral Agent of its various duties hereunder (including, without limitation, recalculations to be performed in respect of the matters contemplated hereby) shall be based upon, and in reliance upon, data, information and notice provided to it by the Servicer, the Facility Agent, the Borrower and/or any related bank agent, obligor or similar party with respect to the Collateral Obligation, and the Collateral Agent shall have no responsibility for the accuracy of any such information or data provided to it by such persons and shall be entitled to update its records (as it may deem necessary or appropriate). Nothing herein shall impose or imply any duty or obligation on the part of the Collateral Agent to verify, investigate or audit any such information or data, or to determine or monitor on an independent basis whether any issuer of the Collateral is in default or in compliance with the underlying documents governing or securing such securities, from time to time. For purposes of tracking changes in ratings, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to use and rely (in good faith) exclusively upon a single reputable electronic financial information reporting service (which for ratings by Standard Poor s shall be www.standardpoors.com or www.ratingsdirect.com) and shall have no liability for any inaccuracies in the information reported by, of other errors or omissions of, any such service. It is hereby expressly agreed that Bloomberg Financial Markets is one such reputable service. 
 
 (l) The Collateral Agent may exercise any of its rights or powers hereunder or perform any of its duties hereunder either directly or, by or through agents or attorneys, and the Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent or attorney appointed hereunder with due care 
 
 - 103 - 
 
 by it. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any of its affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, agents or employees will be liable to the Servicer, Borrower or any other Person, except by reason of acts or omissions by the Collateral Agent constituting bad faith, willful misfeasance, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the Collateral Agent s duties hereunder. The Collateral Agent shall in no event have any liability for the actions or omissions of the Borrower, the Servicer, the Facility Agent or any other Person, and shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in any duty performed by it that results from or is caused by inaccurate, untimely or incomplete information or data received by it from the Borrower, the Servicer, the Facility Agent or another Person except to the extent that such inaccuracies or errors are caused by the Collateral Agent s own bad faith, willful misfeasance, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its duties hereunder. The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for failing to perform or delay in performing its specified duties hereunder which results from or is caused by a failure or delay on the part of the Borrower or the Servicer, the Facility Agent or another Person in furnishing necessary, timely and accurate information to the Collateral Agent. 
 
 (m) The Collateral Agent shall be under no obligation to exercise or honor any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document at the request or direction of the Facility Agent (or any other Person authorized or permitted to direct the Collateral Agent hereunder) pursuant to this Agreement or such other Transaction Document, unless the Facility Agent (or such other Person) shall have offered the Collateral Agent security or indemnity reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent against costs, expenses and liabilities (including any legal fees) that might reasonably be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. 
 
 (n) The Collateral Agent shall be under no obligation to (i) monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of LIBOR Rate Term SOFR , Base Rate or Alternate Base Rate (or other applicable interest rate), or whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other transaction party of the occurrence of (except as expressly provided herein), any LIBOR Term SOFR cessation or any amendment or change required to be made to the applicable interest rate, (ii) select, determine or designate any LIBOR , LIBOR Ratereplacement benchmark , Base Rate, Alternate Base Rate or other successor or replacement benchmark index, or whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, (iii) select, determine or designate any adjustment or other modifier to any replacement or successor index, or (iv) determine whether or what amendments are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing. 
 
 (o) The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any of its duties set forth in this Agreement as a result of the unavailability of LIBOR Rate Term SOFR , Base Rate, Alternate Base Rate (or other applicable interest rate) and absence of a designated replacement Interest Rate, including as a result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction party, including without limitation the Facility Agent or any Lender, in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement and reasonably required for the performance of such duties. 
 
 Section 11.9 Tax Reports . The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for the preparation or filing of any reports or returns relating to federal, state or local income taxes with respect to this Agreement, other than in respect of the Collateral Agent s compensation or for reimbursement of expenses. 
 
 Section 11.10 Merger or Consolidation . Any Person (i) into which the Collateral Agent may be merged or consolidated, (ii) that may result from any merger or consolidation to which the Collateral Agent shall be a party, or (iii) that may succeed to the properties and assets all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Collateral Agent substantially as a whole , which Person in any of the foregoing cases executes an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of the Collateral Agent hereunder, shall be the successor to the Collateral Agent under this Agreement without further act of any of the parties to this Agreement. 

- 104 - 
 
 Section 11.11 Collateral Agent Compensation . As compensation for its activities hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents, the Collateral Agent (in each of its capacities hereunder and as Securities Intermediary under the Account Control Agreement) shall be entitled to its fees and expenses from the Borrower as set forth in the Collateral Agent and Collateral Custodian Fee Letter and any other accrued and unpaid expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses) and indemnity amounts payable by the Borrower or the Servicer, or both but without duplication, to the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary under the Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, Indemnified Amounts payable under Article XVI) (collectively, the Collateral Agent Fees and Expenses ). The Borrower agrees to reimburse the Collateral Agent in accordance with the provisions of Section 8.3(a) for all reasonable, out-of-pocket, documented expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Collateral Agent in accordance with any provision of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or in the enforcement of any provision hereof or in the other Transaction Documents. The Collateral Agent s entitlement to receive fees (other than any previously accrued and unpaid fees) shall cease on the earlier to occur of (i) its removal as Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 11.4 or (ii) the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 Section 11.12 Compliance with Applicable Anti-Bribery and Corruption, Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Regulations . In order to comply with Applicable Banking Law, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian are required to obtain, verify, record and update certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian. Accordingly, each of the parties agrees to provide to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian, upon their reasonable request from time to time such identifying information and documentation as may be available for such party in order to enable the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian to comply with Applicable Banking Law. 
 
 ARTICLE XII 
 
 GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST 
 
 Section 12.1 Borrower s Grant of Security Interest . As security for the prompt payment or performance in full when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all Obligations (including Advances, Yield, all Fees and other amounts at any time owing hereunder), the Borrower hereby assigns and pledges to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and grants to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest in and lien upon the following (other than Retained Interests and Excluded Amounts), in each case whether now or hereafter existing or in which Borrower now has or hereafter acquires an interest and wherever the same may be located (collectively, the Collateral ): 
 
 (a) all Collateral Obligations; 
 
 (b) all Related Security; 
 
 (c) this Agreement, the Sale Agreement and all other documents now or hereafter in effect to which the Borrower is a party (collectively, the Borrower Assigned Agreements ), including (i) all rights of the Borrower to receive moneys due and to become due under or pursuant to the Borrower Assigned Agreements, (ii) all rights of the Borrower to receive proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty with respect to the Borrower Assigned Agreements, (iii) claims of the Borrower for damages arising out of or for breach of or default under the Borrower Assigned Agreements, and (iv) the right of the Borrower to amend, waive or terminate the Borrower Assigned Agreements, to perform under the Borrower Assigned Agreements and to compel performance and otherwise exercise all remedies and rights under the Borrower Assigned Agreements; 
 
 (d) all of the following (the Account Collateral ): 

- 105 - 
 
 (i) each Account, all funds held in any Account (other than Excluded Amounts), and all certificates and instruments, if any, from time to time representing or evidencing any Account or such funds, 

(ii) all investments from time to time of amounts in the Accounts and all certificates and instruments, if any, from time to time representing or evidencing such investments, 
 
 (iii) all notes, certificates of deposit and other instruments from time to time delivered to or otherwise possessed by the Collateral Agent or any Secured Party or any assignee or agent on behalf of the Collateral Agent or any Secured Party in substitution for or in addition to any of the then existing Account Collateral, and 
 
 (iv) all interest, dividends, cash, instruments and other property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for any and all of the then existing Account Collateral; 
 
 (e) all additional property that may from time to time hereafter be granted and pledged by the Borrower or by anyone on its behalf under this Agreement; 
 
 (f) all Accounts, all Certificated Securities, all Chattel Paper, all Documents, all Equipment, all Financial Assets, all General Intangibles, all Instruments, all Investment Property, all Inventory, all Securities Accounts, all Security Certificates, all Security Entitlements and all Uncertificated Securities of the Borrower; 
 
 (g) each Hedging Agreement, including all rights of the Borrower to receive moneys due and to become due thereunder; 
 
 (h) all of the Borrower s other personal property; and 
 
 (i) all Proceeds, accessions, substitutions, rents and profits of any and all of the foregoing Collateral (including proceeds that constitute property of the types described in clauses (a) through (h) above) and, to the extent not otherwise included, all payments under insurance (whether or not the Collateral Agent or a Secured Party or any assignee or agent on behalf of the Collateral Agent or a Secured Party is the loss payee thereof) or any indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable by reason of loss or damage to or otherwise with respect to any of the foregoing Collateral. 
 
 Section 12.2 Borrower Remains Liable . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, (a) except to the extent of the Servicer s duties under the Transaction Documents, the Borrower shall remain liable under the Collateral Obligations, Borrower Assigned Agreements and other agreements included in the Collateral to perform all of its duties and obligations thereunder to the same extent as if this Agreement had not been executed, (b) the exercise by a Secured Party or the Collateral Agent of any of its rights under this Agreement shall not release the Borrower or the Servicer from any of their respective duties or obligations under the Collateral Obligations, Borrower Assigned Agreements or other agreements included in the Collateral, (c) the Secured Parties and the Collateral Agent shall not have any obligation or liability under the Collateral Obligations, Borrower Assigned Agreements or other agreements included in the Collateral by reason of this Agreement, and (d) neither the Collateral Agent nor any of the Secured Parties shall be obligated to perform any of the obligations or duties of the Borrower or the Servicer under the Collateral Obligations, Borrower Assigned Agreements or other agreements included in the Collateral or to take any action to collect or enforce any claim for payment assigned under this Agreement. 

- 106 - 
 
 Section 12.3 Release of Collateral . Until the Obligations have been paid in full and the Commitments have been reduced to zero, the Collateral Agent may not release any Lien covering any Collateral except for (i) Collateral Obligations sold pursuant to Section 7.10 , (ii) any Related Security identified by the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) to the Collateral Agent so long as the Facility Termination Date has not occurred or (iii) Repurchased Collateral Obligations or Substituted Collateral Obligations pursuant to Section 7.11 . At any time that the Obligations have been paid in full and the Commitments have been reduced to zero, the Collateral Agent, upon notice of termination by the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) pursuant to Section 2.5, shall release all Liens covering any Collateral. 
 
 In connection with the release of a Lien on any Collateral permitted pursuant to this Section 12.3 as requested by the Servicer, the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, will, at the sole expense of the Servicer, execute and deliver to the Servicer or its designee any assignments, bills of sale, termination statements and any other releases and instruments as the Servicer may reasonably request in order to effect the release and transfer of such Collateral; provided , that the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, will make no representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to any such Collateral in connection with such sale or transfer and assignment. 
 
 ARTICLE XIII 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 Section 13.1 Events of Default . Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement: 
 (a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any amount on the Obligations (x) on the Facility Termination Date or (y) as otherwise provided for in any Transaction Document when due (in all cases, whether on any Distribution Date, on the Facility Termination Date, by reason of acceleration, by notice of intention to prepay, by required prepayment or otherwise) and, solely in the case of clause (y), such failure continues for two (2) Business Days; 
 (b) the Borrower, Equityholder or the Servicer shall fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement, or any other Transaction Document on its part to be performed or observed and, except in the case of the covenants and agreements contained in Section 10.7 (Tangible Net Worth), Section 10.9 (Merger, Consolidation, Etc.), Section 10.11 (Indebtedness, Guarantees), Section 10.12 (Limitation on Purchases from Affiliates), Section 10.14 (Preservation of Existence) and Section 10.16 (Distributions) as to each of which no grace period shall apply, any such failure shall remain unremedied for thirty (30) days after knowledge by the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer thereof or after written notice thereof shall have been given by the Facility Agent to the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer; 
 (c) any representation or warranty of the Borrower, Equityholder or the Servicer made or deemed to have been made hereunder or in any other Transaction Document or any other writing or certificate furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer to the Facility Agent or any Lender for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (including any Monthly Report) shall prove to have been false or incorrect in any respect when made or deemed to have been made and, except in the case of a breach of the Borrower s representation in Section 9.21(c) , the same continues unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days (if such failure can be remedied) after the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which written notice of such failure requiring the same to be remedied shall have been given to the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer, and (ii) the date on which a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer acquires knowledge thereof; provided , that no breach shall be deemed to occur hereunder in respect of any representation or warranty relating to the eligibility of any Collateral Obligation if the Borrower complies with its obligations in Section 7.11 with respect to such Collateral Obligation; 
 
 - 107 - 
 
 (d) an Insolvency Event shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to either the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder; 
 (e) the aggregate principal amount of all Advances outstanding hereunder exceeds the Borrowing Base or the Maximum Availability, calculated in accordance with Section 1.2(g) , and such condition continues unremedied for (x) if the Borrower delivers an Equity Cure Notice with respect to such event, twelve (12) consecutive Business Days or (y) otherwise, two (2) consecutive Business Days; 
 (f) the Internal Revenue Service shall file notice of a Lien pursuant to Section 6321 of the Code with regard to any of the assets of the Borrower; 
 (g) an ERISA Event occurs that, alone or together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (h) (i) any Transaction Document or any Lien granted thereunder shall (except in accordance with its terms), in whole or in material part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Borrower; or (ii) the Borrower or the Servicer or any other Person shall, directly or indirectly, contest in any manner the effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability of any Transaction Document; or (iii) any security interest securing any Obligation shall, in whole or in part, cease to be a perfected first priority security interest (except, as to priority, for Permitted Liens); 
 (i) a Servicer Default shall have occurred and be continuing past any applicable notice or cure period provided in the definition thereof; 
 (j) failure of the Borrower to make any payment when due (after giving effect to any related grace period) under one or more agreements for borrowed money to which it is a party in an aggregate amount in excess of 50,000, individually or in the aggregate; or the occurrence of any event or condition that gives rise to a right of acceleration with respect to such recourse debt in excess of 50,000; 
 (k) a Change of Control shall have occurred; 
 (l) the Borrower or the Servicer shall become required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act or the arrangements contemplated by the Transaction Documents shall require registration as an investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act; 
 (m) failure on the part of the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer to (i) make any payment or deposit (including, without limitation, with respect to bifurcation and remittance of Principal Collections and Interest Collections or any other payment or deposit required to be made by the terms of the Transaction Documents) required by the terms of any Transaction Document in accordance with Section 7.3(b) and Section 10.10 or (ii) otherwise observe or perform any covenant, agreement or obligation with respect to the management and distribution of funds received with respect to the Collateral; 
 (n) (i) failure of the Borrower to maintain at least one Independent Manager or (ii) the removal of any Independent Manager without Cause or prior written notice to the Facility Agent (in each case as required by the Constituent Documents of the Borrower); provided that the Borrower shall have five (5) Business Days to replace any Independent Manager upon the death or incapacitation of the current Independent Manager; 
 (o) the Borrower makes any assignment or attempted assignment of its respective rights or obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document without first obtaining the specific written consent of the Facility Agent, which consent may be withheld in the exercise of its sole and absolute discretion; 
 
 - 108 - 
 
 (p) any court shall render a final, non-appealable judgment against the Borrower in an amount in excess of 50,000 which shall not be satisfactorily stayed, discharged, vacated, set aside or satisfied within 30 days of the making thereof; 
 (q) the Borrower shall fail to qualify as a bankruptcy-remote entity based upon customary criteria such that Eversheds Sutherland (US) LLP or any other reputable counsel could no longer render a substantive nonconsolidation opinion with respect to the Borrower; 
 (r) at any time, the Minimum Equity Test is not satisfied and such condition continues unremedied for (x) if the Borrower delivers an Equity Cure Notice with respect to such event, twelve (12) consecutive Business Days or (y) otherwise, two (2) consecutive Business Days; or 
 (s) solely to the extent that the Servicer is regulated as a business development company under the 1940 Act, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the Servicer s Asset Coverage Ratio shall be less that the ratio required for a business development company under the 1940 Act. 
 Section 13.2 Effect of Event of Default . 
 (a) Optional Termination . Upon notice by the Collateral Agent or the Facility Agent that an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default described in Section 13.1(d) has occurred, the Revolving Period will automatically terminate and no Advances will thereafter be made, and the Collateral Agent (at the direction of the Facility Agent) may declare all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Advances and other Obligations to be due and payable, whereupon the full unpaid amount of such Advances and other Obligations which shall be so declared due and payable shall be and become immediately due and payable, without further notice, demand or presentment (all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower) and the Facility Termination Date shall be deemed to have occurred. 
 (b) Automatic Termination . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default described in Section 13.1(d) , the Facility Termination Date shall be deemed to have occurred automatically, and all outstanding Advances under this Agreement and all other Obligations under this Agreement shall become immediately and automatically due and payable, all without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind (all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower). 
 Section 13.3 Rights upon Event of Default . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Facility Agent may, in its sole discretion, direct the Collateral Agent to exercise any of the remedies specified herein in respect of the Collateral and the Collateral Agent may (with the consent of the Facility Agent) but shall have no obligation, or the Collateral Agent shall promptly, at the written direction of the Facility Agent, also do one or more of the following (subject to Section 13.9 ): 
 (a) institute proceedings in its own name and on behalf of the Secured Parties as Collateral Agent for the collection of all Obligations, whether by declaration or otherwise, enforce any judgment obtained, and collect from the Borrower and any other obligor with respect thereto moneys adjudged due, for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in any Transaction Document or in the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy or legal or equitable right vested in the Collateral Agent by Applicable Law or any Transaction Document; 
 (b) exercise any remedies of a secured party under the UCC and take any other appropriate action to protect and enforce the right and remedies of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties which rights and remedies shall be cumulative; and 
 
 - 109 - 
 
 (c) require the Borrower and the Servicer, at the Servicer s expense, to (1) assemble all or any part of the Collateral as directed by the Collateral Agent (at the direction of the Facility Agent) and make the same available to the Collateral Agent at a place to be designated by the Collateral Agent (at the direction of the Facility Agent) that is reasonably convenient to such parties and (2) without notice except as specified below, sell the Collateral (at the direction of the Facility Agent) or any part thereof in one or more parcels at a public or private sale, at any of the Collateral Agent s or the Facility Agent s offices or elsewhere in accordance with Applicable Law. The Borrower agrees that, to the extent notice of sale shall be required by law, at least ten days notice to the Borrower of the time and place of any public sale or the time after which any private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable notification. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given. The Collateral Agent (at the direction of the Facility Agent) may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned. All cash proceeds received by the Collateral Agent in respect of any sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, all or any part of the Collateral (after payment of any amounts incurred in connection with such sale) shall be deposited into the Collection Account and to be applied against the outstanding Obligations pursuant to Section 4.1 . The Servicer, the Lenders and any of their respective Affiliates shall be permitted to participate in any such sale. 
 Section 13.4 Collateral Agent May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Notes . All rights of action and of asserting claims under the Transaction Documents, may be enforced by the Collateral Agent (at the direction of the Facility Agent) without the possession of the Notes or the production thereof in any trial or other proceedings relative thereto, and any such action or proceedings instituted by the Collateral Agent shall be brought in its own name as Collateral Agent and any recovery of judgment, subject to the payment of the reasonable, out-of-pocket and documented expenses, disbursements and compensation of the Collateral Agent, each predecessor Collateral Agent and their respective agents and attorneys, shall be for the ratable benefit of the holders of the Notes and other Secured Parties. 
 Section 13.5 Collective Proceedings . In any proceedings brought by the Collateral Agent to enforce the Liens under the Transaction Documents (and also any proceedings involving the interpretation of any provision of any Transaction Document), the Collateral Agent shall be held to represent all of the Secured Parties, and it shall not be necessary to make any Secured Party a party to any such proceedings. 
 Section 13.6 Insolvency Proceedings . In case there shall be pending, relative to the Borrower or any other obligor upon the Notes or any Person having or claiming an ownership interest in the Collateral, proceedings under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall have been appointed for or taken possession of the Borrower, its property or such other obligor or Person, or in case of any other comparable judicial proceedings relative to the Borrower or other obligor upon the Notes, or to the creditors of property of the Borrower or such other obligor, the Collateral Agent, irrespective of whether the principal of the Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Collateral Agent shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions of this Section 13.6, shall be entitled and empowered but without any obligation, subject to Section 13.9(a) , by intervention in such proceedings or otherwise: 
 (a) to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of principal and Yield owing and unpaid in respect of the Notes, all other amounts owing to the Lenders and to file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Collateral Agent (including any claim for reimbursement of all expenses (including the fees and expenses of counsel) and liabilities incurred, and all advances, if any, made, by the Collateral Agent and each predecessor Collateral Agent except as determined to have been caused by its own gross negligence or willful misconduct) and of each of the other Secured Parties allowed in such proceedings; 
 
 - 110 - 
 
 (b) unless prohibited by Applicable Law and regulations, to vote (at the direction of the Facility Agent) on behalf of the holders of the Notes in any election of a trustee, a standby trustee or person performing similar functions in any such proceedings; 
 (c) to collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute all amounts received with respect to the claims of the Secured Parties on their behalf; and 
 (d) to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Collateral Agent or the Secured Parties allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Borrower, its creditors and its property; 
 and any trustee, receiver, liquidator, collateral agent or trustee or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each of such Secured Parties to make payments to the Collateral Agent and, in the event that the Collateral Agent shall consent (at the direction of the Facility Agent) to the making of payments directly to such Secured Parties, to pay to the Collateral Agent such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover all reasonable expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Collateral Agent and each predecessor Collateral Agent except as determined to have been caused by its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 Section 13.7 Delay or Omission Not Waiver . No delay or omission of the Collateral Agent or of any other Secured Party to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article XIII or by law to the Collateral Agent or to the other Secured Parties may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Collateral Agent or by the other Secured Parties, as the case may be. 
 Section 13.8 Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws . The Borrower waives and covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force (including filing a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code and by the voluntary commencement of a proceeding or the filing of a petition seeking winding up, liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect), which may affect the covenants, the performance of or any remedies under this Agreement; and the Borrower (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantages of any such law, and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Collateral Agent, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted. 
 Section 13.9 Limitation on Duty of Collateral Agent in Respect of Collateral . (a) Beyond the safekeeping of the Collateral Obligation Files in accordance with Article XVIII , neither the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Custodian shall have any duty as to any Collateral in its possession or control or in the possession or control of any agent or bailee or any income thereon or as to preservation of rights against prior parties or any other rights pertaining thereto and neither the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Custodian shall be responsible for filing any financing or continuation statements or recording any documents or instruments in any public office at any time or times or otherwise perfecting or maintaining the perfection of any security interest in the Collateral. Neither the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Custodian shall be liable or responsible for any misconduct, negligence or loss or diminution in the value of any of the Collateral, by reason of the act or omission of any carrier, forwarding agency or other agent, attorney or bailee selected by the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Custodian in good faith and with due care hereunder. 
 (b) Neither the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Custodian shall be responsible for the existence, genuineness or value of any of the Collateral or for the validity, perfection, priority or enforceability 
 
 - 111 - 
 
 of the Liens in any of the Collateral, whether impaired by operation of law or by reason of any action or omission to act on its part hereunder, or for insuring the Collateral or for the payment of taxes, charges, assessments or Liens upon the Collateral or otherwise as to the maintenance of the Collateral. 
 (c) Neither the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Custodian shall have any duty to act outside of the United States in respect of any Collateral located in any jurisdiction other than the United States. 
 Section 13.10 Power of Attorney . (a) Each of the Borrower and the Servicer hereby irrevocably appoints the Collateral Agent as its true and lawful attorney (with full power of substitution) in its name, place and stead and at its expense (at the direction of the Facility Agent), in connection with the enforcement of the rights and remedies provided for (and subject to the terms and conditions set forth) in this Agreement including without limitation the following powers: (i) to give any necessary receipts or acquittance for amounts collected or received hereunder, (ii) to make all necessary transfers of the Collateral in connection with any such sale or other disposition made pursuant hereto, (iii) to execute and deliver for value all necessary or appropriate bills of sale, assignments and other instruments in connection with any such sale or other disposition, the Borrower and the Servicer hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorney (or any substitute) shall lawfully do hereunder and pursuant hereto, and (iv) to sign any agreements, orders or other documents in connection with or pursuant to any Transaction Document. Nevertheless, if so requested by the Collateral Agent, the Borrower shall ratify and confirm any such sale or other disposition by executing and delivering to the Collateral Agent all proper bills of sale, assignments, releases and other instruments as may be designated in any such request. 
 (b) No person to whom this power of attorney is presented as authority for the Collateral Agent to take any action or actions contemplated by clause (a) shall inquire into or seek confirmation from the Borrower or the Servicer as to the authority of the Collateral Agent to take any action described below, or as to the existence of or fulfillment of any condition to the power of attorney described in clause (a), which is intended to grant to the Collateral Agent unconditionally the authority to take and perform the actions contemplated herein, and each of the Borrower and the Servicer irrevocably waives any right to commence any suit or action, in law or equity, against any person or entity that acts in reliance upon or acknowledges the authority granted under this power of attorney. The power of attorney granted in clause (a) is coupled with an interest and may not be revoked or canceled by the Borrower or the Servicer until all obligations of each of the Borrower and the Servicer under the Transaction Documents have been paid in full and the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Facility Agent) has provided its written consent thereto. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the power of attorney granted pursuant to this Section 13.10 shall only be effective after the occurrence of an Event of Default. 
 ARTICLE XIV 
 THE FACILITY AGENT 
 Section 14.1 Appointment . Each Lender and each Agent hereby irrevocably designates and appoints DBNY as Facility Agent hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents, and authorizes the Facility Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Facility Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Each Lender in each Lender Group hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Agent for such Lender Group as the agent of such Lender under this Agreement, and each such Lender irrevocably authorizes such Agent, as the agent for such Lender, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties thereunder as are expressly delegated to such Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the 
 
 - 112 - 
 
 contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, neither the Facility Agent nor any Agent (the Facility Agent and each Agent being referred to in this Article XIV as a Note Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or otherwise exist against any Note Agent. 
 Section 14.2 Delegation of Duties . Each Note Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by or through its subsidiaries, affiliates, agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. No Note Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. 
 Section 14.3 Exculpatory Provisions . No Note Agent (acting in such capacity) nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be (a) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or them or any Person described in Section 14.2 under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or (b) responsible in any manner to any Person for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties of any Person (other than itself) contained in the Transaction Documents or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received under or in connection with, the Transaction Documents or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of the Transaction Documents or any other document furnished in connection therewith or herewith, or for any failure of any Person (other than itself or its directors, officers, agents or employees) to perform its obligations under any Transaction Document or for the satisfaction of any condition specified in a Transaction Document. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, no Note Agent shall be under any obligation to any Person to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements or covenants contained in, or conditions of, the Transaction Documents, or to inspect the properties, books or records of the Borrower or the Servicer. 
 Section 14.4 Reliance by Note Agents . Each Note Agent shall in all cases be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any note, writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, cablegram, telegram, telecopy, telex or teletype message, statement, order or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to each of the Lenders), Independent Accountants and other experts selected by such Note Agent. Each Note Agent shall in all cases be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any other document furnished in connection herewith or therewith unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Lenders, as it deems appropriate, or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction (i) in the case of the Facility Agent, by the Lenders or (ii) in the case of an Agent, by the Lenders in its Lender Group, against any and all liability, cost and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Facility Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or any other document furnished in connection herewith or therewith in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders, and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders. Each Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or any other document furnished in connection herewith or therewith in accordance with a request of the Lenders in its Lender Group holding greater than 50 of the outstanding Advances held by such Lender Group, and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders in such Lender Group. 
 Section 14.5 Notices . No Note Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any breach of this Agreement or the occurrence of any Event of Default unless it has received notice from the Servicer, the Borrower or any Lender, referring to this Agreement and describing such event. In the event any Agent receives such a notice, it shall promptly give notice thereof to the Lenders in its Lender Group. The Facility Agent shall take such action with respect to such event as shall be reasonably directed in writing by the Required 
 
 - 113 - 
 
 Lenders, and each Agent shall take such action with respect to such event as shall be reasonably directed by Lenders in its Lender Group holding greater than 50 of the outstanding Advances held by such Lender Group; provided , that unless and until such Note Agent shall have received such directions, such Note Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such event as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Lenders or of the Lenders in its Lender Group, as applicable. 
 Section 14.6 Non-Reliance on Note Agents . The Lenders expressly acknowledge that no Note Agent, nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by any Note Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Borrower or the Servicer, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by such Note Agent to any Lender. Each Lender represents to each Note Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Note Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower, the Servicer, and the Collateral Obligations and made its own decision to purchase its interest in the Notes hereunder and enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Note Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under any of the Transaction Documents, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower, the Servicer, and the Collateral Obligations. Except as expressly provided herein, no Note Agent shall have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the Collateral or the business, operations, property, prospects, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of the Borrower, the Servicer or the Lenders which may come into the possession of such Note Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates. 
 In no event shall any Note Agent be liable for any indirect, special, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever, including, but not limited to, lost profits, even if such Note Agent has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. In no event shall any Note Agent be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder because of circumstances beyond its control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, flood, war (whether declared or undeclared), terrorism, fire, riot, embargo, government action, including any laws, ordinances, regulations, governmental action or the like which delay, restrict or prohibit the providing of the services contemplated by this Agreement. 
 Section 14.7 Indemnification . The Lenders agree to indemnify the Facility Agent and its officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower or the Servicer under the Transaction Documents, and without limiting the obligation of such Persons to do so in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents), ratably according to the outstanding amounts of their Advances (or their Commitments, if no Advances are outstanding) from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Facility Agent or the affected Person in connection with any investigative, or judicial proceeding commenced or threatened, whether or not the Facility Agent or such affected Person shall be designated a party thereto) that may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Facility Agent or such affected Person as a result of, or arising out of, or in any way related to or by reason of, any of the transactions contemplated hereunder or under the Transaction Documents or any other document furnished in connection herewith or therewith. 
 Section 14.8 Successor Note Agent . If the Facility Agent shall resign as Facility Agent under this Agreement, then the Required Lenders shall appoint a successor agent, whereupon such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the Facility Agent, and the term Facility Agent shall mean such successor agent, effective upon its acceptance of such appointment, and the former Facility Agent s rights, powers and duties as Facility Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former 
 
 - 114 - 
 
 Facility Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. Any Agent may resign as Agent upon ten days notice to the Lenders in its Lender Group and the Facility Agent (with a copy to the Borrower) with such resignation becoming effective upon a successor agent succeeding to the rights, powers and duties of the Agent pursuant to this Section 14.8 . If an Agent shall resign as Agent under this Agreement, then Lenders in its Lender Group holding greater than 50 of the outstanding Advances held by such Lender Group shall appoint a successor agent for such Lender Group. After any Note Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article XIV shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was a Note Agent under this Agreement. No resignation of any Note Agent shall become effective until a successor Note Agent shall have assumed the responsibilities and obligations of such Note Agent hereunder; provided , that in the event a successor Note Agent is not appointed within 60 days after such notice of its resignation is given as permitted by this Section 14.8 , the applicable Note Agent may petition a court for its removal. 
 Section 14.9 Note Agents in their Individual Capacity . Each Note Agent and its Affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or the Servicer as though such Note Agent were not an agent hereunder. Any Person which is a Note Agent may act as a Note Agent without regard to and without additional duties or liabilities arising from its role as such administrator or agent or arising from its acting in any such other capacity. 
 Section 14.10 Borrower Audit. The Facility Agent shall, at the Borrower s expense, retain Protiviti, Inc. (or another nationally recognized audit firm acceptable to the Facility Agent in its sole discretion) to conduct and complete a procedural review of the Collateral Obligations in compliance with the standards set forth on Exhibit B hereto hereto (as such Exhibit B may be reasonably amended from time to time in the sole discretion of the Facility Agent by delivery of such amended Exhibit B by the Facility Agent to the Borrower), (i) within 120 days after the Effective Date and (ii) annually at the request of the Facility Agent thereafter; provided that there shall be no limits on the Facility Agent s right to conduct audits (at the Borrower s expense) during the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default. The Facility Agent shall promptly forward the results of such audit to the Servicer. 
 Section 14.11 Compliance with Applicable Anti-Bribery and Corruption, Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Regulations. In order to comply with Applicable Banking Law, the Facility Agent is required to obtain, verify, record and update certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with the Facility Agent. Accordingly, each of the parties agree to provide to the Facility Agent, upon its reasonable request from time to time such identifying information and documentation as may be available for such party in order to enable the Facility Agent to comply with Applicable Banking Law. 
 Section 14.12 Erroneous Payment . (a) If any Note Agent or Collateral Agent notifies a Lender, Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party such Lender (any such Lender, Issuing Bank, Secured Party or other recipient, a Payment Recipient that such Note Agent or Collateral Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient hereunder were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent, and such Lender or Secured Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Facility Agent in same day funds 
 
 - 115 - 
 
 at the greater of the Base Rate and a rate determined by such Note Agent or the Collateral Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of such Note Agent or the Collateral Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a) , each Lender or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party, hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from any Note Agent or the Collateral Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender or Secured Party, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case: 
 (i) (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y) , an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from such Note Agent or the Collateral Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z) ), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and 
 (ii) such Lender or Secured Party shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify such Note Agent or the Collateral Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Section 14.12(b). 
 (c) Each Lender or Secured Party hereby authorizes the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or Secured Party under any Transaction Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent to such Lender or Secured Party from any source, against any amount due to the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent under immediately preceding clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. 
 (d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a) , from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent s notice to such Lender at any time, (i) such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Advances (but not its Commitments) with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Advances (but not Commitments), the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender shall deliver any Notes evidencing such Advances to the Borrower or the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent, (ii) the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender shall cease to be a Lender hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as 
 
 - 116 - 
 
 to such assigning Lender and (iv) the Note Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Advances subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. The Note Agent or the Collateral Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Advances acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Advances (or portion thereof), and the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender (and/or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent has sold a Loan (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Lender or Secured Party under the Transaction Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights ). 
 (e) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Note Agent, the Collateral Agent or other applicable Secured Party from the Borrower for the purpose of making payment in respect of the Obligations. 
 (f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 
 (g) Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 14.12 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Note Agent or the Collateral Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof). 
 ARTICLE XV 
 ASSIGNMENTS 
 Section 15.1 Restrictions on Assignments by the Borrower and the Servicer . Except as specifically provided herein, neither the Borrower nor the Servicer may assign any of their respective rights or obligations hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Facility Agent and the Required Lenders in their respective sole discretion and any attempted assignment in violation of this Section 15.1 shall be null and void. 
 Section 15.2 Documentation . In connection with any permitted assignment, each Lender shall deliver to each assignee an assignment, in such form as such Lender and the related assignee may agree, duly executed by such Lender assigning any such rights, obligations, Advance or Note to the assignee; and such Lender shall promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further action, that the assignee may reasonably request, in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the assignee s right, title and interest in and to the items assigned, and to enable the assignee to exercise or enforce any rights hereunder or under the Notes evidencing such Advance. In the case of an assignment of any Commitment (or any portion thereof) or any Advance (or any portion thereof) the assignee shall execute and deliver to the Servicer, the Borrower, the Facility Agent and the Collateral Agent a fully executed assignment thereof or a Joinder Agreement substantially in the 
 
 - 117 - 
 
 form of Exhibit E hereto. If the assignee is not an existing Lender it shall deliver to the Collateral Agent any tax forms and other information requested by the Collateral Agent for purposes of conducting its customary know your customer inquiries. 
 Section 15.3 Rights of Assignee . Upon the foreclosure of any assignment of any Advances made for security purposes, or upon any other assignment of any Advance from any Lender pursuant to this Article XV , the respective assignee receiving such assignment shall have all of the rights of such Lender hereunder with respect to such Advances and all references to the Lender or Lenders in Sections 4.3 or 5.1 shall be deemed to apply to such assignee. 
 Section 15.4 Assignment by Lenders . Any Lender may assign an interest in, or sell a participation interest in any Advance (or portion thereof) or its Commitment (or any portion thereof) pursuant to any one of the following clauses (a) through (e); provided that the Lenders shall not assign any interest in, or sell a participation in any Advance (or portion thereof) or its Commitment (or any portion thereof), to the Equityholder or any Affiliate of the Equityholder: 
 (a) to any Person, if an Unmatured Event of Default, Event of Default, Unmatured Servicer Default or Servicer Default has occurred and is continuing; 
 (b) to an Affiliate of such Lender; 
 (c) to another Lender; 
 (d) to any Person if such Lender makes a determination that its ownership of any of its rights or obligations hereunder is prohibited by Applicable Law (including, without limitation, the Volcker Rule); or 
 (e) to any Person with the prior written consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned); 
 provided , that each Lender shall first offer to sell such interest(s) to (i) the Lender affiliated with the Facility Agent and, if such Lender does not accept such offer within 10 Business Days, then (ii) to each remaining Lender (pro rata) for a period of 10 Business Days prior to offering to any Person that is not an existing Lender. 
 Each Lender shall endorse the Notes to reflect any assignments made pursuant to this Article XV or otherwise. 
 Section 15.5 Registration; Registration of Transfer and Exchange . (a) The Facility Agent, acting solely for this purpose as agent for the Borrower (and, in such capacity, the Loan Registrar ), shall maintain a register for the recordation of the name and address of each Lender (including any assignees), and the principal amounts (and stated interest) owing to such Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Loan Register ). The entries in the Loan Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Collateral Agent, the Facility Agent, each Agent and each Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Loan Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder. The Loan Register shall be available for inspection by any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice and the Loan Registrar will provide a copy of the Loan Register to the Collateral Agent upon its request. 
 (b) Each Person who has or who acquired an interest in a Note shall be deemed by such acquisition to have agreed to be bound by the provisions of this Section 15.5(b) . A Note may be exchanged (in accordance with Section 15.5(c) and transferred to the holders (or their agents or nominees) of the Advances and to any assignee (in accordance with Section 15.1 (or its agent or nominee) of all or a portion of the Advances. The Loan Registrar shall not register (or cause to be registered) the transfer of such Note, unless the proposed 
 
 - 118 - 
 
 transferee shall have delivered to the Loan Registrar either (i) an Opinion of Counsel that the transfer of such Note is exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all applicable state securities laws and that the transfer does not constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or (ii) an express agreement by the proposed transferee to be bound by and to abide by the provisions of this Section 15.5(b) and the restrictions noted on the face of such Note. 
 (c) At the option of the holder thereof, a Note may be exchanged for one or more new Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like class and aggregate principal amount at an office or agency of the Borrower. Whenever any Note is so surrendered for exchange, the Borrower shall execute and deliver (through the Loan Registrar) the new Note which the holder making the exchange is entitled to receive at the Loan Registrar s office, located at DB Services Americas Inc., 5022 Gate Parkway, Suite 200, Jacksonville, Florida, 32256, Attention: Transfer Unit. 
 (d) Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note at an office or agency of the Borrower, the Borrower shall execute and deliver (through the Loan Registrar), in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like class and aggregate principal amount. 
 (e) All Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of any Note in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be the valid obligations of the Borrower, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Agreement, as the Note(s) surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange. 
 (f) Every Note presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange shall (if so required by the Borrower or the Loan Registrar) be fully endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Loan Registrar, duly executed by the holder thereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing. 
 (g) No service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of a Note, but the Borrower may require payment from the transferee holder of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer of exchange of a Note. 
 (h) The holders of the Notes shall be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 Section 15.6 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Notes . (a) If any mutilated Note is surrendered to the Loan Registrar, the Borrower shall execute and deliver (through the Loan Registrar) in exchange therefor a new Note of like class and tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding. 
 (b) If there shall be delivered to the Borrower and the Loan Registrar prior to the payment of the Notes (i) evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note and (ii) such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them and any agent of either of them harmless, then, in the absence of notice to the Borrower or the Loan Registrar that such Note has been acquired by a bona fide Lender, the Borrower shall execute and deliver (through the Loan Registrar), in lieu of any such destroyed, lost or stolen Note, a new Note of like class, tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding. 
 (c) Upon the issuance of any new Note under this Section 15.6 , the Borrower may require the payment from the transferor holder of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses connected therewith. 
 
 - 119 - 
 
 (d) Every new Note issued pursuant to this Section 15.6 and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, in lieu of any destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Borrower, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Agreement equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder. 
 (e) The provisions of this Section 15.6 are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of a mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note. 
 Section 15.7 Persons Deemed Owners . The Borrower, the Servicer, the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent and any agent for any of the foregoing may treat the holder of any Note as the owner of such Note for all purposes whatsoever, whether or not such Note may be overdue, and none of Borrower, the Servicer, the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent and any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 
 Section 15.8 Cancellation . All Notes surrendered for payment or registration of transfer or exchange shall be promptly canceled. The Borrower shall promptly cancel and deliver to the Loan Registrar any Notes previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the Borrower may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and all Notes so delivered shall be promptly canceled by the Borrower. No Notes shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Notes canceled as provided in this Section 15.8 , except as expressly permitted by this Agreement. 
 Section 15.9 Participations; Pledge . (a) At any time and from time to time, each Lender may, in accordance with Applicable Law, grant participations in all or a portion of its Note and/or its interest in the Advances and other payments due to it under this Agreement to any Person (each, a Participant ). Each Lender hereby acknowledges and agrees that (A) any such participation will not alter or affect such Lender s direct obligations hereunder, and (B) none of the Borrower, the Servicer, the Facility Agent, any Lender, the Collateral Agent nor the Servicer shall have any obligation to have any communication or relationship with any Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 4.3 and Section 5.1 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 4.3(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 4.3(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to this Article XV; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 17.16 as if it were an assignee under this Article XV ; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 4.3 or Section 5.1, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent that such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a change in any Applicable Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower's request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 17.16(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 17.1 as though it were a Lender. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything in Section 15.9(a) to the contrary, each Lender may pledge its interest in the Advances and the Notes to any Federal Reserve Bank as collateral in accordance with Applicable Law without the prior written consent of any Person. 
 (c) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the obligations under the Transaction Documents 
 
 - 120 - 
 
 (the Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any obligations under any Transaction Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. The Facility Agent (in its capacity as Facility Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 Section 15.10 Reallocation of Advances . Any reallocation of Advances among Lenders pursuant to an assignment executed by such Lender and its assignee(s) and delivered pursuant to Article XV or pursuant to a Joinder Agreement executed and delivered pursuant to Article XV in each case shall be wired by the applicable purchasing Lender(s) to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the wiring instructions provided by the Collateral Agent; provided that the Collateral Agent shall not wire such amounts to the applicable selling Lender(s) until it has received an executed assignment agreement or Joinder Agreement, as applicable. 
 ARTICLE XVI 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 Section 16.1 Borrower Indemnity . Without limiting any other rights which any such Person may have hereunder or under Applicable Law, the Borrower agrees to indemnify the Facility Agent, the Agents, the Lenders, the Loan Registrar, the Collateral Custodian, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Agent and each of their Affiliates, and each of their respective successors, transferees, participants and assigns and all officers, directors, shareholders, controlling persons, employees and agents of any of the foregoing (each of the foregoing Persons being individually called an Indemnified Party ), forthwith on demand, from and against any and all damages (including punitive damages), losses, claims, liabilities and related reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including reasonable and documented attorneys and accountants fees and disbursements (all of the foregoing being collectively called Indemnified Amounts awarded against or incurred by any of them arising out of or relating to any Transaction Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including the structuring and arranging of such transactions) or the use of proceeds therefrom by the Borrower, including in respect of the funding of any Advance or any breach of any representation, warranty or covenant of the Borrower, the Equityholder or the Servicer in any Transaction Document or in any certificate or other written material delivered by any of them pursuant to any Transaction Document, excluding, however , Indemnified Amounts payable to an Indemnified Party (a) to the extent determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of any Indemnified Party and (b) other than in the case of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the Securities Intermediary, resulting from the performance of the Collateral Obligations. In no event shall the Borrower be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Borrower has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action; provided that this sentence shall in no way limit or vitiate any obligations of any Borrower to indemnify the Indemnified Parties hereunder with respect to a claim for special, indirect, punitive or consequential losses or damages whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits). 
 Indemnification under this Section 16.1 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the resignation or removal of any Indemnified Party and shall include reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of litigation, including enforcement of this indemnity. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Borrower will be obligated to pay any Indemnified Amount on any given day only to the extent there are amounts available therefor pursuant to Section 8.3(a) . 
 
 - 121 - 
 
 Section 16.2 Servicer Indemnity . Without limiting any other rights which any such Person may have hereunder or under Applicable Law, the Servicer agrees to indemnify the Indemnified Parties forthwith on demand, from and against any and all Indemnified Amounts incurred by such Indemnified Party by reason of any acts or omissions of the Servicer in its capacity as Servicer and related to any Transaction Document, the transactions contemplated thereby or any certificate or other written material delivered by the Servicer pursuant hereto or thereto, excluding, however , Indemnified Amounts payable to an Indemnified Party (a) to the extent determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of any Indemnified Party and (b) resulting from the performance of the Collateral Obligations. 
 Indemnification under this Section 16.2 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the resignation or removal of any Indemnified Party and shall include reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of litigation. 
 Section 16.3 Contribution . (a) If for any reason (other than the exclusions set forth in the first paragraph of Section 16.1) the indemnification provided above in Section 16.1 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or is insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless, then the Borrower agrees to contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by such Indemnified Party, on the one hand, and the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the other hand, but also the relative fault of such Indemnified Party, on the one hand, and the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the other hand, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. 
 (b) If for any reason (other than the exclusions set forth in the first paragraph of Section 16.2) the indemnification provided above in Section 16.2 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or is insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless, then the Servicer agrees to contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by such Indemnified Party, on the one hand, and the Servicer and its Affiliates, on the other hand, but also the relative fault of such Indemnified Party, on the one hand, and the Servicer and its Affiliates, on the other hand, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. 
 Section 16.4 After-Tax Basis. Indemnification under Section 16.1 and Section 16.2 shall be in an amount necessary to make the Indemnified Party whole after taking into account any Tax consequences to the Indemnified Party of the receipt of the indemnity provided hereunder (or of the incurrence of the underlying damage, cost or expense), including the effect of such Tax or refund on the amount of Tax measured by net income or profits that is or was payable by the Indemnified Party (and the effect of any deduction or loss realized by the Indemnified Party). 
 ARTICLE XVII 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 17.1 No Waiver; Remedies . No failure on the part of any Lender, the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Securities Intermediary, any Indemnified Party or any Affected Person to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise by any of them of any right, power or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender is hereby authorized by the Borrower during the existence of an Event of Default, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by it to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower to the amounts owed by the Borrower under this Agreement, to the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral 
 
 - 122 - 
 
 Custodian, the Securities Intermediary, any Affected Person, any Indemnified Party or any Lender or their respective successors and assigns. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender is hereby authorized by the Servicer during the existence of an Event of Default, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by it to or for the credit or the account of the Servicer to the amounts owed by the Servicer under this Agreement, to the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Securities Intermediary, any Affected Person, any Indemnified Party, any Agent or any Lender or their respective successors and assigns. 
 Section 17.2 Amendments, Waivers . This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or modified nor may any provision hereof be waived except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 17.2 . 
 The Borrower, the Servicer , the Required Lenders and the Facility Agent may, from time to time enter into written amendments, supplements, waivers or modifications hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or changing in any manner the rights of any party hereto or waiving, on such terms and conditions as may be specified in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement; provided , that no such amendment, supplement, waiver or modification shall (i) reduce the amount of or extend the maturity of any payment with respect to an Advance or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of Yield thereon, or reduce or alter the timing of any other amount payable to any Lender hereunder, in each case without the consent of each Lender affected thereby, (ii) amend, modify or waive any provision of this Section 17.2 or Section 17.11 , or reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders, in each case without the written consent of all Lenders, (iii) amend, modify or waive any provision adversely affecting the obligations or duties of the Collateral Agent, in each case without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent and, (iv) amend, modify or waive any provision adversely affecting the obligations or duties of the Collateral Custodian, in each case without the prior written consent of the Collateral Custodian . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the LIBOR Rate and (v) constitute a Fundamental Amendment without the prior written consent of each Lender that is materially and adversely affected by such Fundamental Amendment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Facility Agent determines in its sole discretion that it can no longer support Term SOFR, or if Term SOFR ceases to exist or is reasonably expected to cease to exist within the succeeding three (3) months, the Borrower, the Servicer and the Facility Agent may (and such parties will reasonably cooperate with each other in good faith in order to) amend this Agreement to replace references herein to the LIBOR Rate Term SOFR (and any associated terms and provisions) with any alternative floating reference rate (and any associated terms and provisions) that is then being generally used in U.S. credit markets for similar types of facilities . (including collateralized loan obligation transactions). Upon execution of any amendments by the Borrower, the Servicer and the Facility Agent as provided herein, the Servicer shall deliver a copy of such amendment to the Collateral Agent. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be limited to the provisions specifically set forth therein for the period of time set forth therein and shall not be construed to be a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the determination by any Lender that its ownership of any of its rights or obligations hereunder is prohibited by Applicable Law (including, without limitation, the Volcker Rule), each of the Borrower, the Servicer, each Lender, each Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the Facility Agent hereby agree to work in good faith to amend or amend and restate the commercial terms of this Agreement (including, if necessary, to re-document under a note purchase agreement or indenture) to ensure future compliance with such Applicable Law. 
 The Borrower and the Servicer each acknowledge that the Facility Agent may be communicating with other Lenders, Agents or potential lenders in connection with an amendment or syndication of this Agreement. 
 Section 17.3 Notices, Etc. All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing and shall be personally delivered or sent by electronic mail to the intended party at the address of such party set forth under its name on Annex A or at such other address as shall be 
 
 - 123 - 
 
 designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices and communications shall be effective, (a) if personally delivered, when received, (b) if sent by overnight courier, one Business Day after having been given to such courier, and (c) if delivered by electronic mail, when delivered, except that notices and communications pursuant to Section 2.2 , shall not be effective until received. In connection with any instructions, requests or directions sent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Custodian shall be entitled to request from such Person a list of authorized signers and any evidence of such related signatures (as may be amended from time to time). 
 Section 17.4 Costs and Expenses . In addition to the rights of indemnification granted under Section 16.1 , the Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Securities Intermediary, the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, syndication and administration of this Agreement, any liquidity support facility and the other documents and agreements to be delivered hereunder or with respect hereto, and, subject to any cap on such costs and expenses agreed upon in a separate letter agreement among the Borrower, the Servicer and the Facility Agent or the Collateral Agent and Collateral Custodian Fee Letter, as applicable, and the Borrower further agrees to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Securities Intermediary and the Lenders in connection with any amendments, waivers or consents executed in connection with this Agreement, including the reasonable fees and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of counsel to each of the Facility Agent, each Agent and any related Lender, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Custodian with respect thereto and with respect to advising such party as to its rights and remedies under this Agreement, and to pay all reasonable, documented and out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if any (including reasonable outside counsel fees and expenses), of the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Agents and the Lenders, in connection with the enforcement against the Servicer or the Borrower of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents and the other documents and agreements to be delivered hereunder or with respect hereto; provided that in the case of reimbursement of counsel for the Lenders other than the Facility Agent, such reimbursement shall be limited to one outside counsel to the Facility Agent, each Agent and any related Lender. 
 Section 17.5 Binding Effect; Survival . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Borrower, the Lenders, the Facility Agent, the Servicer, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian and their respective successors and assigns, and the provisions of Section 4.3 , Article V, and Article XVI shall inure to the benefit of the Affected Persons and the Indemnified Parties, respectively, and their respective successors and assigns; provided , nothing in the foregoing shall be deemed to authorize any assignment not permitted by Article XV. This Agreement shall create and constitute the continuing obligations of the parties hereto in accordance with its terms, and shall remain in full force and effect until (subject to the immediately following sentence) such time when all Obligations have been finally and fully paid in cash and performed. The rights and remedies with respect to any breach of any representation and warranty made by the Borrower pursuant to Article IX and the indemnification and payment provisions of Article V and Article XVI and the provisions of Section 17.10, Section 17.11 and Section 17.12 shall be continuing and shall survive any termination of this Agreement and any termination of any Person s rights to act as Servicer hereunder or under any other Transaction Document. 
 Section 17.6 Captions and Cross References . The various captions (including the table of contents) in this Agreement are provided solely for convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, references in this Agreement to any Section, Schedule or Exhibit are to such Section of or Schedule or Exhibit to this Agreement, as the case may be, and references in any Section, subsection, or clause to any subsection, clause or subclause are to such subsection, clause or subclause of such Section, subsection or clause. 
 Section 17.7 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability 
 
 - 124 - 
 
 without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 Section 17.8 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE NOTES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 Section 17.9 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which shall constitute together but one and the same agreement. Delivery of this Agreement by electronic mail shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 Section 17.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF THE EQUITYHOLDER, THE BORROWER, THE SERVICER, THE FACILITY AGENT, THE AGENTS OR ANY OTHER AFFECTED PERSON. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT IT HAS RECEIVED FULL AND SUFFICIENT CONSIDERATION FOR THIS PROVISION (AND EACH OTHER PROVISION OF EACH OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT TO WHICH IT IS A PARTY) AND THAT THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR ITS ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH SUCH OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT. 
 Section 17.11 No Proceedings . 
 (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each of the Servicer, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, each Agent, each Lender and the Facility Agent hereby agrees that it will not institute against the Borrower, or join any other Person in instituting against the Borrower, any insolvency proceeding (namely, any proceeding of the type referred to in the definition of Insolvency Event) so long as any Advances or other amounts due from the Borrower hereunder shall be outstanding or there shall not have elapsed one year plus one day since the last day on which any such Advances or other amounts shall be outstanding. The foregoing shall not limit such Person s right to file any claim in or otherwise take any action with respect to any insolvency proceeding that was instituted by any Person other than such Person. 
 (b) The provisions of this Section 17.11 are a material inducement for the Secured Parties to enter into this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and are an essential term hereof. The parties hereby agree that monetary damages are not adequate for a breach of the provisions of this Section 17.11 and the Facility Agent may seek and obtain specific performance of such provisions (including injunctive relief), including, without limitation, in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, winding up, insolvency, moratorium, winding up or liquidation proceedings, or other proceedings under United States federal or state bankruptcy laws, or any similar laws. The provisions of this paragraph shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 Section 17.12 Limited Recourse . No recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of a Lender contained in this Agreement shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that this Agreement is solely a corporate obligation of each Lender, and that no personal liability whatever shall attach to or be incurred by any incorporator, stockholder, 
 
 - 125 - 
 
 officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) or any of them under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of a Lender contained in this Agreement, or implied therefrom, and that any and all personal liability for breaches by a Lender of any of such obligations, covenants or agreements, either at common law or at equity, or by statute, rule or regulation, of every such incorporator, stockholder, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent is hereby expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration for the execution of this Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (but in no way limiting the obligations of the Equityholder, the Servicer or any other Person hereunder or under any Transaction Document), no recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Borrower or the Servicer contained in this Agreement shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, partner, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of the Borrower, the Servicer or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that this Agreement is solely a corporate obligation of the Borrower and the Servicer, and that no personal liability whatever shall attach to or be incurred by any incorporator, stockholder, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of the Borrower, the Servicer or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) or any of them under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Borrower or the Servicer contained in this Agreement, or implied therefrom, and that any and all personal liability for breaches by the Borrower or the Servicer of any of such obligations, covenants or agreements, either at common law or at equity, or by statute, rule or regulation, of every such incorporator, stockholder, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent is hereby expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration for the execution of this Agreement. 
 Section 17.13 ENTIRE AGREEMENT . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS EXECUTED AND DELIVERED HEREWITH REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO AND THERETO AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES. 
 Section 17.14 Confidentiality . (a) The Borrower, the Servicer, the Collateral Custodian and the Collateral Agent shall hold in confidence, and not disclose to any Person, the identity of any Lender or the terms of any fees payable in connection with this Agreement except they may disclose such information (i) to their or their Affiliates officers, directors, employees, agents, counsel, accountants, auditors, advisors, prospective lenders, equity investors or representatives, (ii) with the consent of such Lender, (iii) to the extent such information has become available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by or through such Person, or (iv) to the extent the Borrower, the Servicer, the Collateral Custodian or the Collateral Agent or any Affiliate of any of them should be required by any law or regulation applicable to it (including securities laws) or requested by any Official Body to disclose such information. 
 (b) The Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, each Agent and each Lender, severally and with respect to itself only, covenants and agrees that any information about the Borrower or its Affiliates or the Obligors, the Collateral Obligations, the Related Security or otherwise obtained by the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent or such Lender pursuant to this Agreement shall be held in confidence (it being understood that documents provided to the Facility Agent hereunder may in all cases be distributed by the Facility Agent to the Lenders) except that the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian or such Lender may disclose such information (i) to its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, counsel, accountants, auditors, advisors or representatives, (ii) to the extent such information has become available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by or through the Facility Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian or such Lender, (iii) to the extent such information was available to the Facility Agent or such Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure to the Facility Agent or such Lender hereunder, (iv) with the consent of the Servicer, (v) to the extent permitted by Article XV , or (vi) to the extent the Facility Agent or such 
 
 - 126 - 
 
 Lender should be (A) required in connection with any legal or regulatory proceeding or (B) requested by any Official Body to disclose such information; provided , that in the case of clause (vi) above, the Facility Agent or such Lender, as applicable, will use reasonable efforts to maintain confidentiality and will (unless otherwise prohibited by law) notify the Servicer of its intention to make any such disclosure prior to making any such disclosure. 
 Section 17.15 Non-Confidentiality of Tax Treatment . All parties hereto agree that each of them and each of their employees, representatives, and other agents may disclose to any and all Persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the transaction and all materials of any kind (including, without limitation, opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to any of them relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. Tax treatment and tax structure shall have the same meaning as such terms have for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4; provided that with respect to any document or similar item that in either case contains information concerning the tax treatment or tax structure of the transaction as well as other information, the provisions of this Section 17.15 shall only apply to such portions of the document or similar item that relate to the tax treatment or tax structure of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 Section 17.16 Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 5.1 , or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or Official Body for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 4.3 , then such Lender shall (at the request of the Borrower) use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking the Obligations or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 4.3 or Section 5.1, as the case may be, in the future, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) At any time there is more than one Lender, the Borrower shall be permitted, at its sole expense and effort, to replace any Lender, except (i) the Facility Agent or (ii) any Lender which is administered by the Facility Agent or an Affiliate of the Facility Agent, that (a) requests reimbursement, payment or compensation for any amounts owing pursuant to Section 4.3 or Section 5.1 or (b) has received a written notice from the Borrower of an impending change in law that would entitle such Lender to payment of additional amounts pursuant to Section 4.3 or Section 5.1 , unless such Lender designates a different lending office before such change in law becomes effective pursuant to Section 17.16(a) and such alternate lending office obviates the need for the Borrower to make payments of additional amounts pursuant to Section 4.3 or Section 5.1 or (c) has not consented to any proposed amendment, supplement, modification, consent or waiver, each pursuant to Section 17.2 or (d) defaults in its obligation to make Advances hereunder or (e) becomes a Defaulting Lender; provided , that (i) nothing herein shall relieve a Lender from any liability it might have to the Borrower or to the other Lenders for its failure to make any Advance, (ii) the replacement financial institution shall purchase, at par, all Advances and other amounts owing to such replaced Lender on or prior to the date of replacement and reallocation of such Advances between the replacement financial institution and such replaced Lender shall be made in accordance with Section 15.10 , (iii) during the Revolving Period, the replacement financial institution, if not already a Lender, shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Facility Agent, (iv) the replaced Lender shall be obligated to make such replacement in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.4(a) , (v) until such time as such replacement shall be consummated, the Borrower shall pay all additional amounts (if any) for Increased Costs or Taxes, as the case may be, (vi) any such replacement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights that the Borrower, the Facility Agent or any other Lender shall have against the replaced Lender, and (vii) if such replacement is being effected as a result of a Lender requesting compensation pursuant to Section 4.3 or Section 5.1 , such replacement, if effected, will result in a reduction in such compensation or payment thereafter. Notwithstanding anything contained to the contrary in this Agreement, no Lender removed or replaced under the 
 
 - 127 - 
 
 provisions hereof shall have any right to receive any amounts set forth in Section 2.5(b) in connection with such removal or replacement. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 Section 17.17 Consent to Jurisdiction . Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or Federal court sitting in New York City in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Transaction Documents, and each party hereto hereby irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. The parties hereto hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent they may effectively do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. 
 Section 17.18 Option to Acquire Rating . Each party hereto hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Facility Agent (on behalf and at the expense of the requesting Lender) may, at any time and in its sole discretion, obtain a public rating for this loan facility. The Borrower and the Servicer hereby agree to use commercially reasonable efforts, at the request of the Facility Agent and at the expense of the requesting Lender, to cooperate with the acquisition and maintenance of any such rating. 
 Section 17.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Transaction Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Transaction Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 Section 17.20 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that this Agreement provides support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedging Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable 
 
 - 128 - 
 
 notwithstanding that this Agreement and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 
 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 ARTICLE XVIII 
 COLLATERAL CUSTODIAN 
 Section 18.1 Designation of Collateral Custodian . The role of Collateral Custodian with respect to the Collateral Obligation Files shall be conducted by the Person designated as Collateral Custodian hereunder from time to time in accordance with this Section 18.1 . U.S. Bank National Association is hereby appointed as, and hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the duties and obligations of, Collateral Custodian pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 Section 18.2 Duties of the Collateral Custodian . 
 (a) Duties . The Collateral Custodian shall perform, on behalf of the Secured Parties, the following duties and obligations: 
 (i) The Collateral Custodian, as the duly appointed agent of the Secured Parties, shall take and retain custody of the Collateral Obligation Files delivered to it by, or on behalf of, the Borrower for each Collateral Obligation listed on the Schedule of Collateral Obligations attached to the related Asset Approval Request or the related Reinvestment Request. The Collateral Custodian acknowledges that in connection with any Asset Approval Request or Reinvestment Request, additional Collateral Obligation Files (specified on an accompanying Schedule of Collateral Obligations supplement) may be delivered to the Collateral Custodian from time to time. Promptly upon the receipt of any such delivery of Collateral Obligation Files and without any review, the Collateral Custodian shall send notice of such receipt to the Servicer, the Borrower and the Facility Agent. 
 (ii) With respect to each Collateral Obligation File which has been or will be delivered to the Collateral Custodian, the Collateral Custodian shall act exclusively as the custodian of the Secured Parties, and has no instructions to hold any Collateral Obligation File for the benefit of any Person other than the Secured Parties and undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Agreement. In so taking and retaining custody of the Collateral Obligation Files, the Collateral Custodian shall be deemed to be acting for the purpose of perfecting the Collateral Agent s security interest therein under the UCC. Except as 
 
 - 129 - 
 
 permitted by Section 18.5 , no Collateral Obligation File or other document constituting a part of a Collateral Obligation File shall be released from the possession of the Collateral Custodian. 
 (iii) The Collateral Custodian shall maintain continuous custody of all Collateral Obligation Files in its possession in secure facilities in accordance with customary standards for such custody and shall reflect in its records the interest of the Secured Parties therein. Each Collateral Obligation File which comes into the possession of the Collateral Agent (other than documents delivered electronically) shall be maintained in fire-resistant vaults or cabinets at the office of the Collateral Custodian specified in Annex A or at such other offices as shall be specified to the Facility Agent and the Servicer in a written notice at least thirty (30) days prior to such change. Each Collateral Obligation File shall be marked with an appropriate identifying label (other than documents delivered electronically) and maintained in such manner so as to permit retrieval and access by the Collateral Custodian and the Facility Agent. The Collateral Custodian shall keep the Collateral Obligation Files clearly segregated from any other documents or instruments in its files. 
 (iv) With respect to the documents comprising each Collateral Obligation File, the Collateral Custodian shall (i) act exclusively as Collateral Custodian for the Secured Parties, (ii) hold all documents constituting such Collateral Obligation File received by it for the exclusive use and benefit of the Secured Parties and (iii) make disposition thereof only in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or with written instructions furnished by the Facility Agent; provided, that in the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the written instructions of the Facility Agent, the Facility Agent s written instructions shall control. 
 (v) The Collateral Custodian shall accept only written instructions of an Executive Officer, in the case of the Borrower or the Servicer, or a Responsible Officer, in the case of the Facility Agent, concerning the use, handling and disposition of the Collateral Obligation Files. 
 (vi) In the event that (i) the Borrower, the Facility Agent, the Servicer, the Collateral Custodian or the Collateral Agent shall be served by a third party with any type of levy, attachment, writ or court order with respect to any Collateral Obligation File or a document included within a Collateral Obligation File or (ii) a third party shall institute any court proceeding by which any Collateral Obligation File or a document included within a Collateral Obligation File shall be required to be delivered other than in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the party receiving such service shall promptly deliver or cause to be delivered to the other parties to this Agreement (to the extent not prohibited by Applicable Law) copies of all court papers, orders, documents and other materials concerning such proceedings. The Collateral Custodian shall, to the extent permitted by law, continue to hold and maintain all the Collateral Obligation Files that are the subject of such proceedings pending a final, nonappealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction permitting or directing disposition thereof. Upon final determination of such court, the Collateral Custodian shall dispose of such Collateral Obligation File or a document included within such Collateral Obligation File as directed by the Facility Agent, which shall give a direction consistent with such determination. Expenses of the Collateral Custodian incurred as a result of such proceedings shall be borne by the Borrower. 
 (vii) The Facility Agent may direct the Collateral Custodian to take any such incidental action hereunder. With respect to other actions which are incidental to the actions specifically delegated to the Collateral Custodian hereunder, the Collateral Custodian shall not be required to take any such incidental action hereunder, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting) upon the direction of the Facility Agent; provided that the Collateral Custodian shall not be required to take any action hereunder at the request of the Facility Agent, any Secured Parties or otherwise if the taking of such action, in the reasonable determination of the Collateral Custodian, (x) shall be in violation of any Applicable Law or contrary to any provisions of this Agreement or (y) shall expose the Collateral Custodian to liability hereunder or otherwise (unless it has received indemnity which it reasonably deems to be satisfactory with respect thereto). In the event the Collateral Custodian requests the consent of the Facility Agent and the Collateral 
 
 - 130 - 
 
 Custodian does not receive a consent (either positive or negative) from the Facility Agent within ten (10) Business Days of its receipt of such request, then the Facility Agent shall be deemed to have declined to consent to the relevant action. 
 (viii) The Collateral Custodian shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in accordance with the request or direction of any Secured Party, to the extent that this Agreement provides such Secured Party the right to so direct the Collateral Custodian, or the Facility Agent. The Collateral Custodian shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any matter hereunder, including an Event of Default, unless a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Custodian has knowledge of such matter or written notice thereof is received by the Collateral Custodian. 
 Section 18.3 Delivery of Collateral Obligation Files . (a) The Servicer (on behalf of the Borrower) shall deliver, on or prior to the applicable Funding Date (but no more than five (5) Business Days after such Funding Date, except as set forth in Section 10.20 the Collateral Obligation Files for each Collateral Obligation listed on the Schedule of Collateral Obligations attached to the related Asset Approval Request. In connection with each delivery of a Collateral Obligation File to the Collateral Custodian, the Servicer shall represent and warrant that the Collateral Obligation Files delivered to the Collateral Custodian include all of the documents listed in the related Document Checklist and all of such documents and the information contained in the Schedule of Collateral Obligations are complete in all material respects pursuant to a certification in the form of Exhibit H executed by an Executive Officer of the Servicer. 
 (b) From time to time, the Servicer, promptly following receipt, shall forward to the Collateral Custodian (as identified on an accompanying Schedule of Collateral Obligations supplement) additional documents evidencing any assumption, modification, consolidation or extension of a Collateral Obligation, and upon receipt of any such other documents, the Collateral Custodian shall hold such other documents as the Servicer shall deliver in writing from time to time. 
 (c) With respect to any documents comprising the Collateral Obligation File that have been delivered or are being delivered to recording offices for recording and have not been returned to the Borrower or the Servicer in time to permit their delivery hereunder at the time required, in lieu of delivering such original documents, the Borrower or the Servicer shall indicate such on a Schedule of Collateral Obligations supplement and deliver to the Collateral Custodian a true copy thereof. The Borrower or the Servicer shall deliver such original documents to the Collateral Custodian promptly when they are received. 
 Section 18.4 Collateral Obligation File Certification . (a) On or prior to each Funding Date, the Servicer shall provide a Schedule of Collateral Obligations and related Document Checklist dated as of such Funding Date to the Collateral Custodian, the Collateral Agent and the Facility Agent (such information contained in the Schedule of Collateral Obligations shall also be delivered in Microsoft Excel format or another format reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Custodian) with respect to the Collateral Obligations to be delivered to the Collateral Agent on such Funding Date. 
 (b) In connection with (and as part of) each Monthly Report, with respect to the Collateral Obligation Files delivered at least five (5) Business Days prior to the related Reporting Date, the Collateral Custodian shall prepare a report (to be included as a part of each Monthly Report) in respect of each of the Collateral Obligations, to the effect that, as to each Collateral Obligation listed on the Schedule of Collateral Obligations attached to the related Advance Request or Reinvestment Request, based on the Collateral Custodian s examination of the Collateral Obligation File for each Collateral Obligation and the related Document Checklist, except for variances from the documents identified in the Document Checklist with respect to the related Collateral Obligation Files, (i) all documents required to be delivered in respect of such Collateral Obligations pursuant to the Document Checklist have been delivered and are in the possession of the Collateral Custodian as part of the Collateral Obligation File for such Collateral Obligation (other than 
 
 - 131 - 
 
 those released pursuant to Section 18.5 ), and (ii) all such documents have been reviewed by the Collateral Custodian and appear on their face to be regular and to relate to such Collateral Obligation. The Collateral Custodian shall also maintain records of the total number of Collateral Obligation Files that do not have the documents provided on the Document Checklist and will forward such total to the Collateral Agent for inclusion in each Monthly Report. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any language to the contrary herein, the Collateral Custodian shall make no representations as to, and shall not be responsible to verify, (i) the validity, legality, ownership, title, perfection, priority, enforceability, due authorization, recordability, sufficiency for any purpose, or genuineness of any of the documents contained in each Collateral Obligation File or (ii) the collectibility, insurability, effectiveness or suitability of any such Collateral Obligation. 
 Section 18.5 Release of Collateral Obligation Files . (a) Upon satisfaction of any of the conditions set forth in Section 12.3 , the Servicer will provide an Officer s Certificate to such effect to the Collateral Custodian (with a copy to the Facility Agent) and shall request in writing delivery to it of the Collateral Obligation File and a copy thereof shall be sent concurrently by the Servicer to the Facility Agent. Upon receipt of such certification and request, unless it receives notice to the contrary from the Facility Agent, the Collateral Custodian shall within three days release the related Collateral Obligation File to the Servicer and the Servicer will not be required to return the related Collateral Obligation File to the Collateral Custodian. 
 (b) From time to time and as appropriate for the servicing or foreclosure of any of the Collateral Obligations, including, for this purpose, collection under any insurance policy relating to the Collateral Obligations, the Collateral Custodian shall, upon receipt of a Request for Release and Receipt substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 from an authorized representative of the Servicer (as listed on Exhibit F-1 , as such exhibit may be amended from time to time by the Servicer with notice to the Collateral Custodian and the Facility Agent), release the related Collateral Obligation File or the documents set forth in such Request for Release and Receipt to the Servicer. In the event an Unmatured Event of Default, an Event of Default, an Unmatured Servicer Default or a Servicer Default has occurred and is continuing, the Servicer shall not make any such request with respect to any original documents unless the Facility Agent shall have consented in writing thereto (which consent may be evidenced by an executed counterpart to such request). The Servicer shall return each and every original document previously requested from the Collateral Obligation File to the Collateral Custodian when (x) the need therefor by the Servicer no longer exists or (y) the Collateral Obligation File or such document has been delivered to an attorney, or to a public trustee or other public official as required by law, for purposes of initiating or pursuing legal action or other proceedings for the foreclosure of the Related Security either judicially or non-judicially, the Servicer shall deliver to the Collateral Custodian a certificate executed by an Executive Officer certifying as to the name and address of the Person to which such Collateral Obligation File or such document was delivered and the purpose or purposes of such delivery. Upon receipt of a certificate of the Servicer substantially in the form of Exhibit F-3 , with a copy to the Facility Agent, stating that such Collateral Obligation was either (x) liquidated and that all amounts received or to be received in connection with such liquidation that are required to be deposited have been so deposited, or (y) sold pursuant to an Optional Sale in accordance with Section 7.10 , the Collateral Custodian shall within three (3) Business Days (provided, that the Collateral Custodian has received such request by 12:00 p.m. (EST) and if received after 12:00 p.m. (EST), four (4) Business Days of receipt of such request) release the requested Collateral Obligation File to the Servicer, or, in connection with an Optional Sale, repurchase or substitution, the Servicer will not be required to return the related Collateral Obligation File to the Collateral Custodian. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Servicer shall not, without the prior written consent of the Facility Agent, request any documents (other than copies thereof) held by the Collateral Custodian if the sum of the unpaid Principal Balances of all Collateral Obligations for which the Servicer is then in possession of the related Collateral Obligation File or any document comprising such Collateral Obligation File (other than for Collateral Obligations then held by the Servicer which have been 
 
 - 132 - 
 
 sold, repurchased, paid off or liquidated in accordance with this Agreement) (including the documents to be requested) exceeds 5 of the Adjusted Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Balance. The Servicer may hold, and hereby acknowledges that it shall hold, any documents and all other property included in the Collateral that it may from time to time receive hereunder as custodian for the Secured Parties solely at the will of the Collateral Custodian and the Secured Parties for the sole purpose of facilitating the servicing of the Collateral Obligations and such retention and possession shall be in a custodial capacity only. To the extent the Servicer, as agent of the Collateral Custodian and the Borrower, holds any Collateral, the Servicer shall do so in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy and the Servicing Standard as such standard applies to servicers acting as custodial agent. The Servicer shall promptly report to the Collateral Custodian and the Facility Agent the loss by it of all or part of any Collateral Obligation File previously provided to it by the Collateral Custodian and shall promptly take appropriate action to remedy any such loss. The Servicer shall hold (in accordance with Section 9-313(C) of the UCC) all documents comprising the Collateral Obligation Files in its possession as agent of the Collateral Agent. In such custodial capacity, the Servicer shall have and perform the following powers and duties: 
 (i) hold the Collateral Obligation Files and any document comprising a Collateral Obligation File that it may from time to time have in its possession for the benefit of the Collateral Custodian, on behalf of the Secured Parties, maintain accurate records pertaining to each Collateral Obligation to enable it to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and maintain a current inventory thereof; 
 (ii) implement policies and procedures consistent with the Credit and Collection Policy, the Servicing Standard and requirements of this Agreement so that the integrity and physical possession of such Collateral Obligation Files will be maintained; and 
 (iii) take all other actions, in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy and the Servicing Standard, in connection with maintaining custody of such Collateral Obligation Files on behalf of the Collateral Agent. 
 Acting as custodian of the Collateral Obligation Files pursuant to this Section 18.5 , the Servicer agrees that it does not and will not have or assert any beneficial ownership interest in the Collateral Obligations or the Collateral Obligation Files. 
 Section 18.6 Examination of Collateral Obligation Files . Upon reasonable prior notice to the Collateral Custodian, the Borrower, the Servicer and their agents, accountants, attorneys and auditors will be permitted during normal business hours to examine and make copies of the Collateral Obligation Files, documents, records and other papers in the possession of or under the control of the Collateral Custodian relating to any or all of the Collateral Obligations. Prior to the occurrence of an Unmatured Event of Default, an Event of Default, an Unmatured Servicer Default or a Servicer Default, upon the request of the Facility Agent and at the cost and expense of the Servicer, the Collateral Custodian shall promptly provide the Facility Agent with the Collateral Obligation Files or copies, as designated by the Facility Agent, subject to the cap on costs and expenses and other terms and conditions set forth in Section 7.9(d); provided, the Collateral Custodian shall not be required to provide such copies if it does not receive adequate assurance of payment. 
 Section 18.7 Lost Note Affidavit . In the event that the Collateral Custodian fails to produce any original promissory note delivered to it related to a Collateral Obligation that was in its possession pursuant to Section 10.20 within five (5) Business Days after required or requested by the Facility Agent and provided that (a) the Collateral Custodian previously certified in writing to the Facility Agent that it had received such original promissory note and (b) such original promissory note is not outstanding pursuant to a Request for Release and Receipt, then the Collateral Custodian shall with respect to any missing original promissory note, promptly deliver to the Facility Agent upon request a lost note affidavit. 
 
 - 133 - 
 
 Section 18.8 Transmission of Collateral Obligation Files . Written instructions as to the method of shipment and shipper(s) the Collateral Custodian is directed to utilize in connection with the transmission of Collateral Obligation Files in the performance of the Collateral Custodian s duties hereunder shall be delivered by the Facility Agent or the Servicer to the Collateral Custodian prior to any shipment of any Collateral Obligation Files hereunder. In the event the Collateral Custodian does not receive such written instruction from the Facility Agent or the Servicer (as applicable), the Collateral Custodian shall be authorized and indemnified as provided herein to utilize a nationally recognized courier service. The Servicer shall arrange for the provision of such services at its sole cost and expense (or, at the Collateral Custodian s option, reimburse the Collateral Custodian for all costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Custodian consistent with such instructions) and shall maintain such insurance against loss or damage to the Collateral Obligation Files as the Servicer deems appropriate. 
 Section 18.9 Merger or Consolidation . Any Person (i) into which the Collateral Custodian may be merged or consolidated, (ii) that may result from any merger or consolidation to which the Collateral Custodian shall be a party, or (iii) that may succeed to the properties and assets of the Collateral Custodian substantially as a whole, which Person in any of the foregoing cases executes an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of the Collateral Custodian hereunder, shall be the successor to the Collateral Custodian under this Agreement without further act of any of the parties to this Agreement. 
 Section 18.10 Collateral Custodian Compensation . As compensation for its Collateral Custodian activities hereunder, the Collateral Custodian shall be entitled to its fees and expenses from the Borrower as set forth in the Collateral Agent and Collateral Custodian Fee Letter and any other accrued and unpaid fees, expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses) and indemnity amounts payable by the Borrower or the Servicer, or both but without duplication, to the Collateral Custodian (including Indemnified Amounts under Article XVI under the Transaction Documents (collectively, the Collateral Custodian Fees and Expenses ). The Borrower agrees to reimburse the Collateral Custodian in accordance with the provisions of Section 8.3(a) for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Collateral Custodian in accordance with any provision of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or in the enforcement of any provision hereof or in the other Transaction Documents. The Collateral Custodian s entitlement to receive fees (other than any previously accrued and unpaid fees) shall cease on the earlier to occur of: (i) its removal as Collateral Custodian and appointment and acceptance by the successor Collateral Custodian pursuant to Section 18.11 and the Collateral Custodian has ceased to hold any Collateral Obligation Files or (ii) the termination of this Agreement. 
 Section 18.11 Removal or Resignation of Collateral Custodian . (a) After the expiration of the 180-day period commencing on the date hereof, the Collateral Custodian may at any time resign and terminate its obligations under this Agreement upon at least 60 days prior written notice to the Servicer, the Borrower and the Facility Agent; provided , that no resignation or removal of the Collateral Custodian will be permitted unless a successor Collateral Custodian has been appointed which successor Collateral Custodian, so long as no Unmatured Servicer Default, Servicer Default, Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, is reasonably acceptable to the Servicer. Promptly after receipt of notice of the Collateral Custodian s resignation, the Facility Agent shall promptly appoint a successor Collateral Custodian by written instrument, in duplicate, copies of which instrument shall be delivered to the Borrower, the Servicer, the resigning Collateral Custodian and to the successor Collateral Custodian. 
 (b) The Facility Agent upon at least 60 days prior written notice to the Collateral Custodian, may remove and discharge the Collateral Custodian or any successor Collateral Custodian thereafter appointed from the performance of its duties under this Agreement for cause. Promptly after giving notice of removal of the Collateral Custodian, the Facility Agent shall appoint, or petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint, a successor Collateral Custodian. Any such appointment shall be accomplished by written instrument and one original counterpart of such instrument of appointment shall be delivered to the Collateral Custodian and the successor Collateral Custodian, with a copy delivered to the Borrower and the Servicer. 
 
 - 134 - 
 
 (c) In the event of any such resignation or removal, the Collateral Custodian shall, no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of notice of the successor Collateral Custodian, transfer to the successor Collateral Custodian, as directed in writing by the Facility Agent, all the Collateral Obligation Files being administered under this Agreement. The cost of the shipment of Collateral Obligation Files arising out of the resignation of the Collateral Custodian pursuant to Section 18.11(a) , or the termination for cause of the Collateral Custodian pursuant to Section 18.11(b) , shall be at the expense of the Collateral Custodian. Any cost of shipment arising out of the removal or discharge of the Collateral Custodian without cause pursuant to Section 18.11(b) shall be at the expense of the Borrower. 
 Section 18.12 Limitations on Liability . (a) The Collateral Custodian may conclusively rely on and shall be fully protected in acting upon any certificate, instrument, opinion, notice, letter, telegram or other document delivered to it and that in good faith it reasonably believes to be genuine and that has been signed by the proper party or parties. The Collateral Custodian may rely conclusively on and shall be fully protected in acting upon (a) the written instructions of any designated officer of the Facility Agent or (b) the verbal instructions of the Facility Agent. 
 (b) The Collateral Custodian may consult counsel satisfactory to it and the advice or opinion of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel. 
 (c) The Collateral Custodian shall not be liable for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or omitted by it, in good faith, or for any mistakes of fact or law, or for anything that it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith except in the case of its willful misconduct or grossly negligent performance or omission of its duties and in the case of the negligent performance of its duties in taking and retaining custody of the Collateral Obligation Files. 
 (d) The Collateral Custodian makes no warranty or representation and shall have no responsibility (except as expressly set forth in this Agreement) as to the content, enforceability, completeness, validity, sufficiency, value, genuineness, ownership or transferability of the Collateral, and will not be required to and will not make any representations as to the validity or value (except as expressly set forth in this Agreement) of any of the Collateral. The Collateral Custodian shall not be obligated to take any action hereunder that might in its judgment involve any expense or liability unless it has been furnished with an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it. 
 (e) The Collateral Custodian shall have no duties or responsibilities except such duties and responsibilities as are specifically set forth in this Agreement and no covenants or obligations shall be implied in this Agreement against the Collateral Custodian. 
 (f) The Collateral Custodian shall not be required to expend or risk its own funds in the performance of its duties hereunder. In no event shall the Collateral Custodian be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder because of circumstances beyond its control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, flood, war (whether declared or undeclared), terrorism, fire, riot, embargo, government action (including any laws, ordinances, regulations) or the like that delay, restrict or prohibit the providing of services by the Collateral Custodian as contemplated by this Agreement. 
 (g) It is expressly agreed and acknowledged that the Collateral Custodian is not guaranteeing performance of or assuming any liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any parties to the Collateral. 
 (h) In case any reasonable question arises as to its duties hereunder, the Collateral Custodian may, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default or the Facility Termination Date, request instructions from 
 
 - 135 - 
 
 the Servicer and may, after the occurrence of an Event of Default or the Facility Termination Date, request instructions from the Facility Agent, and shall be entitled at all times to refrain from taking any action unless it has received instructions from the Servicer or the Facility Agent, as applicable. The Collateral Custodian shall in all events have no liability, risk or cost for any action taken pursuant to and in compliance with the instruction of the Facility Agent. In no event shall the Collateral Custodian be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Collateral Custodian has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 
 (i) Each of the protections, reliances, indemnities and immunities offered to the Collateral Agent in Section 11.7 and Section 11.8 shall be afforded to the Collateral Custodian. 
 Section 18.13 Collateral Custodian as Agent of Collateral Agent . The Collateral Custodian agrees that, with respect to any Collateral Obligation File at any time or times in its possession or held in its name, the Collateral Custodian shall be the agent and custodian of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, for purposes of perfecting (to the extent not otherwise perfected) the Collateral Agent s security interest in the Collateral and for the purpose of ensuring that such security interest is entitled to first priority status under the UCC. For so long as the Collateral Custodian is the same entity as the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian shall be entitled to the same rights and protections afforded to the Collateral Agent hereunder. 
 [Signature pages begin on next page] 
 
 - 136 - 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. 

MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as Borrower 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S- 1 

MSD INVESTMENT , LLC, CORP., as Equityholder and as Servicer 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S- 2 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S- 3 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Custodian 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S- 4 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, as Facility Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S- 5 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, as an Agent and as a Lender 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S- 6 

APPLE BANK FOR SAVINGS, as an Agent and as a Lender 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

FIRST FOUNDATION BANK, as an Agent and as a Lender 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

TEXAS CAPITAL BANK, as an Agent and as a Lender 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S- 7 
 
 ANNEX A 

Before March 1 st , 2022 

MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, 

as Borrower 

c/o MSD Partners, L.P. 

645 Fifth Ave, 21 st Floor 

New York, NY 10022-5910 

Attention: 
 Marcello Liguori / Brian Williams 

Telephone: 
 (212) 303-7822 

(212) 303-4726 

Email: mliguori@msdpartners.com; bwilliams@msdpartners.com 

MSD INVESTMENT, LLC, 

as Equityholder and Servicer 

c/o MSD Partners, L.P. 

645 Fifth Ave, 21 st Floor 

New York, NY 10022-5910 

Attention: 
 Marcello Liguori / Brian Williams 

Telephone: 
 (212) 303-7822 

(212) 303-4726 

Email: mliguori@msdpartners.com; bwilliams@msdpartners.com 

A- 1 

After March 1 st , 2022 

MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, 

as Borrower 

c/o MSD Partners, L.P. 

One Vanderbilt Avenue, 26th Floor 

New York, New York 10017 

Attention: 
 Marcello Liguori / Brian Williams 

Telephone: 
 (212) 303-7822 

(212) 303-4726 

Email: mliguori@msdpartners.com; bwilliams@msdpartners.com 

MSD INVESTMENT, LLC CORP , 

as Equityholder and Servicer 

c/o MSD Partners, L.P. 

One Vanderbilt Avenue, 26th Floor 

New York, New York 10017 

Attention: 
 Marcello Liguori / Brian Williams 

Telephone: 
 (212) 303-7822 

(212) 303-4726 

Email: mliguori@msdpartners.com; bwilliams@msdpartners.com 

A- 2 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Collateral Agent and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Custodian 

For delivery of 

Collateral Obligation files only: 

U.S. Bank National Association 

1719 Otis Way 

Florence, South Carolina 29501 

Attention: Steve Garrett 

Telephone: (843) 673-0162 

Facsimile: (843) 676-8901 

Email: steven.garrett@usbank.com 

For all other notices and communications: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

190 South LaSalle Street 

Chicago, IL 60603 

Attention: Global Corporate Trust MSD BDC SPV I, LLC 

Email: kevin.kasjanski@usbank.com 

Telephone: (312) 332-6957 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, 

as Facility Agent 

One Columbus Circle 

New York, New York 10019 

Attention: Asset Finance Department 

Email: abs.conduits@db.com, lenderfinance_collatreview@list.db.com, amit.patel@db.com, 

erica.flor@db.com and peter.sabino@db.com 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, 

as an Agent and as a Lender 

One Columbus Circle 

New York, New York 10019 

Attention: Asset Finance Department 

Email: abs.conduits@db.com, lenderfinance_collatreview@list.db.com, amit.patel@db.com, 

erica.flor@db.com and peter.sabino@db.com 

A- 3 

APPLE BANK FOR SAVING, 

as a Lender 

122 E. 42 nd Street, 9 th Floor 

New York, NY 10168 

Attention: Burt Feinberg 

email: Bfeinberg@applebank.com 

FIRST FOUNDATION BANK, 

as a Lender 

18101 Von Karman Avenue 

Suite 750 

Irvine, CA 92612 

Attention: Loan Servicing 

Telephone: 949-202-4103 

Facsimile: 949-202-4184 

email: investor@ff-inc.com 

TEXAS CAPITAL BANK, 

as a Lender 

2350 Lakeside Blvd., Suite 800 

Richardson, TX 75082 

Attention: Participation/Syndication Servicing 

Email: CreditServices-PartiSyndiServicing@texascapitalbank.com 

A- 4 
 
 Annex B 

Lender 
 Commitment 

Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch 
 400,000,000 

30,000,000 

First Foundation Bank 

Apple Bank for Savings 
 20,000,000 

Texas Capital Bank 
 15,000,000 

B- 1 

Exhibit B 
 
 CONFORMED EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES TO LOAN FINANCING AND SERVICING 
 AGREEMENT 

Conformed through Amendment No. 1 dated November 21, 2022 

SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 
 
 TO 
 
 LOAN FINANCING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 
 
 Dated as of December 21, 2021 
 
 (MSD BDC SPV I, LLC) 
 
 EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT A 
 Form of Note 

EXHIBIT B 
 Audit Standards 

EXHIBIT C-1 
 Form of Advance Request 

EXHIBIT C-2 
 Form of Reinvestment Request 

EXHIBIT C-3 
 Form of Electronic Asset Approval Request 

EXHIBIT C-4 
 Form of Prepayment Notice 

EXHIBIT C-5 
 Form of Electronic Asset Approval Notice 

EXHIBIT D 
 Form of Monthly Report 

EXHIBIT E 
 Form of Joinder Agreement 

EXHIBIT F-1 
 Authorized Representatives of Servicer 

EXHIBIT F-2 
 Request for Release and Receipt 

EXHIBIT F-3 
 Request for Release of Request for Release and Receipt 

EXHIBIT G-1 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Lender - non-Partnerships) 

EXHIBIT G-2 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Participant - non-Partnerships) 

EXHIBIT G-3 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Participants - Partnerships) 

EXHIBIT G-4 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Lenders - Partnerships) 

EXHIBIT H 
 Schedule of Collateral Obligations Certification 

SCHEDULES 

SCHEDULE 1 
 Diversity Score Calculation 

SCHEDULE 2 
 Moody s Industry Classification Group List 

SCHEDULE 3 
 Collateral Obligations 

SCHEDULE 4 
 Credit and Collection Policy 

SCHEDULE 5 
 Account Numbers 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 NOTE 
 
 THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAW, AND MAY NOT BE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY OFFERED OR SOLD OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF BY THE OWNER HEREOF UNLESS (1) SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT AND SUCH STATE LAWS, (2) THE TRANSFEREE IS EITHER (A) A QUALIFIED PURCHASER (AS DEFINED FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 3(c)(7) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT) OR (B) NOT A U.S. PERSON AND (3) SUCH TRANSACTION WILL NOT BE A PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ERISA ). BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, THE HOLDER AGREES TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS OF THE LOAN FINANCING AGREEMENT (AS DEFINED BELOW). 

[__] 
 [__], 20[__] 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (the Borrower ), promises to pay [__________], as Agent for the related Lender Group (the Agent the principal sum of [__] [__]) or, if less, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Advances shown on the schedule attached hereto (and any continuation thereof) and/or in the records of the Agent made by the Lenders in the related Lender Group pursuant to that certain Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021 (together with all amendments and other modifications, if any, from time to time thereafter made thereto, the Loan Financing Agreement ), among the Borrower, MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as Equityholder and as Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent and, U.S. Bank National Association, as Collateral Custodian, the Agents and Lenders from time to time parties thereto, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as Facility Agent, with the unpaid balance hereof due and payable in full on the Facility Termination Date. Unless otherwise defined, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings provided in the Loan Financing Agreement. 
 
 The Borrower also promises to pay Yield on the unpaid principal amount hereof from time to time outstanding from the date hereof until maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise) and, after maturity, until paid, at the rates per annum and on the dates specified in the Loan Financing Agreement. 
 
 Payments of both principal and Yield are to be made in lawful money of the United States of America in same day or immediately available funds to the account designated by the Agent to the Facility Agent pursuant to the Loan Financing Agreement. 
 
 This Note is one of the Notes referred to in, and evidences indebtedness incurred under, the Loan Financing Agreement, and the holder hereof is entitled to the benefits of the Loan Financing Agreement, to which reference is made for a description of the security for this Note and for a statement of the terms and conditions on which the Borrower is permitted and required to make prepayments and repayments of principal of the indebtedness evidenced by this Note and on which such indebtedness may be declared to be immediately due and payable. 
 
 All parties hereto, whether as makers, endorsers, or otherwise, severally waive presentment for payment, demand, protest and notice of dishonor except as expressly set forth in the Loan Financing Agreement. 
 
 A- 1 

As provided in the Loan Financing Agreement and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Note is registrable in the Loan Register, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Facility Agent in New York City, New York, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in the form satisfactory to the Loan Registrar duly executed by, the holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 
 
 As provided in the Loan Financing Agreement and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the holder surrendering the same. 
 
 No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Borrower may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 
 
 The Borrower, any agent of the Borrower and the Facility Agent may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note may be overdue, and neither the Borrower nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 
 
 The holder hereof hereby agrees, and any assignee of such holder, by accepting such assignment, shall be deemed to have agreed, that it will not institute against the Borrower, or join any other Person in instituting against the Borrower, any insolvency proceeding (namely, any proceeding of the type referred to in the definition of Insolvency Event) so long as any Advances or other amounts due from the Borrower under the Loan Financing Agreement shall be outstanding or there shall not have elapsed one year plus one day since the last day on which any such Advances or other amounts shall be outstanding. The foregoing shall not limit such Person s right to file any claim in or otherwise take any action with respect to any insolvency proceeding that was instituted by any Person other than such Person. The agreement set forth in this paragraph shall survive payment of this Note. 
 
 THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. THE BORROWER HERETO WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION ARISING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NOTE OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER. 
 
 [signature page to follow] 
 A- 2 

MSD BDC SPV I, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A- 3 

Form of Assignment 
 
 ASSIGNMENT FORM 
 
 If you the holder want to assign this Note, fill in the form below and have your signature guaranteed: 
 
 I or we assign and transfer this Note to: 
 
 (Print or type name, address and zip code and 
 social security or tax ID number of assignee) 
 
 and irrevocably appoint _______________________, agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Borrower. The agent may substitute another to act for him. 

Dated: 

Signed: 

(sign exactly as the name appears on the 
 other side of this Note) 
 
 Signature Guarantee 
 
 Important Notice: When you sign your name to this Assignment Form without filling in the name of your Assignee or Attorney , this Note becomes fully negotiable, similar to a check endorsed in blank. Therefore, to safeguard a signed Note, it is recommended that you fill in the name of the new owner in the Assignee blank. Alternatively, instead of using this Assignment Form, you may sign a separate power of attorney form and then mail the unsigned Note and the signed power of attorney in separate envelopes. For added protection, use certified or registered mail for a Note. 
 
 Schedule attached to Note dated __ of _______, payable to [__________] as Agent. 

Date of 
 Amount of 
 Amount of 

Advance or Repayment 
 Advance 
 Repayment 

A- 4 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 AUDIT STANDARDS 
 
 PROCEDURES: 
 
 Conduct the following procedures as it relates to the Borrower s operations, books and records and policies and procedures (through inquiry and observation, except where testing is noted). Docum ent all discussions with and inquiries of management. All samples are judgmentally selected. 
 
 1. Collateral Asset Monitoring 

a. On a semi-annual basis, select a random sample size of 15 credit files (15 of the largest obligors--if the top 15 obligors do not cover half of the portfolio based on principal balance, select additional samples (attempt to select from positions that were not previously tested) to reach 50 of the portfolio) from the most recent month-end loan file supporting the most recent Monthly Report. Test that the data reported on the loan file agrees to the following source documentation: public information (i.e. Bloomberg), information included within the credit files (i.e. contracts) and the system of record. 

- Date of financials used for financial metrics; 
 - Last 12-months EBITDA; 
 - Debt / EBITDA (ensure the outstanding of any revolver or delayed draw term loan is also included in debt) Leverage Multiple; 
 - Industry; 
 - Material Modifications (obtain and review all amendments since the position was added to the facility to confirm this. If a material modification occurred, was it properly reported to the Lender?); and 
 - Revaluation Events (if a revaluation event occurred, was it properly reported to the Lender?). 
 
 For a subset of five, test the following data: 
 
 - Loan balance; 
 - Eligible Currency; 
 - Eligible Jurisdiction; 
 - Ownership ; 
 - Tranche size; 
 - Purchase Price of assets, if lower than par; 
 - Confirm each loan is current on interest and principal; 
 - Note any covenant breaches; 
 - Loan type and Lien position; 
 - Maturity Date; 
 - Pricing (floating / fixed); 
 - LIBOR / prime floor; 
 - Libor (London Inter-Bank Offered Rate)/ Term SOFR/ Prime Floor; 
 - Current Cash Pay ; 
 - Haircuts (if any); 
 - Loans with Revolvers (outside of our deal) that are held by any Affiliate of the Borrower, Equityholder or Servicer are in good standing; 
 - Permitted working capital liens; and 
 - Settlement date (test against assignment and assumption agreement, ideally the assignment would be received directly from the custodian). 
 B- 1 

b. For each of the sample items above, discuss with management and include in your report the source of management s pricing. Review the most recent support on file for pricing and confirm it agrees with management s explanation. 

c. Obtain a list of all new positions added to the facility since the last audit, review the related electronic Approval Request to note each position in the data tape accurately reflects the contents of the related electronic Approval Request (note this is a recent change by the Facility Agent to not require Asset Approval forms and the transaction documents may not yet reflect this change in the asset approval process). To the extent applicable, ensure that any synthetic tranching noted in the electronic Approval Request (or asset approval form) is appropriately accounted for and stated on the Borrowing Base. Inquire of management regarding any specific synthetic tranching subsequent to initial approval (i.e., due to a modification or revaluation event). 

d. Obtain a list of all positions sold out of the facility since the last audit. Confirm if the sale was in line with section 7.10 (Optional Sales) of the agreement. Was the Lender notified of the sale, who purchased the position and what was the pricing of the sale? Comment on if sales are detailed in the MSR and attach your analysis as an exhibit to the report. 

e. Document how unsettled sales flow through the Borrowing Base and associated cash reporting. Is the advance rate applied to unsettled trades or do they get full cash credit in the Borrowing Base? 

f. Document each position that has been added to the facility as of [date] for which the position has not yet settled. Attach the trade ticket/assignment and assumption agreement as an attachment to the report. For each position which is greater than 60 days from the trade date, ask management to provide an explanation as to why it has not settled and a copy of the related trade ticket/assignment and assumption agreement. 

g. Summarize the process by which how quickly financial information on the underlying positions (once received by the Servicer from the underlying borrower), is being updated into the data tape and included in the borrowing base calculation. Comment for the sample items tested above what the average lag time was. 

2. Cash Procedures 

b. Request the Servicer to (i) summarize the cash collection for receipts of principal and interest and reconciliation process and (ii) identify the bank accounts currently utilized, account signatories, flows and reconciliations. Discuss how agented cash is handled and what bank account(s) it is received in. Note the account number and name on key bank accounts and review a recent bank statement/GL reconciliation on each account, recording any large or unreconciled variances. Compare number of and name on bank accounts to that in the transaction documents and that account is subject to a control agreement that is part of the security package for this transaction. Document in your report if the accounts utilized are in agreement with those outlined in the legal agreements. 

c. Include in the report a summary of the process whereby the Borrower/Servicer receives payments (noting various types) and discuss how quickly payments are posted to the system of record and bank account. Is there any unapplied cash as of any month-end? Are there any deposits other than collections on Collateral Obligations that flow through these accounts? If so, what are the reasons? 

B- 2 

d. For each of the loans tested in Scope Step 1 above, obtain support for the most recent payment (i.e. check copy, wire copy, etc.) and tie this payment to: 

- 
 - Deposit on the Bank statements; 
 - Underlying accounts and system of record of the Servicer; 
 - Servicer credit file (to confirm proper payment amount); and 
 - Note how timely payments are posted in the system of record and deposited at the bank. Document the lag time from initial deposit to transfer into the SPV collection account. Are the payments transferred in accordance with the requirements outlined in the transaction documents? 
 
 d. If the Borrowing Base is on a trade date basis per Scope Step 4a., select the three most recent Lender Advances since the inception of the facility. Obtain the applicable Advance Requests from the Borrower or the Lender. Obtain disbursement instructions from the Borrower to the Collateral Agent on how to use the Advance and obtain the disbursement wire confirmations from the Collateral Agent. 

i. Review the Agreement and determine what the Borrower is allowed to use fundings for (likely described in the Use of Proceeds section), note in the report. Note how the Borrower used the funds, detailing each Collateral Obligation that the funds were used to settle. Note if each obligation was approved by the Lender by obtaining the Form of Approval Notice. 

a. If the Advance is used for anything besides settling collateral, highlight it in the report and provide a detailed description of what it was used for and if it is allowed per the Agreement. 

ii. Calculate the lag from the Advance request to the Advance funding and the lag from the Advance funding to the date each Collateral Obligation settled. Highlight any instances where the lag from the Advance funding to Collateral Obligation settling is more than two business days. 

iii. Review the wire confirmations from the Collateral Agent to ensure the funds were used for their intended purposes. 

a. From the Collateral Agent, obtain a list of the documents they received prior to wire disbursement. Note specifically if the executed assignment and assumption agreement was received prior to the wire disbursement. Review the executed assignment and assumption agreement noting if the execution date was prior to or same day as the disbursement date. 

3. Collateral Custodian Reconciliation 

a. Request the on-hand and exception reports from the Collateral Custodian. Review the reports and note if there are any exceptions. Perform a reconciliation between the on-hand report and the data file ensuring all positions are with the Collateral Custodian. 

i. Discuss with the Servicer to find out if any positions are documented via physical notes. If so, confirm the Collateral Custodian is holding copies of all original physical notes. If the position is noteless, confirm with the Collateral Custodian (or via reporting from the Collateral Custodian) there is an executed assignment and assumption agreement or the SPV is a signor to the credit agreement in each loan file. Summarize the results in your report. If the manager is the agent, test if the UCCs are also sent to the Collateral Custodian. 

ii. For the samples in scope step 1, ensure the Collateral Custodian also received the Document Checklist. 

b. Determine if any Collateral Obligation Files have been released since the inception of the facility. If so, obtain a copy of the release letter executed by the Facility Agent (Exhibit F-2 of the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement). Additionally, determine when and to whom the files released to. 

B- 3 

c. Have any Collateral Obligations been liquidated since the inception of the facility? If so, obtain a copy of the executed Request for Release of Request for Release and Receipt (liquidated Collateral Obligations, Optional Sales, Repurchase and Substitution). (Exhibit F-2 of the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement). 

d. Determine if the required documents were executed at the time of the facility s initial funding. Specifically, obtain copies of: 

Collateral Obligations Certification (LFSA Exhibit H); and 

Advance Request (LFSA Exhibit C-1). 

4. Monthly Reconciliation Report 

a. Request a summary of the Servicer s process and procedures for preparing each Monthly Report. Record information given on (i) source of information and (ii) calculation sources. Confirm that the calculations are correct, and cut-off and reporting dates of the information recorded in the Monthly Reports are in accordance with the Agreement. Understand if the Borrowing Base is calculated based off Collateral Obligations that have been traded or settled and confirm this it is in accordance with the Agreement. If the Borrowing Base is on a trade date basis, ensure the Monthly Report is listing all Collateral Obligations that have yet to settle and the cost to settle them. 

b. Tie out of the most recent previous 2 months Monthly Reports inputs to appropriate source documentation and the underlying Servicer s system of record. These procedures should include arithmetical testing/accuracy, recalculation of ratios, and comparison to the legal Agreement for all sections of the Monthly Reports. 

c. Record the reconciliations made between the Servicer s source systems and the Monthly Reports as of [insert previous three months] and summarize any differences noted. Request the Servicer to comment on the differences and record the findings. 

d. Trace the amounts reported for both months from the MS Excel spreadsheets to the PDF Trust reports. Verify that all figures agree. 

i. If the facility includes a WARF calculation, tie the ratings for each position to the source of the rating (Moody s or S P websites) 

e. Test to ensure that all advances are used properly (in compliance with Section 9.26 of the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement. 

f. Obtain a copy of the [date] Collateral Obligation Schedule (per LFSA Section 10.20). 

5. Treatment of the Borrower as a Special Purpose Entity 

a. Confirm the existence of a Certificate of Formation in the name of the Borrower as well as an executed copy of the Limited Liability Company Agreement. 

b. Inquire to the Servicer of any amendments to the executed LLC Agreement and attach to the final report. 

c. Confirm the Borrower maintains a stand-alone bank account in its name. 

B- 4 

d. Obtain and read board resolutions since closing and document if the board resolutions do not support the treatment of the Borrower as an SPE. 

e. Obtain the current contact information, including name, address, phone number, and facsimile number, for the independent manager of the Borrower and attach to the final report. 

f. Examine bank statements for all payments made to the independent manager since closing, obtain invoices for payments, and document the dates for which the services were provided. 

g. Obtain and confirm the existence of a current Certificate of Good Standing for the Borrower. 

6. Maintenance of Legal Names and UCC 

a. Confirm with the Secretary of the State where the SPV is incorporated that the legal entity names of the Borrower and the Equityholder have not changed. Through management inquiry, provide details of any events that may necessitate the re-filing or amending of the UCC Financing Statements (once filed for the proposed facility) such as mergers, acquisitions, asset sales, or any changes in corporate names, location of chief executive offices, location of books and records relative to receivables, in the description of the assigned collateral attached to the UCC Financing Statements, etc. Obtain and document the existence of valid UCCs as of the date of the consulting procedures that protect the Collateral Agent s first-priority perfected security interest. Document the UCC s filing dates. 

b. Obtain the current contact information, including name, address, phone number and facsimile number, for the independent director of each Borrower and attach to the final report. 

7. Defaulted and Restructured Obligations 

a. Obtain a list of Defaulted Collateral Obligations since facility inception and select the 5 largest Collateral Obligations (or all if less than 5) that are classified as such Defaulted Obligation ). Inquire of the Servicer and document the status of such obligations and steps the Servicer is taking to maximize recoveries and workout the account. The list from the Servicer shall indicate whether each such obligation is a bi-lateral (between the Borrower and the obligor) or syndicated transaction, the involvement of the Borrower (sole lender, assignee, participant, agent, etc.) and what position, if any, the Borrower has taken in the relevant steering or credit committees if applicable. For each of the selected Defaulted Obligations, obtain from the Servicer the Collateral Obligation Amount and Market Value, as defined in the Agreement Collateral Obligation Amount and Market Value ). If such carrying value is Market Value, obtain documentation regarding dealer quotes provided for such market values and reconcile the carrying value for each Defaulted Obligation to the methodology as prescribed in the definition of Adjusted Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Balance in the Agreement. 

b. Obtain from the Servicer a list of Collateral Obligations that were restructured or experienced a modification (waiver/amendment of financial covenants, modification of security interest, payment terms or interest rate) during ownership by the Borrower since facility inception or the previous audit. For all restructured or materially modified obligations, obtain and document if the Lender was notified, the explanation from the Servicer for the modifications and note any non-compliance of periodic payments in accordance with the terms of the restructure since the restructure occurred. 

c. Obtain from the Servicer a list of Collateral Obligations that experienced a Revaluation Event during ownership by the Borrower since the transaction closed or the previous audit. For all Revaluation Events that 

B- 5 

have occurred during the review period, obtain, and document the explanation from the Servicer for the Revaluation Event and note what actions have been taken by the bank. Confirm the leverage multiple on which the obligation was initially approved into the facility by obtaining the form of Asset Approval Notice and recalculate the current leverage multiple for each position. 

B- 6 

EXHIBIT C-1 
 
 FORM OF ADVANCE REQUEST 
 
 Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch 
 as Facility Agent 
 One Columbus Circle 
 New York, NY 10019 
 Attention: Asset Finance Department 
 Email: Amit.Patel@db.com, James.Kwak@db.com; Erica.Flor@db.com; abs.conduits.@db.com; 
 lenderfinance_collatreview@list.db.com 
 
 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 
 as Collateral Agent 
 190 South LaSalle Street 
 Chicago, IL 60603 
 Attention: Global Corporate Trust MSD BDC SPV I, LLC 
 Email: kevin.kasjanski@usbank.com 
 Telephone: (312) 332-6957 
 
 _______, 201_ 
 
 RE: Advance Request: [ __________] 
 
 Gentlemen and Ladies: 
 
 This Advance Request is delivered to you pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, (together with all amendments or any other modifications, if any, from time to time made thereto, the Loan Financing Agreement ), among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower ), MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as Equityholder and as Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent and, U.S. Bank National Association as Collateral Custodian, the Agents and Lenders from time to time parties thereto, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as Facility Agent. Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings provided in the Loan Financing Agreement. 
 C-1- 1 

The Borrower hereby requests that: 
 
 1. An Advance be made in the aggregate amount of ______, and by each Lender in the following amounts: 

Lender 
 Advances 

Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch 
 _______ 

First Foundation Bank 
 _______ 

Apple Bank for Savings 
 _______ 

Texas Capital Bank 
 _______ 

Total 
 _______ 

2. The Advance be made to the Borrower on [_______], 20[__] (the Advance Date on [____] days notice; and 

3. The proceeds of the Advance be wired to the Collateral Agent for distribution to (or on behalf of) the Borrower on the Advance Date pursuant to the following wiring instructions: 

Bank: [_________] 
 ABA #: [_________] 
 Account Name: [_________] 
 Account Number: [_________] 
 Reference: [_________] 
 
 After giving effect to the Advance and the Collateral Obligation(s) to be purchased by the Borrower with the proceeds of the Advance, as calculated as of the Advance Date, the aggregate principal amount of all Advances outstanding shall not exceed the lowest of (a) the Facility Amount, (b) the Borrowing Base and (c) the Maximum Availability. 
 
 By its acceptance of the Advance, the Borrower represents that the conditions described in Section 6.2 of the Loan Financing Agreement have been satisfied with respect to such Advance. 
 
 The Borrower agrees that (x) this Advance Request is irrevocable; provided , that if this Advance Request is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other transactions, it may be revoked or delayed by the Borrower (by notice to the Facility Agent on or prior to the proposed Advance Date) if such other transactions fail to become effective, and (y) if prior to the Advance Date any matter certified to herein by it will not be true and correct in all material respects (or if such representation and warranty is already qualified by the words material , materially or Material Adverse Effect , then such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) at such time as if then made, it will promptly so notify the Facility Agent. Except to the extent, if any, that prior to the time of the Advance requested hereby, the Facility Agent shall receive written notice to the contrary from the Borrower, each matter certified to herein shall be deemed once again to be certified as true and correct in all material respects (or if such representation and warranty is already qualified by the words material , materially or Material Adverse Effect , then such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) at the date of such Advance as if then made. 
 
 C-1- 2 

The Borrower has caused this Advance Request to be executed and delivered, and the certification and warranties contained herein to be made, by its duly authorized officer on the date first set forth above. 
 
 It is understood and acknowledged that the undersigned is executing this Advance Request not in an individual capacity but solely as an Executive Officer of the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower and is without any personal liability as to the matters contained in this Advance Request. 
 
 [Signature Page Follows] 
 
 C-1- 3 

MSD BDC SPV I, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

C-1- 4 

EXHIBIT C-2 
 
 FORM OF REINVESTMENT REQUEST 

Deutsche Bank AG, New York 
 Branch as Facility Agent 
 One Columbus Circle 
 New York, NY 10019 
 Attention: Asset Finance Department 
 Email: Amit.Patel@db.com, James.Kwak@db.com; Erica.Flor@db.com; abs.conduits.@db.com; 
 lenderfinance_collatreview@list.db.com 
 
 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 
 as Collateral Agent 
 190 South LaSalle Street 
 Chicago, IL 60603 
 Attention: Global Corporate Trust MSD BDC SPV I, LLC 
 Email: kevin.kasjanski@usbank.com 
 Telephone: (312) 332-6957 
 
 _______, 201_ 
 
 RE: Reinvestment Request: [ _________] 
 
 Gentlemen and Ladies: 
 
 This Reinvestment Request is delivered to you pursuant to Section 8.3(b) of the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, (together with all amendments or any other modifications, if any, from time to time made thereto, the Loan Financing Agreement ), among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower ), MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as Equityholder and as Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent and, U.S. Bank National Association as Collateral Custodian, the Agents and Lenders from time to time parties thereto, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as Facility Agent. Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings provided in the Loan Financing Agreement. 
 
 The Borrower hereby requests that the Collateral Agent provide to the Borrower, the Servicer and the Facility Agent, by facsimile or by email (to be received no later than 1:30 p.m. New York time on the date hereof), a statement reflecting the total amount on deposit on the date hereof in the Collection Account. 
 
 The Borrower hereby requests that: 
 
 1. The Facility Agent withdraw from the Collections held in the Collection Account an amount equal to [ _____] (the Reinvestment Amount ). 
 
 2. The Reinvestment Amount be delivered to the Borrower on [__________] (the Reinvestment Date ). 

C-2- 1 

3. The Reinvestment Amount be wired by the Collateral Agent to (or on behalf of) the Borrower on the Reinvestment Date pursuant to the following wiring instructions: 
 
 Bank: [_________] 
 ABA #: [_________] 
 Account Name: [_________] 
 Account Number: [_________] 
 Reference: [_________] 
 
 The Borrower hereby requests that the Facility Agent deliver to the Borrower an Approval Notice in connection with this Reinvestment Request. 
 
 Attached hereto is a Schedule of Collateral Obligations setting forth information required in the Loan Financing Agreement with respect to the Collateral Obligations to be acquired by the Borrower on the Reinvestment Date (if applicable). 
 
 As of the date hereof, with respect to the Collateral Obligations to be acquired by the Borrower in connection herewith: 
 
 1. the name[s] of the Obligor[s] with respect to such Collateral Obligations [is][are] [names of primary obligors]; 
 
 2. such Collateral Obligation is a[n] [Enterprise Value Loan][DIP Loan][Asset Based Loan][Variable Funding Asset][Deferrable Collateral Obligation][Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation][Non-Approved Loan][Participation Interest]; 
 
 3. the attaching Leverage Multiple of each such Collateral Obligation is [____________]; 
 
 4. the Original Leverage Multiple of each such Collateral Obligation is [______]; 
 
 5. [the Original Effective LTV of such Asset Based Loan is [______] and such Asset Based Loan is secured by [working capital][fixed assets] and/or [intellectual property];] 
 
 6. [(A) the required appraisal with respect to such Asset Based Loan is made by [name of the Approved Valuation Firm], (B) the appraisal metric is attached hereto as Annex 1, (C) the Appraised Value of such Asset Based Loan is [______] and (D) the required frequency of appraisals is every [6 months][12 months] 1 ]; 
 
 7. [the state or territory in which the Related Security for such Collateral Obligation is located is: [_____];] 

1 Must be six months unless secured by equipment, intellectual property or real property. 
 
 8. [the interest rate floor for such Collateral Obligation is: [_____];] 
 
 9. the Purchase Price of such Collateral Obligation is: [_____]; 
 
 10. the jurisdiction in which such Obligor is domiciled is [____]; 
 
 C-2- 2 

11. [the applicable Eligible Currency is [Dollars][Euros][CADs];]; 
 
 12. Moody s Ratings, Fitch Ratings or S P Ratings, if any; 
 
 13. [the following non-cash charges are to be included in EBITDA: [___________];] 
 
 14. such Collateral Obligation is a [First Lien Loan][Second Lien Loan][FILO Loan][Senior Secured Bond][DB Tranched Second Lien Loan]. 
 
 After giving effect to the Reinvestment and the Collateral Obligation(s) to be purchased by the Borrower with the Reinvestment Amount, as calculated as of the Reinvestment Date, the aggregate principal amount of all Advances shall not exceed the least of (a) the Facility Amount, 
 (b) the Borrowing Base and (c) the Maximum Availability. 
 
 By making the Reinvestment, the Borrower represents that the conditions described in Section 6.2 of the Loan Financing Agreement have been satisfied with respect to such Reinvestment (except that if each Collateral Quality Test is not satisfied immediately prior to such Reinvestment, the extent of compliance will be improved). 
 
 The Servicer represents that the conditions described in Section 6.2 and Section 8.3 of the Loan Financing Agreement have been satisfied with respect to such Reinvestment. 
 
 The Borrower agrees that if, prior to the Reinvestment Date, any matter certified to herein by it will not be true and correct in all material respects (or if such representation and warranty is already qualified by the words material , materially or Material Adverse Effect , then such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) at such time as if then made, it will promptly so notify the Facility Agent. Except to the extent, if any, that prior to the time of the Reinvestment requested hereby the Facility Agent shall receive written notice to the contrary from the Borrower, each matter certified to herein shall be deemed once again to be certified as true and correct in all material respects (or if such representation and warranty is already qualified by the words material , materially or Material Adverse Effect , then such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) at the date of such Reinvestment as if then made. 
 
 It is understood and acknowledged that the undersigned is executing this Reinvestment Request not in an individual capacity but solely as an Executive Officer of the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower and is without any personal liability as to the matters contained in this Reinvestment Request. 
 
 [Signature Page Follows] 
 
 C-2- 3 

MSD BDC SPV I, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

MSD INVESTMENT , LLC CORP. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

C-2- 4 

SCHEDULE 1 
 Reinvestment Request 
 
 Schedule of Collateral Obligations 
 
 C-2- 5 

EXHIBIT C-3 
 
 FORM OF ELECTRONIC ASSET APPROVAL REQUEST 

Deutsche Bank AG, New York 
 Branch as Facility Agent 
 One Columbus Circle 
 New York, NY 10019 
 Attention: Asset Finance Department 
 Email: Amit.Patel@db.com, James.Kwak@db.com; Erica.Flor@db.com; abs.conduits.@db.com; 
 lenderfinance_collatreview@list.db.com 
 
 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 
 as Collateral Agent 
 190 South LaSalle Street 
 Chicago, IL 60603 
 Attention: Global Corporate Trust MSD BDC SPV I, LLC 
 Email: kevin.kasjanski@usbank.com 
 Telephone: (312) 332-6957 
 
 _______, 201_ 
 
 RE: Electronic Asset Approval Request 
 
 Gentlemen and Ladies: 
 
 This Electronic Asset Approval Request is delivered to you via email pursuant to Section 6.2(h) of the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, (together with all amendments or any other modifications, if any, from time to time made thereto, the Loan Financing Agreement ), among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower ), MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as Equityholder and as Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent and, U.S. Bank National Association as Collateral Custodian, the Agents and Lenders from time to time parties thereto, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as Facility Agent. Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings provided in the Loan Financing Agreement. 
 
 I. USE FOR ENTERPRISE VALUE LOANS 
 
 COLLATERAL OBLIGATION INFORMATION 
 
 Obligor Name 
 
 Domicile 
 
 Eligible Currency 
 
 Obligor EBITDA (including cash and non-cash adjustments) 
 
 Collateral Obligation rating 
 
 C-3- 1 

Maturity Date 
 
 Interest coupon/ spread above LIBOR Term SOFR 
 
 Principal Balance 
 
 Pledged Amount 1 
 
 Purchase Price 
 
 Original Leverage Multiple 
 
 Attaching Leverage Multiple 
 
 Loan Type (Lien Position) 
 
 Moody s Industry Classification 
 
 MSD Agented Loan (yes/no) 
 
 BORROWING BASE RELATED INFORMATION 
 Advance Rate 
 Discount Factor 
 
 OTHER (describe any conditions to the Eligible Collateral Obligations that are being requested to be added or waived by the Facility Agent in its sole discretion, proposed custom Revaluation Events, or any occurrence of a Revaluation Event) 
 
 II. USE FOR ASSET BASED LOANS 
 
 COLLATERAL OBLIGATION INFORMATION 
 
 Obligor Name 
 
 Domicile 
 
 Eligible Currency 
 
 Obligor EBITDA (including cash and non-cash adjustments) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest coupon/ spread above LIBOR Term SOFR 
 
 Principal Balance 
 
 Pledged Amount 1 
 
 Purchase Price 
 C-3- 2 

Original Leverage Multiple 
 
 Original Effective LTV 
 
 Maximum Effective LTV (before triggering a Revaluation Event) 

1 Defined as the outstanding principal balance of such Collateral Obligation prior to any adjustments. 

Collateral Type (working capital, fixed assets, IP, other (identify)) 
 
 Approved Valuation Firm 
 
 Date of Last Appraisal 
 
 Appraised Value 
 
 Required Appraisal Frequency [6 months][12 months] 
 
 Loan Type (Lien Position) 
 
 Moody s Industry Classification 
 
 MSD Agented Loan (yes/no) 
 
 BORROWING BASE RELATED INFORMATION 
 Advance Rate 
 Discount Factor 
 
 OTHER (describe any conditions to the Eligible Collateral Obligations that are being requested to be added or waived by the Facility Agent in its sole discretion, proposed custom Revaluation Events, or any occurrence of a Revaluation Event) 
 
 C-3- 3 

EXHIBIT C-4 
 
 FORM OF PREPAYMENT NOTICE 

Deutsche Bank AG, New York 
 Branch as Facility Agent 
 One Columbus Circle 
 New York, NY 10019 
 Attention: Asset Finance Department 
 Email: Amit.Patel@db.com, James.Kwak@db.com; Erica.Flor@db.com; abs.conduits.@db.com; 
 lenderfinance_collatreview@list.db.com 
 
 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 
 as Collateral Agent 
 190 South LaSalle Street 
 Chicago, IL 60603 
 Attention: Global Corporate Trust MSD BDC SPV I, LLC 
 Email: kevin.kasjanski@usbank.com 
 Telephone: (312) 332-6957 
 
 Each Agent pursuant to the Loan Financing Agreement 
 
 _______, 201_ 
 
 RE: Prepayment Notice: [ __________] 
 
 Gentlemen and Ladies: 
 
 This Prepayment Notice is delivered to you pursuant to Section 2.4 of the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, (together with all amendments or any other modifications, if any, from time to time made thereto, the Loan Financing Agreement ), among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower ), MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as Equityholder and as Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent and, U.S. Bank National Association as Collateral Custodian, the Agents and Lenders from time to time parties thereto, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as Facility Agent. Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings provided in the Loan Financing Agreement. 
 
 The Borrower hereby notifies the addressee hereto that: 
 
 1. A prepayment shall be made by the Borrower in an aggregate amount equal to [______] of Advances, which shall be allocated as follows: 

C-4- 1 

Lender 
 Current 
 Current 
 Advances to be 
 Advances After 

Commitment 
 Advances 
 Prepaid 
 Prepayment 

Outstanding 

Deutsche Bank 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 

AG New York 

Branch 

First Foundation 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 

Bank 

Apple Bank for 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 

Savings 

Texas Capital 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 

Bank 

Total 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 

2. The prepayment shall be made by the Borrower on [_______], 20[__] (the Prepayment Date ); and 

3. The amount of such prepayment shall be wired to the Collateral Agent for distribution to (or on behalf of) the Lenders on the Prepayment Date 

The Borrower represents that the conditions described in Section 2.4 of the Loan Financing Agreement have been satisfied with respect to such prepayment. 
 
 The Borrower has caused this Prepayment Notice to be executed and delivered, and the certification and warranties contained herein to be made, by its duly authorized officer on the date first set forth above. 
 
 It is understood and acknowledged that the undersigned is executing this Prepayment Notice not in an individual capacity but solely as an Executive Officer of the Borrower and is without any personal liability as to the matters contained in this Prepayment Notice. 
 
 [Signature Page Follows] 
 
 C-4- 2 

MSD BDC SPV I, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

C-4- 3 

EXHIBIT C-5 
 
 FORM OF ELECTRONIC ASSET APPROVAL NOTICE 
 
 MSD BDC SPV I, LLC 
 Email: mliguori@msdpartners.com; bwilliams@msdpartners.com 

_______, 2020_ 
 
 This Electronic Asset Approval Notice is delivered to you via email pursuant to Section 6.2(h) of the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, (together with all amendments or any other modifications, if any, from time to time made thereto, the Loan Financing Agreement ), among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower ), MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as Equityholder and as Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent and, U.S. Bank National Association as Collateral Custodian, the Agents and Lenders from time to time parties thereto, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as Facility Agent. Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings provided in the Loan Financing Agreement. 
 
 The Facility Agent hereby approves for acquisition (or incremental pledge, as applicable) the Collateral Obligation referenced below in accordance with the terms and information set forth below: 
 
 I. USE FOR ENTERPRISE VALUE LOANS 
 
 COLLATERAL OBLIGATION INFORMATION 
 
 Obligor Name 
 
 Domicile 
 
 Eligible Currency 
 
 Obligor EBITDA (including cash and non-cash adjustments) 
 
 Collateral Obligation rating 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest coupon/ spread above LIBOR Term SOFR 
 
 Cut-Off Date 
 
 Principal Balance 
 
 Pledged Amount 1 
 
 Purchase Price 
 
 Original Leverage Multiple 
 
 C-5- 1 

Attaching Leverage Multiple 
 
 Loan Type (Lien Position) 
 
 Moody s Industry Classification 
 
 MSD Agented Loan (yes/no) 
 
 BORROWING BASE RELATED INFORMATION 
 Advance Rate 
 Discount Factor 
 
 OTHER (describe any conditions to the Eligible Collateral Obligations that are being requested to be added or waived by the Facility Agent in its sole discretion, proposed custom Revaluation Events, or any occurrence of a Revaluation Event) 
 
 II. USE FOR ASSET BASED LOANS 
 
 COLLATERAL OBLIGATION INFORMATION 
 
 Obligor Name 
 
 Domicile 
 
 Eligible Currency 
 
 Obligor EBITDA (including cash and non-cash adjustments) 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Interest coupon/ spread above LIBOR Term SOFR 
 
 Cut-Off Date 
 
 Principal Balance 
 
 Pledged Amount 1 
 
 Purchase Price 
 
 Original Leverage Multiple 
 
 Original Effective LTV 
 
 Collateral Type (working capital, fixed assets, IP, other (identify)) 
 
 Approved Valuation Firm 
 
 Date of Last Appraisal 
 C-5- 2 

Appraised Value 
 
 Required Appraisal Frequency [6 months][12 months] 
 
 Loan Type (Lien Position) 
 
 Moody s Industry Classification 
 
 MSD Agented Loan (yes/no) 

1 Defined as the outstanding principal balance of such Collateral Obligation prior to any adjustments. 
 
 BORROWING BASE RELATED INFORMATION 
 Advance Rate 
 Discount Factor 
 
 OTHER (describe any conditions to the Eligible Collateral Obligations that are being requested to be added or waived by the Facility Agent in its sole discretion, proposed custom Revaluation Events, or any occurrence of a Revaluation Event) 
 
 C-5- 3 

EXHIBIT D 
 
 FORM OF MONTHLY REPORT 
 
 On each Reporting Date, the Collateral Agent shall furnish to the Facility Agent, each Lender, each Borrower and the Servicer a written report, certified by the Borrower and the Servicer (and, with respect to clause (e) below, certified by the Equityholder), in each case as of the immediately preceding Determination Date, which shall include the following (to the extent applicable): 
 
 (a) Portfolio Information 

(i) the aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations and the aggregate amount of Permitted Investments owned by the Borrower; 

(ii) the aggregate Collateral Obligation Amount; 

(iii) the Aggregate Eligible Collateral Obligation Amount; 

(iv) the Borrowing Base; 

(v) the Maximum Availability; 

(vi) for each of the tests specified in the definition of Collateral Quality Test, (A) the calculation, (B) the result and (C) a determination as to whether such result satisfies the related test; 

(vii) the Effective Equity; 

(viii) for the Excess Concentration Amount (A) the calculation and (B) the calculation of each portion of such measure; 

(ix) the Aggregate Notional Amount; 

(x) the Aggregate Unfunded Amount; 

(xi) the Weighted Average Advance Rate; 

(xii) the calculation of the Minimum Equity Test; 

(xiii) the aggregate Commitments minus Advances outstanding; 

(xiv) the Excess Concentration Measure; 

(xv) the Maximum Portfolio Advance Rate; and 

(xvi) the Asset Coverage Ratio. 

D- 1 

(b) A list of Collateral Obligations, including, with respect to each Collateral Obligation, the following detailed information : 

(i) the Obligor thereon, its full, legal name and its jurisdiction of organization; 

(ii) the CUSIP or security identifier thereof, if any; 

(iii) the Principal Balance thereof; 

(iv) the Collateral Obligation Amount thereof, the Advance Rate, the Discount Factor and the Leverage Multiple with respect thereto; 

(v) the related interest rate or spread (including details on any currently deferring interest, any interest rate floor and the index referenced by such Collateral Obligation); 

(vi) the stated maturity thereof; 

(vii) the date that the last financial statements for such Obligor were delivered, the date the next financial statements for such Obligor are expected and how often financial statements are delivered for such Obligor; 

(viii) an indication as to whether each such Collateral Obligation is (A) an Eligible Collateral Obligation, (B) a First Lien Loan, (C) a DB Tranched Second Lien Loan, (D) Senior Secured Bond, (E) a FILO Loan, (F) Second Lien Loan, (G)Enterprise Value Loan, (H) DIP Loan, (I) Asset Based Loan, (J) Variable Funding Asset, (K) Deferrable Collateral Obligation, (L) Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation, (M) Participation Interest. 

(ix) the revenue and the EBITDA of the related Obligor as of the date that the last financial statements for such Obligor were delivered; 

(x) the date of the last Material Modification, if any, and a brief description thereof; 

(xi) whether such Collateral Obligation is a Related Collateral Obligation; 

(xii) if such loan is an Asset Based Loan, the Effective LTV based on the Appraised Value as of the date of the last required appraisal, the Original Effective LTV and the attaching Original Effective LTV; 

(xiii) whether a Revaluation Event has occurred with respect to such Collateral Obligation during the relevant Collection Period or is otherwise outstanding; 

(xiv) if such Collateral Obligation is a Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation, whether it is required to be hedged under Section 10.6 of the Agreement; 

(xv) the agency rating thereof; 

(xvi) if such Collateral Obligation is a broadly syndicated loan, the initial market value and current market value thereof; and 

(xvii) whether such Collateral Obligation is an MSD Agented Loan. 

D- 2 

(c) Other Borrower Collateral Information 

(i) whether the Revolving Period has ended; 

(ii) a schedule showing the balance in the Collection Account on the immediately prior Determination Date (showing also the balance in each of the Principal Collection Account and the Interest Collection Account), each credit or debit since such date specifying the nature, source, amount and identifying as Principal Collection or Interest Collection, and the ending balance in the Collection Account (showing also the balance in each of the Principal Collection Account and the Interest Collection Account); 

(iii) an itemized list and brief description of any Collections received during the related Collection Period from or on behalf of the related Obligor and not credited to the Collections Account by the close of business on the second Business Day following such receipt; 

(iv) an itemized list of all Excluded Amounts withdrawn from the Collections Account during the related Collection Period; 

(v) the identity of each Defaulted Collateral Obligation, and date such Collateral Obligation became a Defaulted Collateral Obligation; 

(vi) an itemized list of each Collateral Obligation that would have become a Defaulted Collateral Obligation (and the related date of such event) but for the cure period in clause (a) of the definition of Defaulted Collateral Obligation , including a brief description detailing the nature and cause of the missed payment (to the extent available); 

(vii) a list of all Collateral Obligations that were acquired, disposed of, substituted for or otherwise refinanced in such Collection Period and indicating, for each such Collateral Obligation, whether such Collateral Obligation is an Eligible Collateral Obligation, the price paid by the Borrower for such Collateral Obligation and, with respect to any Collateral Obligation disposed of, the price received by the Borrower for such Collateral Obligation; 

(viii) a list of all Collateral Obligations that ceased to be Eligible Collateral Obligations during such Collection Period; and 

(ix) such other information maintained by the Servicer as the Collateral Custodian may reasonably request with respect to the Collateral Obligation and reasonably needs to complete the Monthly Report. 

(d) Distribution Information 

(i) the Amount Available constituting each of the Interest Collections and Principal Collections; 

(ii) the aggregate Advances outstanding; and 

(iii) an itemization of the amounts to be disbursed or paid pursuant to each clause of Section 8.3(a) and (b) . 

(e) Risk Retention Certification 

A representation from the Equityholder that all conditions set forth in Section 10.23 are true and have been true on each date of the related Collection period. 
 
 D- 3 

(f) Collateral Obligation Files Exceptions 

A schedule of all Exceptions related to Collateral Obligation Files in possession of the Collateral Custodian and all other information required to be provided pursuant to Section 18.4(b) . 
 
 Each Monthly Report delivered in connection with a Distribution Date shall constitute instructions to the Collateral Agent to withdraw funds from the Collection Account and pay or transfer such amounts set forth in clause (d) of such Monthly Report in the manner specified and in accordance with the priorities established in Section 8.3(a) and (b) . 

Reviewed and approved by: 

MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as Servicer 

By:_____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

D- 4 

Certified by (with respect to clause (e) above only): 

MSD INVESTMENT , LLC, CORP., 
 as Equityholder 

By:_____________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

D- 5 

EXHIBIT E 
 
 FORM OF JOINDER AGREEMENT 

JOINDER AGREEMENT, dated as of the date set forth in Item 1 of Schedule I hereto, among the financial institution identified in Item 2 of Schedule I hereto, MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as the borrower (the Borrower and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as the facility agent (the Facility Agent ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H: 
 
 WHEREAS, this Joinder Agreement is being executed and delivered under Section 15.2 of the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, (together with all amendments or any other modifications, if any, from time to time made thereto, the Loan Financing Agreement ), among the Borrower, MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as Equityholder and as Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company , National Association, as Collateral Agent and, U.S. Bank National Association as Collateral Custodian, the Agents and Lenders from time to time parties thereto, and the Facility Agent. Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings provided in the Loan Financing Agreement.; and 
 
 WHEREAS, the party set forth in Item 2 of Schedule I hereto (the Proposed Lender wishes to become a Lender party to the Loan Financing Agreement; 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
 
 (a) Upon receipt by the Facility Agent of an executed counterpart of this Joinder Agreement, to which is attached a fully completed Schedule I and Schedule II, each of which has been executed by the Proposed Lender, the Borrower and the Facility Agent, the Facility Agent will transmit to the Proposed Lender, the Collateral Agent and the Borrower a Joinder Effective Notice, substantially in the form of Schedule III to this Joinder Agreement (a Joinder Effective Notice ). Such Joinder Effective Notice shall be executed by the Facility Agent and shall set forth, inter alia, the date on which the joinder effected by this Joinder Agreement shall become effective (the Joinder Effective Date ). From and after the Joinder Effective Date, the Proposed Lender shall be a Lender party to the Loan Financing Agreement for all purposes thereof. 
 
 (b) Each of the parties to this Joinder Agreement agrees and acknowledges that at any time and from time to time upon the written request of any other party, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Joinder Agreement. 

(c) By executing and delivering this Joinder Agreement, the Proposed Lender confirms to and agrees with the Facility Agent and the other Lender(s) as follows: (i) none of the Facility Agent and the other Lender(s) makes any representation or warranty or assumes any responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Loan Financing Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Financing Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto, or the Collateral or the financial condition of the Servicer or the Borrower, or the performance or observance by the Servicer or the Borrower of any of their respective obligations under the Loan Financing Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (ii) the Proposed Lender confirms that it has received a copy of such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Joinder Agreement; (iii) the Proposed Lender will, independently and without reliance upon the Facility Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Financing Agreement; (iv) the Proposed Lender 
 
 - 1 - 

appoints and authorizes the Facility Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the Collateral Agent, as applicable, to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Loan Financing Agreement as are delegated to the Facility Agent, the Collateral Custodian and Collateral Agent, as applicable, by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, all in accordance with the Loan Financing Agreement; and (v) the Proposed Lender agrees (for the benefit of the parties hereto and the other Lender(s)) that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Financing Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 
 (d) Schedule II hereto sets forth administrative information with respect to the Proposed Lender. 
 
 (e) This Joinder Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Joinder Agreement to be executed by their respective duly authorized officers on Schedule I hereto as of the date set forth in Item 1 of Schedule I hereto. 

- 2 - 

SCHEDULE I TO 
 JOINDER AGREEMENT 
 
 COMPLETION OF INFORMATION AND 
 SIGNATURES FOR JOINDER AGREEMENT 
 
 Re: 	Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021 (as (as amended, modified, waived, supplemented or restated from time to time), by and among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as the borrower, MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as the equityholder and as the servicer, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as the facility agent, each of the agents and lenders from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the collateral agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as the collateral custodian. 

Item 1: 
 Date of Joinder Agreement: 

Item 2: 
 Proposed Lender: 

Item 3: 
 Commitment: 

Item 4: 
 Signatures of Parties to Agreement: 

___________________________, 

as Proposed Lender 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

___________________________, 

as Proposed Lender Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

- 3 - 

MSD BDC SPV I, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(signatures continue on the next page) 

- 4 - 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK 
 BRANCH, 
 as Facility Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

- 5 - 

SCHEDULE II TO 
 JOINDER AGREEMENT 

ADDRESS FOR NOTICES 

AND 

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS 

Address for Notices: 

Telephone: 

Facsimile: 

email: 

Telephone: 

Facsimile: 

email: 

Wire Instructions: 

Name of Bank: 

A/C No.: 

ABA No. 

Reference: 

- 6 - 

SCHEDULE III TO 
 JOINDER AGREEMENT 
 
 FORM OF 
 JOINDER EFFECTIVE NOTICE 
 
 To: [Name and address of the Borrower, Collateral Agent and Proposed Lender] 
 
 The undersigned, as Facility Agent under the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021 (as amended, modified, waived, supplemented or restated from time to time, the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement ), by and among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower ), MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as equityholder and as servicer, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as the facility agent (the Facility Agent ), each of the Agents and Lenders from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as the collateral custodian (in such capacity, the Collateral Custodian acknowledges receipt of an executed counterpart of a completed Joinder Agreement. [Note: attach copies of Schedules I and II from such Joinder Agreement.] Terms defined in such Joinder Agreement are used herein as therein defined. 
 
 Pursuant to such Joinder Agreement, you are advised that the Joinder Effective Date for [Name of Proposed Lender] will be _____________ with a Commitment of _____________ and, from the Joinder Effective Date, such Proposed Lender will be a Lender. 

Very truly yours, 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK 

BRANCH, 

as Facility Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

- 7 - 

EXHIBIT F-1 
 
 AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES OF SERVICER 

Name 
 
 Office 
 
 Specimen Signature 

F-1- 1 

EXHIBIT F-2 
 
 REQUEST FOR RELEASE AND RECEIPT 
 [For Servicing, Collection and Liquidation] 

Collateral Obligation Files 

LOAN INFORMATION 

Name of Obligor: 

Loan No.: 

This Request for Release and Receipt is made in accordance with the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement dated as of December 21, 2021, (together with all amendments or any other modifications, if any, from time to time made thereto, the Loan Financing Agreement ), among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower ), MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as Equityholder and as Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent and, U.S. Bank National Association as Collateral Custodian, the Agents and Lenders from time to time parties thereto, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as Facility Agent. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Request for Release and Receipt shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Financing Agreement. 
 
 The undersigned hereby acknowledges that it has received, from Collateral Custodian, the documents listed on Schedule 1 attached hereto (the Documents ). 
 
 The undersigned hereby acknowledges and agrees as follows: 
 
 (1) The undersigned shall hold and retain possession of the Documents in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, solely for the purposes provided in the Loan Financing Agreement, unless the Collateral Obligation related to the Documents has been liquidated or unless the Document (or asset related thereto) was disposed of by the related Obligor; 

(2) The undersigned represents that no Unmatured Event of Default, Event of Default, Unmatured Servicer Default or Servicer Default has occurred and is continuing. In the event an Unmatured Event of Default, an Event of Default, an Unmatured Servicer Default or a Servicer Default has occurred and is continuing, the Servicer shall not make any such request with respect to any original documents unless the consent of the Facility Agent has been obtained (which may be evidenced by the Facility Agent s signature hereto) with respect to this request, unless the Collateral Obligation related to the Documents has been liquidated or unless the Document (or asset related thereto) was disposed of by the related Obligor. 

F-2- 1 

It is understood and acknowledged that the undersigned is executing this Request for Release and Receipt not in an individual capacity but solely as an Executive Officer of the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower and is without any personal liability as to the matters contained in this Request for Release and Receipt. 
 
 Date:______________ 

MSD INVESTMENT , LLC, CORP., as Servicer 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[During the continuation of an Unmatured Event of Default, Event of Default, Unmatured Servicer Default or Servicer Default: 
 
 ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 
 
 DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, 
 as Facility Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title:] 

F-2- 2 

SCHEDULE 1 
 Request for Release and Receipt 

DOCUMENTS RECEIVED 
 
 F-2- 3 

EXHIBIT F-3 
 
 REQUEST FOR RELEASE OF REQUEST FOR RELEASE AND RECEIPT 
 [Liquidated Collateral Obligations, Optional Sales, Repurchase and Substitution] 
 
 Collateral Obligation Files 
 
 This Request For Release of Request For Release and Receipt is made pursuant to the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, (together with all amendments or any other modifications, if any, from time to time made thereto, the Loan Financing Agreement ), among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower ), MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as Equityholder and as Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent and, U.S. Bank National Association as Collateral Custodian, the Agents and Lenders from time to time parties thereto, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as Facility Agent. Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings provided in the Loan Financing Agreement. 
 
 With respect to the Collateral Obligation(s) described in Schedule 1 attached hereto: 
 
 1. [Such Collateral Obligation(s) has or have been liquidated or paid off and all amounts received or to be received in connection with such liquidation or repayment that are required to be deposited have been or will be so deposited as required by the Loan Financing Agreement][Such Collateral Obligation(s) has or have been sold pursuant to an Optional Sale in accordance with Section 7.10 of the Loan Financing Agreement][Such Collateral Obligation(s) has or have been repurchased or substituted in accordance with Section 7.11 of the Loan Financing Agreement][Such Collateral Obligation(s) are no longer subject to the Liens under the Loan Financing Agreement, which has been terminated pursuant to Section 2.5 of the Loan Financing Agreement]; and 

It is understood and acknowledged that the undersigned is executing this Request For Release of Request For Release and Receipt not in an individual capacity but solely as an Executive Officer of the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower and is without any personal liability as to the matters contained in this Request For Release of Request For Release and Receipt. 
 
 Dated: _______________ 
 
 cc: DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, as Facility Agent 

MSD INVESTMENT , LLC, CORP., as Servicer 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

F-3- 1 

SCHEDULE 1 Request for Release of Request for Release and Receipt 
 
 LIQUIDATED, REPAID, SOLD, REPURCHASED OR SUBSTITUTED LOAN(S) 
 
 F-3- 2 

EXHIBIT G-1 
 
 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 
 (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 
 Reference is hereby made to that certain Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, made and entered into as of December 21, 2021, (together with all amendments or any other modifications, if any, from time to time made thereto, the Loan Financing Agreement ), among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower ), MSD Investment , LLC , Corp., as Equityholder and as Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent and, U.S. Bank National Association as Collateral Custodian, the Agents and Lenders from time to time parties thereto, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as Facility Agent. 
 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.3 of the Loan Financing Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Obligations (as well as any Note evidencing such Obligations) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 
 The undersigned has furnished the Facility Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on the IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Facility Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Facility Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Loan Financing Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Financing Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 
 G-1- 1 

EXHIBIT G-2 
 
 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 
 (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 
 Reference is hereby made to that certain Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, made and entered into as of December 21, 2021, (together with all amendments or any other modifications, if any, from time to time made thereto, the Loan Financing Agreement ), among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower ), MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as Equityholder and as Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent and, U.S. Bank National Association as Collateral Custodian, the Agents and Lenders from time to time parties thereto, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as Facility Agent. 
 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.3 of the Loan Financing Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 
 The undersigned has furnished the Facility Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Loan Financing Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Financing Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 
 G-2- 1 

EXHIBIT G-3 
 
 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 
 (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 
 Reference is hereby made to that certain Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, made and entered into as of December 21, 2021, (together with all amendments or any other modifications, if any, from time to time made thereto, the Loan Financing Agreement ), among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower ), MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as Equityholder and as Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent and, U.S. Bank National Association as Collateral Custodian, the Agents and Lenders from time to time parties thereto, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as Facility Agent. 
 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.3 of the Loan Financing Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 
 The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and 
 (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Loan Financing Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Financing Agreement. 
 
 [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 
 G-3- 1 

EXHIBIT G-4 
 
 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 
 (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 
 Reference is hereby made to that certain Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, made and entered into as of December 21, 2021, (together with all amendments or any other modifications, if any, from time to time made thereto, the Loan Financing Agreement ), among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower ), MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as Equityholder and as Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent and, U.S. Bank National Association as Collateral Custodian, the Agents and Lenders from time to time parties thereto, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as Facility Agent. 
 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.3 of the Loan Financing Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Obligations (as well as any Note evidencing such Obligations) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Obligations (as well as any Note evidencing such Obligations), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
 
 The undersigned has furnished the Facility Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Facility Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Facility Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Loan Financing Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Financing Agreement. 
 
 [NAME OF LENDER] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 
 
 G-4- 1 

EXHIBIT H 
 
 SCHEDULE OF COLLATERAL OBLIGATIONS CERTIFICATION 
 
 This Schedule of Collateral Obligations Certification is made pursuant to the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, (together with all amendments or any other modifications, if any, from time to time made thereto, the Loan Financing Agreement ), among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower ), MSD Investment , LLC, Corp., as Equityholder and as Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent and, U.S. Bank National Association as Collateral Custodian, the Agents and Lenders from time to time parties thereto, and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as Facility Agent. Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings provided in the Loan Financing Agreement. 
 
 [__________________] hereby certifies that he/she is an Executive Officer of the Servicer, and hereby further certifies in such capacity and not in an individual capacity as follows: 
 
 With respect to the Collateral Obligation(s) described in Annex 1 attached hereto: 
 
 1. Except to the extent provided in Section 10.20 of the Loan Financing Agreement and subject to ongoing compliance with such Section, the Collateral Obligation Files delivered to the Collateral Custodian include all of the documents listed in the related Document Checklist, except those documents that do not exist with respect to such Collateral Obligation(s), as indicated on Annex 1 (each, an Exception ); 

2. Any Exception satisfies the requirements of the Loan Financing Agreement; and 

3. All of the documents listed in the related Document Checklist and the information contained on Annex 1 are complete and correct in all material respects. 

Dated:___________ 

MSD INVESTMENT , LLC, CORP., as Servicer 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

H- 1 

ANNEX 1 
 to Exhibit H 
 
 LIST OF EXCEPTIONS 
 
 H- 2 

SCHEDULE 1 
 
 DIVERSITY SCORE CALCULATION 
 
 The Diversity Score of any Collateral Obligation as of any date of determination is calculated as follows: 
 
 (a) An Issuer Par Amount is calculated for each Obligor of a Collateral Obligation, and is equal to the aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations issued by such Obligor. 

(b) An Average Par Amount is calculated by summing the Issuer Par Amounts for all Obligors, and dividing by the number of Obligors. 

(c) An Equivalent Unit Score is calculated for each Obligor, and is equal to the lesser of (x) one and (y) the Issuer Par Amount for such Obligor divided by the Average Par Amount. 

(d) An Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score is then calculated for each of the Moody s industry classification groups, shown on Schedule 2 , and is equal to the sum of the Equivalent Unit Scores for each Obligor in such industry classification group. 

(e) An Industry Diversity Score is then established for each Moody s industry classification group, shown on Schedule 2 , by reference to the following table for the related Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score; provided that if any Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score falls between any two such scores, the applicable Industry Diversity Score will be the lower of the two Industry Diversity Scores: 

Aggregate 

Aggregate 

Aggregate 

Aggregate 

Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 

Equivalent 
 
 Diversity 
 
 Equivalent 
 
 Diversity 
 
 Equivalent 
 
 Diversity 
 
 Equivalent 
 
 Diversity 

Unit 

Unit 

Unit 

Unit 

Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 

0.0000 
 
 0.0000 
 
 5.0500 
 
 2.7000 
 
 10.1500 
 
 4.0200 
 
 15.2500 
 
 4.5300 

0.0500 
 
 0.1000 
 
 5.1500 
 
 2.7333 
 
 10.2500 
 
 4.0300 
 
 15.3500 
 
 4.5400 

0.1500 
 
 0.2000 
 
 5.2500 
 
 2.7667 
 
 10.3500 
 
 4.0400 
 
 15.4500 
 
 4.5500 

0.2500 
 
 0.3000 
 
 5.3500 
 
 2.8000 
 
 10.4500 
 
 4.0500 
 
 15.5500 
 
 4.5600 

0.3500 
 
 0.4000 
 
 5.4500 
 
 2.8333 
 
 10.5500 
 
 4.0600 
 
 15.6500 
 
 4.5700 

0.4500 
 
 0.5000 
 
 5.5500 
 
 2.8667 
 
 10.6500 
 
 4.0700 
 
 15.7500 
 
 4.5800 

0.5500 
 
 0.6000 
 
 5.6500 
 
 2.9000 
 
 10.7500 
 
 4.0800 
 
 15.8500 
 
 4.5900 

Sch. 1- 1 

Aggregate 

Aggregate 

Aggregate 

Aggregate 

Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 

Equivalent 
 
 Diversity 
 
 Equivalent 
 
 Diversity 
 
 Equivalent 
 
 Diversity 
 
 Equivalent 
 
 Diversity 

Unit 

Unit 

Unit 

Unit 

Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 

0.6500 
 
 0.7000 
 
 5.7500 
 
 2.9333 
 
 10.8500 
 
 4.0900 
 
 15.9500 
 
 4.6000 

0.7500 
 
 0.8000 
 
 5.8500 
 
 2.9667 
 
 10.9500 
 
 4.1000 
 
 16.0500 
 
 4.6100 

0.8500 
 
 0.9000 
 
 5.9500 
 
 3.0000 
 
 11.0500 
 
 4.1100 
 
 16.1500 
 
 4.6200 

0.9500 
 
 1.0000 
 
 6.0500 
 
 3.0250 
 
 11.1500 
 
 4.1200 
 
 16.2500 
 
 4.6300 

1.0500 
 
 1.0500 
 
 6.1500 
 
 3.0500 
 
 11.2500 
 
 4.1300 
 
 16.3500 
 
 4.6400 

1.1500 
 
 1.1000 
 
 6.2500 
 
 3.0750 
 
 11.3500 
 
 4.1400 
 
 16.4500 
 
 4.6500 

1.2500 
 
 1.1500 
 
 6.3500 
 
 3.1000 
 
 11.4500 
 
 4.1500 
 
 16.5500 
 
 4.6600 

1.3500 
 
 1.2000 
 
 6.4500 
 
 3.1250 
 
 11.5500 
 
 4.1600 
 
 16.6500 
 
 4.6700 

1.4500 
 
 1.2500 
 
 6.5500 
 
 3.1500 
 
 11.6500 
 
 4.1700 
 
 16.7500 
 
 4.6800 

1.5500 
 
 1.3000 
 
 6.6500 
 
 3.1750 
 
 11.7500 
 
 4.1800 
 
 16.8500 
 
 4.6900 

1.6500 
 
 1.3500 
 
 6.7500 
 
 3.2000 
 
 11.8500 
 
 4.1900 
 
 16.9500 
 
 4.7000 

1.7500 
 
 1.4000 
 
 6.8500 
 
 3.2250 
 
 11.9500 
 
 4.2000 
 
 17.0500 
 
 4.7100 

1.8500 
 
 1.4500 
 
 6.9500 
 
 3.2500 
 
 12.0500 
 
 4.2100 
 
 17.1500 
 
 4.7200 

1.9500 
 
 1.5000 
 
 7.0500 
 
 3.2750 
 
 12.1500 
 
 4.2200 
 
 17.2500 
 
 4.7300 

2.0500 
 
 1.5500 
 
 7.1500 
 
 3.3000 
 
 12.2500 
 
 4.2300 
 
 17.3500 
 
 4.7400 

2.1500 
 
 1.6000 
 
 7.2500 
 
 3.3250 
 
 12.3500 
 
 4.2400 
 
 17.4500 
 
 4.7500 

2.2500 
 
 1.6500 
 
 7.3500 
 
 3.3500 
 
 12.4500 
 
 4.2500 
 
 17.5500 
 
 4.7600 

2.3500 
 
 1.7000 
 
 7.4500 
 
 3.3750 
 
 12.5500 
 
 4.2600 
 
 17.6500 
 
 4.7700 

2.4500 
 
 1.7500 
 
 7.5500 
 
 3.4000 
 
 12.6500 
 
 4.2700 
 
 17.7500 
 
 4.7800 

2.5500 
 
 1.8000 
 
 7.6500 
 
 3.4250 
 
 12.7500 
 
 4.2800 
 
 17.8500 
 
 4.7900 

2.6500 
 
 1.8500 
 
 7.7500 
 
 3.4500 
 
 12.8500 
 
 4.2900 
 
 17.9500 
 
 4.8000 

2.7500 
 
 1.9000 
 
 7.8500 
 
 3.4750 
 
 12.9500 
 
 4.3000 
 
 18.0500 
 
 4.8100 

2.8500 
 
 1.9500 
 
 7.9500 
 
 3.5000 
 
 13.0500 
 
 4.3100 
 
 18.1500 
 
 4.8200 

2.9500 
 
 2.0000 
 
 8.0500 
 
 3.5250 
 
 13.1500 
 
 4.3200 
 
 18.2500 
 
 4.8300 

3.0500 
 
 2.0333 
 
 8.1500 
 
 3.5500 
 
 13.2500 
 
 4.3300 
 
 18.3500 
 
 4.8400 

3.1500 
 
 2.0667 
 
 8.2500 
 
 3.5750 
 
 13.3500 
 
 4.3400 
 
 18.4500 
 
 4.8500 

3.2500 
 
 2.1000 
 
 8.3500 
 
 3.6000 
 
 13.4500 
 
 4.3500 
 
 18.5500 
 
 4.8600 

3.3500 
 
 2.1333 
 
 8.4500 
 
 3.6250 
 
 13.5500 
 
 4.3600 
 
 18.6500 
 
 4.8700 

3.4500 
 
 2.1667 
 
 8.5500 
 
 3.6500 
 
 13.6500 
 
 4.3700 
 
 18.7500 
 
 4.8800 

3.5500 
 
 2.2000 
 
 8.6500 
 
 3.6750 
 
 13.7500 
 
 4.3800 
 
 18.8500 
 
 4.8900 

3.6500 
 
 2.2333 
 
 8.7500 
 
 3.7000 
 
 13.8500 
 
 4.3900 
 
 18.9500 
 
 4.9000 

3.7500 
 
 2.2667 
 
 8.8500 
 
 3.7250 
 
 13.9500 
 
 4.4000 
 
 19.0500 
 
 4.9100 

3.8500 
 
 2.3000 
 
 8.9500 
 
 3.7500 
 
 14.0500 
 
 4.4100 
 
 19.1500 
 
 4.9200 

3.9500 
 
 2.3333 
 
 9.0500 
 
 3.7750 
 
 14.1500 
 
 4.4200 
 
 19.2500 
 
 4.9300 

4.0500 
 
 2.3667 
 
 9.1500 
 
 3.8000 
 
 14.2500 
 
 4.4300 
 
 19.3500 
 
 4.9400 

4.1500 
 
 2.4000 
 
 9.2500 
 
 3.8250 
 
 14.3500 
 
 4.4400 
 
 19.4500 
 
 4.9500 

Sch. 1- 2 

Aggregate 

Aggregate 

Aggregate 

Aggregate 

Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 
 
 Industry 

Equivalent 
 
 Diversity 
 
 Equivalent 
 
 Diversity 
 
 Equivalent 
 
 Diversity 
 
 Equivalent 
 
 Diversity 

Unit 

Unit 

Unit 

Unit 

Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 
 
 Score 

4.2500 
 
 2.4333 
 
 9.3500 
 
 3.8500 
 
 14.4500 
 
 4.4500 
 
 19.5500 
 
 4.9600 

4.3500 
 
 2.4667 
 
 9.4500 
 
 3.8750 
 
 14.5500 
 
 4.4600 
 
 19.6500 
 
 4.9700 

4.4500 
 
 2.5000 
 
 9.5500 
 
 3.9000 
 
 14.6500 
 
 4.4700 
 
 19.7500 
 
 4.9800 

4.5500 
 
 2.5333 
 
 9.6500 
 
 3.9250 
 
 14.7500 
 
 4.4800 
 
 19.8500 
 
 4.9900 

4.6500 
 
 2.5667 
 
 9.7500 
 
 3.9500 
 
 14.8500 
 
 4.4900 
 
 19.9500 
 
 5.0000 

4.7500 
 
 2.6000 
 
 9.8500 
 
 3.9750 
 
 14.9500 
 
 4.5000 

4.8500 
 
 2.6333 
 
 9.9500 
 
 4.0000 
 
 15.0500 
 
 4.5100 

4.9500 
 
 2.6667 
 
 10.0500 
 
 4.0100 
 
 15.1500 
 
 4.5200 

(f) The Diversity Score is then calculated by summing each of the Industry Diversity Scores for each Moody s industry classification group shown on Schedule 2 . 

For purposes of calculating the Diversity Score, an Obligor and its Affiliates (if any) in the same Moody s industry classification group are deemed to be a single Obligor except as otherwise agreed to by Moody s. 
 Sch. 1- 3 

SCHEDULE 2 
 
 MOODY S INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION GROUP LIST 
 
 CORP - Aerospace Defense 
 
 CORP - Automotive 
 
 CORP - Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 
 CORP - Beverage, Food Tobacco 
 
 CORP - Capital Equipment 
 
 CORP - Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber 
 
 CORP - Construction Building 
 
 CORP - Consumer goods: Durable 
 
 CORP - Consumer goods: Non-durable 
 
 CORP - Containers, Packaging Glass 
 
 CORP - Energy: Electricity 
 
 CORP - Energy: Oil Gas 
 
 CORP - Environmental Industries 
 
 CORP - Forest Products Paper 
 
 CORP - Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 
 CORP - High Tech Industries 
 
 CORP - Hotel, Gaming Leisure 
 
 CORP - Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 
 CORP - Media: Broadcasting Subscription 
 
 CORP - Media: Diversified Production 
 
 CORP - Metals Mining 
 
 CORP - Retail 
 
 CORP - Services: Business 
 
 Sch. 2- 1 

CORP - Services: Consumer 
 
 CORP - Sovereign Public Finance 
 
 CORP - Telecommunications 
 
 CORP - Transportation: Cargo 
 
 CORP - Transportation: Consumer 
 
 CORP - Utilities: Electric 
 
 CORP - Utilities: Oil Gas 
 
 CORP - Utilities: Water 
 
 CORP Wholesale 
 
 Sch. 2- 2 

SCHEDULE 3 
 
 COLLATERAL OBLIGATIONS 
 
 [Attached] 
 
 Sch. 3- 1 

SCHEDULE 4 
 
 CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICY 
 
 [Delivered Separately] 
 
 Sch. 4- 1 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 7
 ck0001849894-ex10_11.htm
 EX-10.11

EX-10 

EX 10.11 
 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO LOAN FINANCING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT, dated as of December 16, 2022 (this Amendment ), among MSD BDC SPV I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Borrower ), MSD Investment Corp., a Maryland corporation, as equityholder (the Equityholder and as servicer (the Servicer ), Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch DBNY ), as facility agent (in such capacity, the Facility Agent and as a lender Lender and Mitsubishi HC Capital America, Inc., as a joining lender (as the Joining Lender ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Equityholder, the Servicer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as the collateral agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as the collateral custodian, the Facility Agent and each Agent and Lender party thereto are party to the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021 (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated and otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement ); 
 
 WHEREAS, the Joining Lender desires to become a Lender under the Loan Agreement and related Transaction Documents; 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Servicer, the Facility Agent and the Lenders have agreed to amend the Loan Agreement in accordance with Section 17.2 of the Loan Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein; and 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 Definitions 
 
 SECTION 1.1. Defined Terms . Terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Loan Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 Amendments 
 
 SECTION 2.1. Amendments to the Loan Agreement . The Loan Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and to add the bold and double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: bold and double underlined text) as set forth on the pages of the Loan Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto. 
 
 SECTION 2.2. Amendments to the Exhibits and Schedules to the Loan Agreement . The Exhibits and Schedules to the Loan Agreement are hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and to add the bold and double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: bold and double underlined text) as set forth on the pages of the Exhibits and Schedules to the Loan Agreement attached as Exhibit B hereto. 

1 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 Joining Lenders 
 
 SECTION 3.1. The Joining Lender is hereby joined to the Loan Agreement and all related Transaction Documents, in each case, as a Lender . 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 Conditions to Effectiveness 
 
 SECTION 4.1. This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first written above upon the satisfaction of the following conditions: 
 
 (a) execution and delivery of this Amendment by each party hereto; and 

(b) all fees (including reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and 

other charges of external counsel to the extent invoiced one Business Day prior to the date hereof) due to the Lenders on or prior to the effective date of this Amendment have been paid in full. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 Representations and Warranties 
 
 SECTION 5.1. The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Facility Agent and the Lenders that, as of the date first written above, (i) no Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default, Servicer Default or Unmatured Servicer Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in the Loan Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such day (other than any representation and warranty that is made as of a specific date). 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 SECTION 6.1. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 SECTION 6.2. Severability Clause . In case any provision in this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 SECTION 6.3. Ratification . Except as expressly amended and waived hereby, the Loan Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. 

2 
 
 SECTION 6.4. Counterparts; Electronic Execution . The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Amendment in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by email transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. The parties agree that this Amendment may be executed and delivered by electronic signatures and that the electronic signatures appearing on this Amendment are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility. 
 
 SECTION 6.5. Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof. 
 
 [Signature pages follow] 
 
 3 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. 

MSD BDC SPV I, LLC , as Borrower 

By: 
 
 /s/ Brian S. Williams 

Name: 
 
 Brian S. Williams 

Title: 
 
 CFO Treasurer 

[Signature Page to Amendment to LFSA] 

MSD INVESTMENT CORP. , as Equityholder and as Servicer 

By: 
 
 /s/ Brian S. Williams 

Name: 
 
 Brian S. Williams 

Title: 
 
 CFO Treasurer 

[Signature Page to Amendment to LFSA] 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH , as Facility Agent 

By: 
 
 /s/ Amit Patel 

Name: Amit Patel 

Title: Managing Director 

By: 
 
 /s/ Erica Flor 

Name: Erica Flor 

Title: VP 

[Signature Page to Amendment to LFSA] 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH , as an Agent and as a Committed Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ Amit Patel 

Name: Amit Patel 

Title: Managing Director 

By: 
 
 /s/ Erica Flor 

Name: Erica Flor 

Title: VP 

[Signature Page to Amendment to LFSA] 

MITSUBISHI HC CAPITAL AMERICA INC. , as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ James M. Gisimo 

Name: James M. Gisimo 

Title: Chief Credit Officer Commercial Finance 

[Signature Page to Amendment to LFSA] 

Exhibit A 
 CONFORMED LOAN FINANCING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 Conformed through Amendment No. 1 2 to the LFSA dated as of November 21 December 16 , 2022 

LOAN FINANCING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 

dated as of December 21, 2021 

MSD BDC SPV I, LLC 
 
 as Borrower, 

MSD INVESTMENT CORP. 
 
 as Equityholder and as Servicer, 

THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTIES HERETO, 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH 
 
 as Facility Agent, 

THE OTHER AGENTS PARTIES HERETO, 

and 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 
 as Collateral Agent 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 
 as Collateral Custodian 

Excess Concentration Measure means, (i) during the Ramp-Up Period, the Target Portfolio Amount and (ii) thereafter, the sum of (x) the Principal Balances for all Eligible Collateral Obligations plus (y) all amounts on deposit in the Principal Collection Account. 
 
 Excluded Amounts means, as of any date of determination, (i) any amount deposited into the Collection Account with respect to any Collateral Obligation, which amount is attributable to the reimbursement of payment by the Borrower of any Tax, fee or other charge imposed by any Official Body on such Collateral Obligation or on any Related Security, (ii) any interest or fees (including origination, agency, structuring, management or other up-front fees) that are for the account of the applicable Person from whom the Borrower purchased such Collateral Obligation, (iii) any reimbursement of insurance premiums, (iv) any escrows relating to Taxes, insurance and other amounts in connection with Collateral Obligations which are held in an escrow account for the benefit of the Obligor and the secured party pursuant to escrow arrangements under Underlying Instruments, and (v) any amount deposited into the Collection Account in error (including any amounts relating to any portion of an asset sold by the Borrower and occurring after the date of such sale). 
 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in the Obligations pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Obligations (other than pursuant to Section 17.16 or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 4.3 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 4.3(f) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 
 Executive Officer means, with respect to the Borrower, the Servicer or the Equityholder, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer of such Person, the Investment Manager or any other Person included on the incumbency certificate of the Borrower, Servicer or Equityholder, as applicable, delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(g) and, with respect to any other Person, the President, Chief Financial Officer or any Vice President. 
 
 Facility Agent has the meaning set forth in the Preamble . 
 
 Facility Amount means (a) prior to the end of the Revolving Period, 465,000,000 485,000,000 , unless this amount is permanently reduced pursuant to Section 2.5 or increased pursuant to Section 2.8 , in which event it means such lower or higher amount and (b) from and after the end of the Revolving Period, the aggregate principal amount of all the Advances outstanding. necessary or desirable to perfect and protect the assignments and security interests granted or purported to be granted by this Agreement or to enable the Collateral Agent or any of the Secured Parties to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies under this Agreement with respect to any Collateral. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower authorizes the filing of such financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto, and such other instruments or notices as may be necessary or desirable or that the Collateral Agent (acting solely at the Facility Agent s request) may reasonably request to protect and preserve the assignments and security interests granted by this Agreement. Such financing statements filed against the Borrower may describe the Collateral in the same manner specified in Section 12.1 or in any other manner as the Facility Agent may reasonably determine is necessary to ensure the perfection of such security interest (without disclosing the names of, or any information relating to, the Obligors thereunder), 
 
 1 
 
 including describing such property as all assets or all personal property of the Borrower whether now owned or hereafter acquired. 
 (b) The Borrower and each Secured Party hereby severally authorize the Collateral Agent, upon receipt of written direction from the Facility Agent, to file one or more financing or continuation statements, and amendments thereto, relating to all or any part of the Collateral. 

(c) It shall furnish to the Collateral Agent and the Facility Agent from time to time such statements and schedules further identifying and describing the Related Security and such other reports in connection with the Collateral as the Collateral Agent (acting solely at the Facility Agent s request) or the Facility Agent may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail. 

Section 10.19 Obligor Payment Instructions . 
 
 The Borrower acknowledges that the power of attorney granted in Section 13.10 to the Collateral Agent permits the Collateral Agent to send (at the Facility Agent s written direction after the occurrence of an Event of Default) Obligor notification forms to give notice to the Obligors of the Collateral Agent s interest in the Collateral and the obligation to make payments as directed by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Facility Agent). The Borrower further agrees that it shall (or it shall cause the Servicer to) provide prompt notice to the Facility Agent of any misdirected or errant payments made by any Obligor with respect to any Collateral Obligation and direct such Obligor to make payments as required hereunder. 
 
 Section 10.20 Delivery of Collateral Obligation Files . 
 
 (a) The Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) shall deliver to the Collateral Custodian (with a copy to the Facility Agent at the following e-mail addresses (for electronic copies): amit.patel@db.com, erica.flor@db.com and peter.sabino christina.flowers @db.com) the Collateral Obligation Files identified on the related Document Checklist promptly upon receipt but in no event later than five (5) Business Days of the related Funding Date; provided that any file-stamped document included in any Collateral Obligation File shall be delivered as soon as they are reasonably available (even if not within five (5) Business Days of the related Funding Date). In addition, promptly following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Custodian (with a copy to the Facility Agent at the email addresses set forth above) a fully executed assignment in blank for each Collateral Obligation for which the Servicer, the Equityholder, the Investment Manager or any of their respective Affiliates is the loan agent. The Borrower shall maintain (or cause to be maintained) for the Secured Parties in accordance with their respective interests all Records that evidence or relate to the Collections not previously delivered to the Collateral Agent and shall, as soon as reasonably practicable upon demand of the Facility Agent, make available, or, upon the Facility Agent s demand following the occurrence and during the continuation of a Servicer Default, deliver to the Facility Agent copies of all such Records which evidence or relate to the Collections. 

(b) The Borrower shall deliver the following: (i) all Asset Approval Requests to lenderfinance_collatreview@list.db.com, (ii) Monthly Reports delivered in connection with Section 8.5 to csg.india@db.com, abs.conduits@db.com, dbinvestor@list.db.com, amit.patel@db.com, erica.flor@db.com and peter.sabino christina.flowers @db.com, (iii) requests or notices delivered in accordance with Sections 2.2 , 2.4 or 8.3(b) , to abs.conduits@db.com, lenderfinance_collatreview@list.db.com, amit.patel@db.com, erica.flor@db.com and peter.sabino christina.flowers @db.com and (iv) obligor reports delivered in connection with Section 7.5(l) to gcrt.ratingrequests@db.com and lenderfinance_collatreview@list.db.com. 

Section 10.21 ERISA . 
 
 (a) The Borrower will not become a Benefit Plan Investor at any time while any Obligations are outstanding. 

2 

(b) The Borrower will not take any action, or omit to take any action, which would give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406(a)(1)(B) of ERISA or Section 4975(c)(1)(B) of the Code that would subject any Lender to any tax, penalty, damages, or any other claim for relief under ERISA or the Code. 

(c) The Borrower shall not sponsor, maintain, or contribute to, any Plan. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any ERISA Affiliate to, permit to exist any occurrence of any ERISA Event, and (ii) the Borrower shall not permit any ERISA Affiliate to sponsor, maintain, contribute to, or incur any liability in respect of, any Plan. 

Section 10.22 Risk Retention . 
 
 (a) For so long as any Obligations are outstanding and any Lender is subject to the EU Securitization Rules, the Equityholder as an originator for purposes of the EU Securitization Rules, represents and undertakes that: (A) the Equityholder holds and will retain, on an on-going basis, a material net economic interest in the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, which shall not be less than 5 of the aggregate nominal value of all the Collateral Obligations (the Retained Economic Interest measured at the time of origination 

3 

APPLE BANK FOR SAVINGS , as an Agent 

and as a Lender 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

FIRST FOUNDATION BANK , as an Agent 

and as a Lender 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

TEXAS CAPITAL BANK , as an Agent and as 

a Lender 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

MITSUBISHI HC CAPITAL AMERICA, 

INC. , as an Agent and as a Lender 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

4 
 
 U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as Collateral Agent and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Custodian 
 
 For delivery of 
 Collateral Obligation files only: 
 
 U.S. Bank National Association 
 1719 Otis Way 
 Florence, South Carolina 29501 
 Attention: Steve Garrett 
 Telephone: (843) 673-0162 
 Facsimile: (843) 676-8901 
 Email: steven.garrett@usbank.com 
 
 For all other notices and communications: 
 
 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 
 190 South LaSalle Street 
 Chicago, IL 60603 
 Attention: Global Corporate Trust MSD BDC SPV I, LLC 
 Email: kevin.kasjanski@usbank.com 
 Telephone: (312) 332-6957 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH , 
 as Facility Agent 
 
 One Columbus Circle 
 New York, New York 10019 
 Attention: Asset Finance Department 
 Email: abs.conduits@db.com, lenderfinance_collatreview@list.db.com, amit.patel@db.com, 
 erica.flor@db.com and peter.sabino christina.flowers @db.com 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH , 
 as an Agent and as a Lender 
 
 One Columbus Circle 
 New York, New York 10019 
 Attention: Asset Finance Department 
 Email: abs.conduits@db.com, lenderfinance_collatreview@list.db.com, amit.patel@db.com, 
 erica.flor@db.com and peter.sabino christina.flowers @db.com 

5 
 
 APPLE BANK FOR SAVING , 
 as a Lender 
 
 122 E. 42 nd Street, 9 th Floor 
 New York, NY 10168 
 Attention: Burt Feinberg 
 email: Bfeinberg@applebank.com 

FIRST FOUNDATION BANK , 
 as a Lender 
 
 18101 Von Karman Avenue Suite 750 
 Irvine, CA 92612 
 Attention: Loan Servicing 
 Telephone: 949-202-4103 
 Facsimile: 949-202-4184 
 email: investor@ff-inc.com 

TEXAS CAPITAL BANK , 
 as a Lender 
 
 2350 Lakeside Blvd., Suite 800 
 Richardson, TX 75082 
 Attention: Participation/Syndication Servicing 
 Email: CreditServices-PartiSyndiServicing@texascapitalbank.com 

MITSUBISHI HC CAPITAL AMERICA, INC. 
 as a Lender 
 
 800 Connecticut Avenue Norwalk, CT 06854 
 Attention: John Nocita; Kaitlyn McDonald; Doug Hirai 
 Telephone: 248-658-3239; 248-658-3229; 203-956-3243 
 Email: Jnocita@mhccna.com; docs@mhccna.com; dhirai@mhccna.com 
 
 Annex B 

Lender 
 Commitment 

Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch 
 400,000,000 

First Foundation Bank 
 30,000,000 

Apple Bank for Savings 
 20,000,000 

6 

Texas Capital Bank 
 15,000,000 

15,000,000 

20,000,000 

Mitsubishi HC Capital America, Inc. 

7 
 
 Exhibit B 
 
 CONFORMED EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES TO LOAN FINANCING AND SERVICING 
 
 AGREEMENT 
 
 8 
 
 Conformed through Amendment No. 1 2 dated November 21 December 16 , 2022 

SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 
 
 TO 
 
 LOAN FINANCING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 
 
 Dated as of December 21, 2021 
 
 MSD BDC SPV I, LLC 
 
 EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT A 
 Form of Note 

EXHIBIT B 
 Audit Standards 

EXHIBIT C-1 
 Form of Advance Request 

EXHIBIT C-2 
 Form of Reinvestment Request 

EXHIBIT C-3 
 Form of Electronic Asset Approval Request 

EXHIBIT C-4 
 Form of Prepayment Notice 

EXHIBIT C-5 
 Form of Electronic Asset Approval Notice 

EXHIBIT D 
 Form of Monthly Report 

EXHIBIT E 
 Form of Joinder Agreement 

EXHIBIT F-1 
 Authorized Representatives of Servicer 

EXHIBIT F-2 
 Request for Release and Receipt 

EXHIBIT F-3 
 Request for Release of Request for Release and Receipt 

EXHIBIT G-1 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Lender - non-Partnerships) 

EXHIBIT G-2 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Participant - non-Partnerships) 

EXHIBIT G-3 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Participants - Partnerships) 

EXHIBIT G-4 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (Foreign Lenders - Partnerships) 

EXHIBIT H 
 Schedule of Collateral Obligations Certification 

SCHEDULES 

SCHEDULE 1 
 Diversity Score Calculation 

SCHEDULE 2 
 Moody s Industry Classification Group List 

SCHEDULE 3 
 Collateral Obligations 

SCHEDULE 4 
 Credit and Collection Policy 

SCHEDULE 5 
 Account Numbers 

9 

Deutsche Bank AG, New 
 _______ 

York Branch 

First Foundation Bank 
 _______ 

Apple Bank for Savings 
 _______ 

Texas Capital Bank 
 _______ 

Mitsubishi HC Capital 
 _______ 

America, Inc. 

Total 
 _______ 

2. The Advance be made to the Borrower on [_______], 20[__] (the Advance Date on [____] days notice; and 

3. The proceeds of the Advance be wired to the Collateral Agent for distribution to (or on behalf of) the Borrower on the Advance Date pursuant to the following wiring instructions: 

Bank: [_________] 
 ABA #: [_________] 
 
 Account Name: [_________] 
 Account Number: [_________] 
 Reference: [_________] 
 
 After giving effect to the Advance and the Collateral Obligation(s) to be purchased by the Borrower with the proceeds of the Advance, as calculated as of the Advance Date, the aggregate principal amount of all Advances outstanding shall not exceed the lowest of (a) the Facility Amount, (b) the Borrowing Base and (c) the Maximum Availability. 
 
 By its acceptance of the Advance, the Borrower represents that the conditions described in Section 6.2 of the Loan Financing Agreement have been satisfied with respect to such Advance. 
 
 The Borrower agrees that (x) this Advance Request is irrevocable; provided , that if this Advance Request is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other transactions, it may be revoked or delayed by the Borrower (by notice to the Facility Agent on or prior to the proposed Advance Date) if such other transactions fail to become effective, and (y) if prior to the Advance Date any matter certified to herein by it will not be true and correct in all material respects (or if such representation and warranty is already qualified by the words material , materially or Material Adverse Effect , then such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all 
 
 10 

Lender 
 Current 
 Current 
 Advances to be 
 Advances After 

Commitment 
 Advances 
 Prepaid 
 Prepayment 

Outstanding 

Deutsche Bank 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 

AG New York 

Branch 

First Foundation 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 

Bank 

Apple Bank for 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 

Savings 

Texas Capital 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 

Bank 

Mitsubishi HC 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 

Capital America, 

Inc. 

Total 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 

2. The prepayment shall be made by the Borrower on [_______], 20[__] (the Prepayment Date ); and 

3. The amount of such prepayment shall be wired to the Collateral Agent for distribution to (or on behalf of) the Lenders on the Prepayment Date 

The Borrower represents that the conditions described in Section 2.4 of the Loan Financing Agreement have been satisfied with respect to such prepayment. 
 
 The Borrower has caused this Prepayment Notice to be executed and delivered, and the certification and warranties contained herein to be made, by its duly authorized officer on the date first set forth above. 

11 

</EX-10>

<EX-31>
 8
 ck0001849894-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert Platek, Chief Executive Officer of MSD Investment Corp., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MSD Investment Corp (the registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Robert Platek 

Robert Platek 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 9
 ck0001849894-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Brian S. Williams, Chief Financial Officer of MSD Investment Corp., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MSD Investment Corp. (the registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Brian S. Williams 

Brian S. Williams 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 10
 ck0001849894-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chief Executive Officer of MSD Investment Corp. (the Company ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge: 
 (1) the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Robert Platek 

Robert Platek 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 11
 ck0001849894-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chief Financial Officer of MSD Investment Corp. (the Company ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge: 
 (1) the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 23, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Brian S. Williams 

Brian S. Williams 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

