<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1305168_0001305168-23-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9480908</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>211210</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1483215</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3303204</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2259876</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2045917</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001305168-23-000018.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223140528
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001305168-23-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ARC DOCUMENT SOLUTIONS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001305168
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MAILING, REPRODUCTION, COMMERCIAL ART & PHOTOGRAPHY [7330]
		IRS NUMBER:				201700361
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32407
		FILM NUMBER:		23658755

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12657 ALCOSTA BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN RAMON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94583
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(925) 949-5126

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12657 ALCOSTA BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN RAMON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94583

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Reprographics CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041005

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001305168-23-000018.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 arc-20221231.htm
 10-K

arc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________________________ 
 Form 
 _______________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 _______________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 _______________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant s principal executive offices) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Based on the closing price of 2.63 of the registrant s Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on that date was approximately . 
 As of February 14, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

_______________________________________ 

ARC DOCUMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 
 Page 
 PART I 6 
 Item 1. Business 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 11 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 15 
 Item 2. Properties 15 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 15 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 15 
 PART II 16 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 16 
 Item 6. Reserved 16 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 17 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 30 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 30 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 30 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 31 
 Item 9B. Other Information 31 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 31 
 PART III 32 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 32 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 32 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 33 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 33 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 33 
 PART IV 34 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 34 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 39 
 Signatures 40 

3 

ARC DOCUMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, ARC Document Solutions, ARC, the Company, we, us, and our refer to ARC Document Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise dictates. 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this report are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements with respect to expectations regarding the impact of the future cash flows, and capital requirements, the impact of foreign exchange rate movements on sales and net income, and the Company's anticipated effective tax rate, and statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, plan, project, target, likely, will, would, could, and other similar language, whether in the negative or affirmative. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. Such statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions described in the section titled Risk Factors under Part I, Item 1A below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as indicative of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Some of the key factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations are listed below: 
 A significant portion of our revenue across all of our product and services is generated from customers in the architectural, engineering, construction and building owner/operator industry. Any decline in that industry could adversely affect our future revenue and profitability. 
 Because a significant portion of our overall costs are fixed, our earnings are highly sensitive to changes in revenue. 
 We derive a significant percentage of net sales from within the State of California and our business could be disproportionately harmed by an economic downturn or natural disaster affecting California. 
 Our growth strategy depends, in part, on our ability to successfully market and execute several different, but related, service offerings. Failure to do so could impede our future growth and adversely affect our competitive position. 
 We are dependent upon our vendors to continue to supply us equipment, parts, supplies, and services at comparable terms and price levels as the business grows. 
 Our failure to protect our customers confidential information against security breaches could damage our reputation, harm our business and adversely affect our results of operation. 
 Our failure to adequately protect the proprietary aspects of our technology solutions may cause us to lose market share. 
 Our failure to comply with laws related to privacy and data security could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Our information technology and telecommunications systems are susceptible to damage, breach or interruption. 
 Added risks are associated with our international operations. 
 Our business could suffer if we fail to attract, retain, and successfully integrate skilled personnel. 
 The market prices of our common stock is volatile, and is impacted by factors other than our financial performance, which could cause the value of an investment in our stock to decline. 
 4 

Changes in tax laws and interpretations could adversely affect our business. 
 Our debt instruments impose certain restrictions on our ability to operate which in turn could negatively affect our ability to respond to business and market conditions and therefore could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 If the interest rates on our borrowings increase, our access to capital and net income could be adversely affected. 
 We may be exposed to employment-related claims and costs and periodic litigation that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 All future written and verbal forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. We undertake no obligation, and specifically disclaim any obligation, to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should, however, consult further disclosures we make in future filings of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments thereto, as well as our proxy statements. 
 TRADEMARKS AND TRADE NAMES 
 We own or have rights to a number of trademarks, service marks, and trade names that we use in conjunction with the operation of our business, including the name and design mark ARC Document Solutions, ABACUS, METAPRINT, PlanWell, PlanWell PDS, Riot Creative Imaging, SKYSITE, and various design marks associated therewith. In addition, we own or have rights to various trademarks, service marks, and trade names that we use regionally in conjunction with our operations. This report also includes trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies. 

5 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Our Company 
 ARC Document Solutions Inc. is a digital printing company. We provide digital printing and document-related services to customers in a growing variety of industries. Our primary services are: 
 digital printing of general and specialized business documents such as those found in marketing and advertising, engineering and construction and other industries, as well as producing highly-customized display graphics of all types and sizes; 
 acquiring, placing and managing ARC-certified office printing equipment with proprietary device tracking and print management software at our customers offices and job sites; 
 scanning documents, indexing them and adding digital search features for use in digital document management, document archives and facilities management, as well as providing other digital imaging services; and, 
 reselling digital printing equipment and supplies. 
 
 Each of these services frequently include additional logistics services in the form of distributing and delivering finished documents, installing display graphics, or the digital storage of graphic files. 
 While our production equipment and services are technologically sophisticated, we have also invested heavily in developing technology applications that improve digital printing and document management process, increase the efficiency of print networks, and provide features that enhance data security. We believe the use of this technology by our customers creates a more valuable relationship. 
 Our services, technology and national footprint create economies of scale and production efficiency across geographical boundaries for customers who prefer to work with a single supplier for their digital printing needs. We believe these single-source capabilities provide us with a material advantage over our competition in local and regional markets. 
 We serve more than 40,000 active customers in a wide variety of markets including retail, technology, energy, education, hospitality, public utilities, and others. We also perform work for a majority of the largest design, engineering, and construction-oriented firms in North America. Our largest customers are served by an enterprise sales force called Global Solutions. No individual customer accounts for more than 2.5 of our overall revenue. 
 We believe that no other public company in the U.S. offers the particular set of services we do. We believe we are the largest digital printing provider to the architectural, engineering and construction industry, or AEC, as measured by revenue, number of customers, and number of service centers. 
 Our employees are generally long-tenured, highly-experienced, and cross-trained. They provide our services from more than 130 service centers located throughout North America and in select locations around the world. All of our service centers can provide the complete array of our general services, but each service center varies in scale, size of labor force and capacity based on the size and needs of its particular market. 
 Our primary operational objective is to drive as much customer work through our service center network as is practical in order to leverage our production infrastructure, a capable and efficient workforce, and production-grade equipment. 
 Our services can be customized to meet the needs of individual customers, as well as address the needs of a broad industry, and we believe we have an excellent reputation for service and reliability. Because of our reputation for high level of service and the benefits that our technology brings to our customers, we find that we are able to charge a reasonable premium for our offering. 
 Importantly, we don't believe that we should be compared to conventional printers. We do not produce high-volume, low-margin, commodity offset or lithographic printing, but rather provide short-run, customized, high-quality digital printing services. As such, we believe the customers, end-products, production equipment, labor utilization and economic models of conventional printers are materially different than ours. 
 We were founded in 1988, went public and was listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 2005, and is headquartered in San Ramon, California. We are a Delaware corporation operating under a single brand, ARC. Our corporate name is ARC 
 6 

Document Solutions, Inc., and our NYSE ticker symbol is ARC. We conduct our operations through our wholly-owned subsidiary, ARC Document Solutions, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, and its affiliates. In the years following our inception, our business grew through acquisitions, but for more than a decade acquisitions have not been a focal point for growth. 
 Principal Products and Services 
 Specifically, our offerings include: 
 Digital Printing: We print documents of any size in color and black and white on a variety of materials including plain paper, vinyl, fabric, metal, wood and other three-dimensional substrates. While we can and do print high-page count work such as manuals or catalogs, the documents we typically produce are usually characterized by their high-quality production, low-volume and quick turnaround, and are produced using highly-sophisticated digital printing equipment. 
 Managed Print Services: We acquire and manage digital printing equipment and place it in our customers' facilities for their use, based on a service level agreement, or SLA. We lease or own the equipment ourselves, while our customers pay for what they use. Per-use minimum charges are often part of our SLAs. We operate more than 10,500 managed print services, or MPS, locations, ranging in size from one or two pieces of equipment in a single office, to hundreds of pieces equipment in offices around the world. We also provide proprietary software to our customers that are designed to control their print expenses and connect their remote employees with their offices and ARC print centers nationwide. This software is developed and integrated by ARC. 
 Scanning and Digital Imaging: We scan hard-copy small format or large format documents in color or black and white, typically providing them to our customers as searchable PDF files. We also use our patented optical character recognition technology to make documents searchable, and we host them on proprietary applications for use as part of our ARC Facilities solutions. The types of documents that we scan include office files, construction plans and other small or large documents. We also process, distribute and print-on-demand images we capture for our customers. Our large, centralized Scanning and Digital Imaging centers are compliant with the Health Insurability Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, so we can convert documents that include protected health information, or PHI. Our unique software creates efficient search tags on scanned data for easy search and retrieval. We offer Cloud-based document management software and other digital hosting services to our customers or make files available for our customers to host themselves. 
 Equipment and Supplies Sales: We sell equipment and supplies to a small segment of our customer base. We also provide ancillary services such as equipment service and maintenance, often as a way to generate recurring revenue in addition to a one-time sale. In addition, we offer certified used equipment available for sale or for use in our MPS offering. 
 In previous years, our services were characterized by the primary industries/markets in which they were meant to be sold, e.g., the construction industry or the document archiving and storage market. Having expanded the variety of the markets and industries we serve over the past several years, we now believe it is more useful to report our services by production method. Specifically, we previously described Digital Printing as construction document and information management or CDIM, and Scanning and Digital Imaging as archiving and information management or AIM. 
 The methods for financial reporting and revenue recognition in our renamed service lines remain unchanged. Likewise, Managed Print Services or MPS and Equipment Sales and Supplies are also reported identically from previous years. 
 Operations 
 The majority of our products and services are available from each of our service centers. As noted earlier, our primary operational objective is to optimize our business performance by driving as much customer work through our service center network as is practical, leveraging our production infrastructure, workforce, and production-grade equipment. All our production centers are digitally connected and we operate standard software and systems to support seamless movement of customers digital data and print anywhere within the ARC system. 
 In addition, we can provide many of our services in our customers offices. Our geographic presence is concentrated in the U.S., with additional service centers in Canada, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), China, India, and the United Kingdom. Our origin as a company was in California, and the initial expansion of our business was concentrated there. We derive approximately 31 of our total revenue from the products and services delivered in California. 
 All of our production facilities are connected via a Software-Defined Wide Area Network, or SD-WAN. Our cloud offerings are hosted by Amazon Web Services. We employ a combination of proprietary and industry-leading technologies to provide redundancy, backup and security of all data in our systems. All of our technology operations are designed to meet ISO 
 7 

29001 standards for data security, and several of our service centers are HIPAA-compliant allowing us to manage document conversions and other scanning tasks involving protected health information, or PHI. 
 In response to the pandemic, most of our corporate, financial and administrative staff have been working entirely or partially from home, while our service center staff continue to work in our facilities and adhere to strict safety and health protocols. 
 Seasonality is a small part of our business, with sales of Digital Printing for construction clients influenced by seasonality and building cycles. Sales of display graphics are affected by retail trends, marketing calendars, advertising campaigns and branding initiatives, as well as the marketing and communication needs of our office and real estate development clients. 
 MPS sales are driven by the generation of office documents and our customers' desire to improve business processes and reduce print-related costs. Scanning and Digital Imaging sales are influenced primarily by the desire for document workflow improvements. Equipment and Supplies sales are driven by purchasing cycles of individual customers, as well as by new features and advancements from equipment manufacturers. 
 Strategic Focus 
 Our strategic focus areas include driving profitable growth, optimizing our business performance, and returning value to our shareholders. 
 Driving profitable growth : We intend to expand the markets and industries we serve while leveraging our long-term relationships with existing customers. Our outside sales efforts are focused on developing new customers and markets that are identified and targeted by our centralized corporate marketing team. Account-based sales have been generally shifted to in-house service centers where work is performed, existing customer relationships are strongest, and additional contacts within these accounts can be easily discovered. 
 O ptimizing our business performance : We intend to leverage our service centers and cross-trained workforce to create efficiencies in our operations, lower our costs, and provide exceptional service to our customers. We believe that the more work we are able to drive through our service centers, the greater our efficiencies become. 
 Returning value to our shareholders : We intend to continue focusing our capital allocation strategy on benefiting our shareholders by using our cash flows to fund our dividend program and repurchase shares of our common stock in the open market. 
 Human Capital Management 
 We employed approximately 1,800 people as of December 31, 2022. Approximately 70 of our employees are located in the U.S. Approximately 98 of our team are full-time employees, with 60 representing non-exempt roles working in production functions. There are 15 engineers employed in our corporate headquarters in San Ramon, California, to develop, maintain, and support our proprietary software solutions. We also operate a technology center in Kolkata, India, with approximately 200 employees at that location who, in addition to supporting our San Ramon technology team, also support our research and development efforts. Approximately 80 service employees and managers work in our service centers in Canada, 50 in the United Kingdom, and another 200 in India, United Arab Emirates and China. None of our employees are currently represented by labor unions. 
 We have long embraced inclusion, diversity and equity in our workforce from the top down. Two of our four board members are women. Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Operating Officer and our Chief Technology Officer are Southeast Asian, our Chief Financial Officer is Hispanic, and our Corporate Counsel and Corporate Secretary is a woman. Similar racial and gender diversity is represented across our workforce. 
 We believe our success is a direct result of the contributions and commitment of our employees. Like most U.S. employers in 2022, ARC adjusted its compensation plans throughout the year to help facilitate employee retention. We also make profit-sharing and incentive plans part of most employees' compensation package. We believe that profit-sharing plans in particular encourage team efforts and cohesion within local and regional employee groups. 
 Our employee benefit offerings include price-competitive, high-quality medical insurance plans that include incentives for physical fitness, and we offer mental health and other employee assistance programs. 
 8 

Our Customers 
 We serve approximately 40,000 active customers in a wide variety of markets. No single customer accounted for 2.5 or more of our sales in 2022. The size of our customers is wide-ranging, from local restaurant owners and construction subcontractors to international retailers, regional energy companies, and some of the country s largest school districts. We frequently sell products and services from across our portfolio to a single customer, particularly when working with larger customers. In addition, we often sell similar services to different companies within the same industry. Payment terms for account-based customers typically do not exceed 30 days. 
 The types of Digital Printing customers we sell to span a wide variety of industries that include but are not limited to: 
 advertising/media/marketing/promotional/graphic design departments 
 building owners and real estate developers 
 design, engineering and construction professionals 
 office management IT departments responsible for print and document management 
 facilities management staff in schools, hospitals and other institutions 
 procurement departments in businesses of all kinds 
 small business owners 
 retail merchandising departments, and 
 city/county/state municipalities 
 The local markets we serve through our service centers are often highly fragmented with a wide variety of specialized, geographically-differentiated business practices. Larger regional, national and international customers often consolidate the purchasing and the acquisition of our services through a single corporate department. We serve these larger customers through our enterprise sales force which we refer to as our Global Solutions. 
 Competition 
 The level of competition that we face varies in each of our markets, but we believe our service level, the breadth of our offerings, price, quality, responsiveness, and convenience to the customer are common competitive elements in any market. 
 We often compete with single-service firms, e.g., quick printers, copier dealers or scanning bureaus, but we do not know of any other firm that currently provides the full suite of services we offer. 
 Local copy shops and self-serve franchises are often aggressive competitors for digital printing business, but rarely offer the breadth of document management and logistics services that we do. 
 There are several companies in each major metropolitan market that provide MPS and related print services, but we believe these companies cannot provide the same or similar integrated services and technology that we offer. 
 Likewise, there are small and regional scanning companies in many of the markets where we compete, but few have the infrastructure, footprint, stewardship guarantees, and privacy certifications that we do. 
 With regard to large national and international customers, we know of no other document solutions companies in the U.S. with the national presence and global reach that we have established for each of our primary services. 
 We believe that we have a strong competitive position in the markets and industries that we serve for the following reasons: 
 Broad expertise in specialized digital printing, finishing and installation. 
 Capabilities in a wide variety of digital printing formats including large-format, small-format, black and white, color, as well as print capabilities on conventional substrates (paper and paper-based products) and unconventional substrates (vinyl, fabric, plastic, metal, three-dimensional structures, etc.). 
 Strong domain expertise in printing specialty documents, especially in the architectural, engineering and construction industries. 
 Long-standing positive customer relationships in every industry we serve. 
 High-ranking organic search engine statistics for our primary services. 
 Long-term contracts with high-profile, enterprise-level customers that can be leveraged for referral work. 
 A large North American service center footprint of more than 130 facilities, with additional market presence in Canada, China, the UAE, India, the U.K. and other select international locations. 
 The variety of equipment brands we make available to our customers as compared to the single brands offered by competing equipment manufacturers. 
 9 

We believe we are the only national company that integrates digital printing and document production at (1) customer sites (onsite offerings), (2) a national network of service centers (offsite offerings), and (3) digital management of documents in the cloud (cloud-based offerings). 
 Suppliers and Vendors 
 We purchase or lease equipment for use in our production facilities and at our customers sites. We also purchase paper, toner and other consumables for the operation of our equipment. As a high-volume purchaser, we believe we receive favorable prices as compared to other service providers. Price increases are typically passed on to customers. 
 Our primary vendors of equipment, maintenance services, and digital printing supplies include Hewlett Packard, Canon Solutions America (Oc ), and Xerox. 
 Purchases from these vendors during 2022 comprised approximately 40 of our total purchases of inventory and supplies. Although there are a limited number of suppliers that could supply our inventory, we believe any shortfalls from existing suppliers could be filled by other suppliers on comparable terms. 
 Proprietary Rights 
 We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, license agreements, nondisclosure and non-competition agreements, reseller agreements, customer contracts, and technical measures to establish and protect our rights in our proprietary technology. We also rely on a variety of technologies that are licensed from third parties to perform key functions. 
 We have registered ARC Document Solutions, ARC, as well as our historical name and logo, American Reprographics Company, as trademarks in the U.S. with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO. We have registered PlanWell , PlanWell PDS , Riot Creative Imaging , ABACUS and "SKYSITE as trademarks with the USPTO and in other countries. We have registered three patents which relate to systems and methods for optimizing data transfers and synchronization of information that enable our facilities management solution. We do not own any other registered trademarks, service marks, or patents, that are material to our business. 
 For a discussion of the risks associated with our proprietary rights, see Item 1A, "Risk Factors - Our failure to adequately protect the proprietary aspects of our technology solutions may cause us to lose market share." 
 Available Information 
 We use our corporate website, www.e-arc.com, as a channel for routine distribution of important information, including news releases, analyst presentations and financial information. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or into any other report or document we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or SEC. We file with, or furnish, to the SEC Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as well as proxy statements and annual reports to shareholders, and, from time to time, other documents. The reports and other documents filed with or furnished to the SEC are available to investors on or through our corporate website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with or furnish them to the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site located at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our SEC filings and other documents pertaining to the conduct of our business can be found on the Investors section of our website available at ir.e-arc.com. These documents are available in print to any shareholder who requests a copy by writing or by calling ARC Document Solutions. 
 
 10 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The risks and uncertainties set forth below, as well as other risks and uncertainties described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K including in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations or in other filings with the SEC, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and the trading price of our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to us or that are not currently believed by us to be material may also harm our business operations and financial results. Because of the following risks and uncertainties, as well as other factors affecting our financial condition and operating results, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 A significant portion of our revenue across all of our product and services is generated from customers in the AEC/O industry. Any decline in that industry could adversely affect our future revenue and profitability. 
 We estimate that customers in the AEC/O industry accounted for more than 50 of our net sales in 2022; therefore, our results largely depend on the strength of that industry. Our historical operating results reflect the cyclical and variable nature of the AEC/O industry. We believe that the AEC/O industry generally experiences downturns several months after a downturn in the general economy, and that there may be a similar delay in the recovery of the AEC/O industry following a recovery of the general economy. A downturn in the AEC/O industry would diminish demand for all of our products and services, and would therefore negatively affect our revenues and have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We derive a significant percentage of net sales from within the State of California and our business could be disproportionately harmed by an economic downturn or natural disaster affecting California. 
 We derived approximately 31 of our net sales in 2022 from our operations in California. Accordingly, we are sensitive to economic factors affecting business activity in California, including general and local economic conditions, declines in specific industries, macroeconomic trends, political factors affecting commerce and economic development, and natural disasters (including drought, earthquakes and wildfires) the intensity and frequency of which are being exacerbated by climate change. Any adverse developments affecting California could have a disproportionately negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our growth strategy depends, in part, on our ability to successfully market and execute several different, but related, service offerings. Failure to do so could impede our future growth and adversely affect our competitive position. 
 As part of our growth strategy, we intend to continue to offer and grow a variety of service offerings that are relatively new to the company. Our efforts will be affected by our ability to acquire new customers for our new service offerings as well as sell the new service offerings to existing customers. If we fail to procure new customers or sell these services to our existing customers, our growth may be adversely affected and we may incur operating losses as a result of a failure to realize revenue from the investments made in new service offerings. 
 Because a significant portion of our overall costs are fixed, our earnings are highly sensitive to changes in revenue. 
 Our network of service centers, equipment and related support activities involves substantial fixed costs which cannot be adjusted quickly to respond to declines in demand for our services. We estimate that approximately 24 of our overall costs were fixed in 2022. As a consequence, our results of operations are subject to relatively high levels of volatility and our earnings could deteriorate rapidly in the face of declining revenues because our ability to reduce fixed costs in the short-term is limited. If we fail to manage our fixed costs appropriately, or to maintain adequate cash reserves to cover such costs, we may suffer material adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are dependent upon our vendors to continue to supply us with equipment, parts, supplies, and services at comparable terms and price levels as the business grows. 
 Our access to equipment, parts, supplies, and services depends upon our relationships with, and our ability to purchase these items on competitive terms from our principal vendors. These vendors are not required to use us to distribute their equipment and are generally free to change the prices and other terms at which they sell to us. In addition, we compete with the selling efforts of some of these vendors. Our reliance on a limited number of principal vendors presents various risks. These include the risk that an interruption in our relationships with our principal vendors for any reason, such as a natural catastrophe, epidemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or actions taken in regard to increased tariffs on goods produced in certain 
 11 

countries such as China, we may not be able to develop an alternate source without incurring material additional costs and substantial delays. Significant deterioration in relationships with, or in the financial condition of, these significant vendors could have an adverse effect on our ability to sell equipment as well as our ability to provide effective service and technical support to our customers. If one of these vendors terminates or significantly curtails its relationship with us, or if one of these vendors ceases operations, we would be forced to expand our relationships with our other existing vendors or seek out new relationships with previously unused vendors. 
 Our failure to adequately protect the proprietary aspects of our technology solutions may cause us to lose market share. 
 Our success depends on our ability to protect and preserve the proprietary aspects of our technology products. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection, confidentiality agreements, license and subscription agreements, and technical measures to establish and protect our rights in our proprietary technologies. These protections, however, may be inadequate. It is also possible that our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, allowing others to use our intellectual property to our competitive detriment. Furthermore, we may, from time to time, be subject to intellectual property litigation which can be expensive, a burden on management s time and our Company s resources, and the outcome of any such litigation may be uncertain. 
 Competition in our industry and innovation by our competitors may hinder our ability to execute our business strategy and adversely affect our profitability. 
 The markets for our products and services are highly competitive, with competition primarily at local and regional levels. We compete primarily based on the level and quality of customer service, technological leadership, and price. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to improve our service and product offerings, and develop and integrate new technology solutions. In addition, current and prospective customers may decide to perform certain services themselves instead of outsourcing these services to us. These competitive pressures could adversely affect our sales and consolidated results of operations. 
 Our failure to comply with laws related to privacy and data security could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 We are or may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. These laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. In particular, health information-related laws and regulations, such as the HIPAA, may also have an impact on our business in light of the scanning and storage capabilities that we offer and provide to certain customers, which may involve user data that is considered to be personal health information under HIPAA. If we are unable to comply with the applicable privacy and security requirements, we could be subject to claims, legal liabilities, penalties, fines, and negative publicity, which could harm our operating results. 
 Our information technology and telecommunications systems are susceptible to damage, breach or interruption. 
 The management of our business is aided by the uninterrupted operation of our information technology systems, including computer hardware and software, and telecommunication systems. These systems are vulnerable to security breaches, natural disasters or other catastrophic events, computer viruses, or other interruptions or damage stemming from power outages, equipment failure or unintended usage by employees. In particular, our employees and unauthorized third parties may gain access to personally identifiable or other regulated information, the misuse of which could result in legal liability. In addition, we rely on information technology systems to process, transmit and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with our clients, partners and consultants, including through cloud-based platforms often provided by third parties. The breadth and complexity of this infrastructure increases the potential risk of security breaches. Security breaches caused by computer hackers and foreign governments, may disable or damage the proper functioning of our systems. It is possible that our security controls, and/or those of the third parties with whom we partner, over personal and other confidential information may not prevent unauthorized access to, or destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of personally identifiable or other proprietary, confidential, sensitive or valuable information of ours or third parties, including our customers. Any such unauthorized access could lead to potential disclosure of regulated information. Any such disclosure or damage to our systems, or those of third parties with which we partner, could subject us to third party claims and reputational harm. In those instances, our ability to attract new clients may be impaired and/or we may be subject to damages and regulatory penalties and fines. In addition, system-wide or local failures of these information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 12 

Damage or disruption to our facilities, including our technology center, could impair our ability to effectively provide our services and may have a significant effect on our revenues, expenses and financial condition. 
 Our IT systems are an important part of our operations. We currently store customer data on a variety of servers, including servers hosted by Amazon Web Services and at our technology center located in San Ramon, California near known earthquake fault zones. Although we have redundant systems and offsite backup procedures in place, interruption in service, damage to or destruction of our technology center or a disruption of our data storage processes resulting from sustained process abnormalities, human error, acts of terrorism, violence, war or a natural disaster, such as fire, earthquake or flood, could result in delays, in reduced levels of customer service and have a material adverse effect on the markets in which we operate and on our business operations. 
 Although we currently maintain general property damage insurance, if we incur losses from uninsured events, we could incur significant expenses which would adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Catastrophic events, including global pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially adversely affect 
 our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 
 
 The occurrence of a major earthquake, fire, flood or other weather events, power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunctions, pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), cyber-attack, war, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event that our disaster recovery plans do not adequately address, could adversely affect our employees, our systems, our ability to produce and distribute our products, and our reputation. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a significant impact around the world, prompting governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures in response. Such measures have included travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and may continue to impact all or portions of our workforce and operations and the operations of our customers and suppliers. Although certain restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic have eased, uncertainty continues to exist regarding such measures and potential future measures. Current material shortages, logistics constraints and labor inefficiencies have limited and could continue to limit our ability to meet customer demand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly increased economic and customer demand uncertainty, has caused inflationary pressure in the U.S. and elsewhere and has led to volatility in customer demand for the Company s products and services and caused supply chain disruptions. Economic uncertainties could continue to affect customer demand for the Company s products and services and the financial condition and credit risk of our customers. 
 
 A catastrophic event resulting in the destruction or disruption of our workforce, our systems, our ability to produce and distribute our products, any of our data centers or our critical business or information technology systems could adversely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and our operating results or cash flows. The adverse effects of any such catastrophic event would be exacerbated if experienced at the same time as another unexpected and adverse event, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Added risks are associated with our international operations. 
 We have international operations in China, India, the United Kingdom, Canada, and United Arab Emirates. Approximately 11 of our revenues for 2022 were derived from our international operations, with approximately 3 derived from China. Our future revenues, costs of operations and net income could be adversely affected by a number of factors related to our international operations, including changes in economic conditions from country to country (resulting from pandemics such as the COVID-19 outbreak or otherwise), currency fluctuations, changes in a country s political condition, trade protection measures, licensing and other legal requirements and local tax issues. 
 Our business could suffer if we fail to attract, retain, and successfully integrate skilled personnel. 
 We believe that our ability to attract, retain, and successfully integrate qualified personnel is critical to our success. As we continue to place more emphasis on document management and storage technology, our need to hire and retain software and other technology-focused personnel has increased, and can be expected to continue to increase. Competition for such personnel, particularly in the San Francisco Bay Area, is intense. If we lose key personnel and/or are unable to recruit qualified personnel, our ability to manage and grow our business will be adversely affected. In addition, the loss of the services of one or more members of our senior management team would disrupt our business and impede our ability to successfully execute our business strategy. 
 
 13 

We may be exposed to employment-related claims and periodic litigation that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to a number of risks inherent to our status as an employer, including claims of misconduct or negligence on the part of our employees, claims by our employees and former employees of discrimination or harassment; claims relating to violations of wage, hour and other workplace regulations; and claims relating to employee benefits, entitlements to employee benefits, or errors in the calculation or administration of such benefits. 
 
 If we experience significant incidents in any of the above-described areas, we could face substantial out-of-pocket losses, or fines. In addition, such claims may give rise to litigation, which may be time consuming, distracting and costly, and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, and the costs of compliance, could materially adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our operations are subject to numerous laws and regulations governing environmental protection and occupational health and safety matters. Under these laws and regulations, we may be liable for, among other things, the cost of investigating and remediating contamination, regardless of fault or actions on our part. The amount of any such expense or related natural resource damages for which we may be held responsible could be substantial. We cannot predict the potential financial impact on our business if adverse environmental, health, or safety conditions are discovered, or environmental, health, and safety requirements become more stringent. If we are required to incur environmental, health, or safety compliance or remediation costs that are not currently anticipated and accrued by us, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected, depending on the magnitude of the cost. 
 
 Changes in tax laws and interpretations could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We are subject to income and other taxes in the U.S. and in numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our domestic and foreign tax provisions are dependent on the jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned and taxed. Additionally, the amount of tax provision is subject to our interpretation of applicable tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. A number of factors influence our effective tax rate, including changes in tax laws and treaties as well as the interpretation of existing laws and rules. Federal, state, and local governments and administrative bodies within the U.S., which represents a majority of our operations, and other foreign jurisdictions have implemented, or are considering, a variety of broad tax, trade, and other regulatory reforms that may impact us. 
 
 Results of tax examinations may adversely affect our future results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to various tax examinations on an ongoing basis. Adverse results of tax examinations for income, payroll, value added, sales-based and other taxes may require future material tax payments if we are unable to sustain our position with the relevant jurisdiction. Where appropriate, we have made accruals for these matters which are reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets and Statements of Operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Our debt instruments impose certain restrictions on our ability to operate which in turn could negatively affect our ability to respond to changing business and market conditions and therefore could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 66.5 million in outstanding short and long-term borrowings under our credit facilities, and finance leases, excluding trade payables and operating leases. The terms of the agreements under which this indebtedness was incurred may limit or restrict, among other things, our ability to incur certain additional debt, make certain restricted payments, consummate certain asset sales, and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. 
 We are also required to maintain a total leverage ratio and fixed charge coverage ratio under our credit agreement with U.S. Bank National Association, dated April 22, 2021, or the 2021 Credit Agreement. Our inability to meet these ratios could result in the acceleration of the repayment of the outstanding obligations under the 2021 Credit Agreement, the termination of the lenders commitment to provide our revolving line of credit thereunder, the increase in our effective cost of funds or the cross-default of other credit arrangements. As a result, our ability to operate may be restricted and our ability to respond to business and market conditions may be limited, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 14 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 The market prices of our common stock is volatile, and may be impacted by factors other than our financial performance, which could cause the value of an investment in our common stock to decline. 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Between January 1, 2022, and December 31, 2022, the closing price of our common stock fluctuated from a low of 2.16 to a high of 4.17 per share. 
 In the past, stockholders have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. Any similar litigation against us could result in substantial costs, divert management's attention as well as our other resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare dividends or repurchase shares of our common stock. 
 Our Board of Directors has declared quarterly dividends in the past. Our ability to continue to pay quarterly dividends and to repurchase shares of our common stock is subject to capital availability and periodic determinations by our Board of Directors that dividends and repurchases of shares of our common stock are in the best interests of our shareholders and in compliance with applicable laws. Our dividend payments and repurchases of shares of our common stock may change from time to time. Management currently intends to continue quarterly dividends, and repurchases of shares of our common stock, subject to approval by our Board of Directors, but we cannot provide any assurance as to the timing, sustainability, or any particular amounts of future dividends and repurchases of shares of our common stock. A suspension in our dividend payments or repurchases of shares of our common stock could have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would have a negative effect on returns on investment to our shareholders. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 At the end of 2022, we operated 144 service centers, of which 123 were in the United States, nine were in Canada, six were in China, three were in the United Kingdom, two were in India, and one was in United Arab Emirates. We also occupied a technology center in Kolkata, India, as well as other facilities, including our executive offices located in San Ramon, California. 
 In total, the Company occupied approximately 1.0 million square feet as of December 31, 2022. 
 We lease nearly all of our service centers, and each of our administrative facilities and our technology centers. In addition to the facilities that are owned, our fixed assets are comprised primarily of machinery and equipment, vehicles, and computer equipment. We believe that our facilities are adequate and appropriate for the purposes for which they are currently used in our operations and are well maintained. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are involved, and will continue to be involved, in legal proceedings arising out of the conduct of our business, including commercial and employment-related lawsuits. Some of these lawsuits purport or may be determined to be class actions and seek substantial damages, and some may remain unresolved for several years. We establish accruals for specific legal proceedings when it is considered probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Our evaluation of whether a loss is reasonably probable is based on our assessment and consultation with legal counsel regarding the ultimate outcome of the matter. As of December 31, 2022, we have accrued for the potential impact of loss contingencies that are probable and reasonably estimable. We do not currently believe that the ultimate resolution of any of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. However, the results of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, and an unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 15 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock, par value 0.001, is listed on the New York Stock Exchange or NYSE under the stock symbol ARC . 
 Holders 
 As of February 14, 2023, the approximate number of stockholders of record of our common stock was 133. Because many of the shares of our common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial owners represented by these stockholders of record. 
 Dividends 
 In December 2022, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.05 per share of common stock that is payable on February 28, 2023 to shareholders of record as of January 31, 2023. The timing, declaration and payment of future dividends, however, falls within the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon many factors, such as our financial condition and earnings, the capital requirements of our business, restrictions imposed by applicable law and our debt agreements and any other factors the Board of Directors deems relevant from time to time. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table presents information regarding repurchases of our common stock for the periods presented: 
 (In thousands, except for price per share) (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) (b) Average Price Paid per Share ) (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under The Plans or Programs (1) Period October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 6,968 November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 239 2.79 239 6,301 December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 30 2.99 30 6,211 Total repurchases during the fourth quarter of 2022 269 269 
 
 (1) The Company s stock repurchase program authorizes us to purchase up to 15.0 million of our outstanding common stock through March 31, 2023. In February 2023, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the expansion of the stock repurchase program to 20.0 million through March 31, 2026. Under the repurchase program, purchases of shares of common stock may be made from time to time in the open market, or in privately negotiated transactions, in compliance with applicable state and federal securities laws. The timing and amounts of any purchases will be based on market conditions and other factors including price, regulatory requirements, and capital availability. The stock repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares in any period, and may be expanded, extended, modified or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 

Item 6. [ Reserved] 

16 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Business Summary 
 ARC Document Solutions Inc. is a digital printing company. We provide digital printing and document-related services to customers in a growing variety of industries. Our primary services are: 
 digital printing of general and specialized business documents such as those found in marketing and advertising, engineering and construction and other industries, as well as producing highly-customized display graphics of all types and sizes; 
 acquiring, placing and managing ARC-certified office printing equipment with proprietary device tracking and print management software at our customers offices and job sites; 
 scanning documents, indexing them and adding digital search features for use in digital document management, document archives and facilities management, as well as providing other digital imaging services; and, 
 reselling digital printing equipment and supplies. 
 Each of these services frequently include additional logistics services in the form of distributing and delivering finished documents, installing display graphics, or the digital storage of graphic files. 
 For a more complete description of our business, and product and service offerings, see Part I, Item 1 - "Business" - of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Costs and Expenses 
 Our cost of sales consists primarily of materials (paper, toner and other consumables), labor, and indirect costs. Indirect costs consist primarily of equipment expenses related to our MPS locations (typically our customers offices and job sites) and our service centers. Facilities and equipment expenses include maintenance, repairs, rents, insurance, and depreciation. Paper is the largest component of our material cost; however, paper pricing typically does not significantly affect our operating margins as they are often passed on to our customers. We closely monitor material cost as a percentage of net sales to measure volume and waste, and we maintain low levels of inventory. We also track labor utilization, or net sales per employee, to measure productivity and determine staffing levels. 
 Historically, our capital expenditure requirements have varied based on our need for printing equipment in our MPS locations and service centers. Over the past several years, the pandemic has reduced the number of employees in our customers locations, which has, in turn, reduced the need for equipment. We believe this equipment trend is likely to become permanent and, as a result, we think our future capital needs will remain muted. 
 Because our relationships with credit providers allow us to obtain attractive lease rates, we chose to lease rather than purchase most of our equipment over the past two years. 
 Research and development costs consist mainly of the salaries, leased building space, and computer equipment related to our data storage and development centers in San Ramon, California and Kolkata, India. Such costs are primarily recorded to cost of sales. 

17 

COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continued to affect our financial performance during 2022, but was felt most strongly in the first quarter of the year. Business momentum from that point forward, however, increased throughout the remainder of the year, and we believe the reduced office presence of employees where we deliver our MPS services will be permanent. The products and services we provided throughout the year were related to COVID-19 health and safety initiatives. While we saw a dramatic decline in pandemic-related sales, we more than offset the decline by serving the normal needs of our customers. Our MPS business continued to remain under pressure throughout the year as most employers left work-from-home policies in place. We expect that a hybrid work arrangement will remain the norm for our customers in 2023, but for print volumes to increase marginally as some employers bring their employees back into the office at higher rates than we saw in 2022. We believe work-from-home practices benefit our scanning business as employees need access to documents, regardless of where they are working, and document scanning is the first step in making them accessible in the Cloud. 
 Uncertainty around the potential disruption to our business related to the COVID-19 pandemic and its effect on the U.S. economy and our clients ongoing business operations has largely been mitigated, but we remain watchful and prepared to alter our business operations to protect employees and customers. The following discussions are subject to the future effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our ongoing business operations. 
 Employee Safety 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant changes to our operating environment to help our employees around the world remain safe. As the pandemic has waned throughout 2022, many of our corporate, financial and administrative staff continue to work entirely or partially from home, while our service center staff continues to work in our facilities. Safety and health protocols for each service center have been based on government-issued local health and safety procedures. 
 We still maintain many of the changes we put in place in our service center production and other high-traffic areas to ensure sufficient distancing, installed clear barriers at our customer counters and other high-density areas, limited visitor entry where appropriate, and dramatically increased virtual meetings in place of face-to-face meetings. It is our intention to continue employing these general safety protocols for the near future. 
 Market Review 
 We believe the expanding list of industries we serve are generally growing and offer ongoing sales opportunities for our services. 
 Demand for digital printing appears high across our customer base, and includes environmental graphics, marketing and promotional work. We believe the incorporation of hybrid work schedules and return-to-office initiatives across the economy due to the pandemic continue to create opportunities for our MPS services and software, and that work-from-home and other remote document access requirements are spurring demand for scanning and digital imaging services. 
 We believe that the desire to communicate visually and especially in color is growing in all areas of commerce, in office environments, in educational venues, and in public spaces of all kinds. While office capacity has fluctuated with the progress of the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe there is minimal desire among our customers to completely abandon in office work. We believe employers want to make environments more inviting and engaging for the people who occupy them. 
 Construction activity has been remarkably robust over the past two years. While constrained by labor and supply chain issues, we think building activity for both new buildings and retrofitting older structures continues to be driven by property developers and owners who are intent on keeping their real estate assets compelling to tenants and prospective tenants. 
 Economic inflation in the U.S., Canada and abroad has materially affected our business over the past year, primarily in the form of higher labor and material costs. Price increases in materials continue to be passed on to our customers. Supply chain disruptions over the past year have been largely resolved, and we remain reasonably protected from them due to the wide variety of suppliers we have developed over our history. 

18 

Results of Operations 
 2022 Versus 2021 Year Ended December 31, Increase (decrease) (In millions, except percentages) 2022 (1) 
 2021 (1) 
 (1) 
 Digital Printing 174.8 166.7 8.1 4.8 MPS 75.8 72.4 3.3 4.6 Scanning and Digital Imaging 17.4 14.5 2.9 20.1 Total services sales 267.9 253.6 14.3 5.6 Equipment and Supplies sales 18.1 18.6 (0.5) (2.7) Total net sales 286.0 272.2 13.8 5.1 Gross profit 96.0 87.7 8.3 9.5 Selling, general and administrative expenses 77.5 72.3 5.2 7.2 Amortization of intangibles 0.1 0.2 (0.1) (51.3) Interest expense, net 1.8 2.1 (0.4) (16.3) Income tax provision 5.8 4.2 1.7 39.5 Net income attributable to ARC 11.1 9.1 2.0 21.3 Adjusted net income attributable to ARC (2) 
 12.0 9.5 2.5 26.4 Cash flows provided by operating activities 37.2 35.8 1.5 4.1 EBITDA (2) 
 39.1 40.0 (0.9) (2.2) Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 40.9 41.7 (0.8) (1.9) 
 (1) Column does not foot due to rounding. 
 (2) See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" following "Results of Operations" for definitions, reconciliations and more information related to our Non-GAAP disclosures. 
 
 The following table provides information on the percentages of certain items of selected financial data as a percentage of net sales for the periods indicated: 
 As Percentage of Net Sales Year Ended December 31, 2022 (1) 
 2021 (1) 
 Net Sales 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales 66.4 67.8 Gross profit 33.6 32.2 Selling, general and administrative expenses 27.1 26.6 Amortization of intangibles 0.1 Income from operations 6.4 5.6 Interest expense, net 0.6 0.8 Income before income tax provision 5.8 4.8 Income tax provision 2.0 1.5 Net income 3.8 3.2 Loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest 0.1 0.1 Net income attributable to ARC 3.9 3.4 EBITDA (2) 
 13.7 14.7 Adjusted EBITDA (2) 
 14.3 15.3 
 
 (1) Column does not foot due to rounding. 
 (2) See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" following "Results of Operations" for definitions, reconciliations and more information related to our Non-GAAP disclosures. 
 
 19 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales in 2022 increased 5.1 , compared to 2021. The increase in net sales was driven largely by our expansion in markets and industries we serve. This resulted in year-over-year quarterly net sales growth in the first three quarters of the year, offset by a slight decline in net sales in the fourth quarter largely caused by weak sales from our Chinese joint venture. 
 Digital Printing . Sales of Digital Printing services in 2022 increased by 8.1 million, or 4.8 , compared to 2021. The increase in sales of Digital Printing services was primarily due to demand in the retail, office, education, and construction verticals as the economic constraints of the pandemic waned throughout the year. Digital Printing services represented 61 of total net sales for both 2022 and 2021. 
 MPS . Sales of MPS services in 2022 increased by 3.3 million, or 4.6 , compared to 2021. The increase in annual MPS sales was driven by the increased return of employees in the U.S. and Canada to their offices in response to the lifting of restrictions by their employers, and thus increasing the volume of printing done in our customers offices. MPS engagements on construction job sites remained active throughout the year as construction activity continued to be robust. Additionally, contributing to the sales increase were price increases implemented in 2022. Revenues from MPS sales represented approximately 27 of total net sales for both 2022 and 2021. 
 The number of MPS locations has remained relatively flat year-over-year at approximately 10,720 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Scanning and Digital Imaging . Year-over-year sales of Scanning and Digital Imaging services increased by 2.9 million, or 20.1 , in 2022, compared to 2021. The increase in sales of our Scanning and Digital Imaging services was primarily attributable to demand from businesses interested in remote digital access to documents and removing paper documents from their premises. We continue to drive an expansion of our addressable market for Scanning and Digital Imaging services with increased marketing activity, as well as targeting building owners and facility managers that require on-demand access to their legacy documents to operate their assets efficiently. We believe that, with the expansion of the markets and industries we serve and the desire of our existing customers to have digital access to documents, our Scanning and Digital Imaging services will continue to grow in the future. 
 Equipment and Supplies . Equipment and Supplies sales decreased by 0.5 million, or 2.7 , in 2022, compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by the economic slowdown in China related to the COVID-19 pandemic, which decreased sales from UNIS Document Solutions Co. Ltd, or UDS, our Chinese joint venture. Equipment and Supplies sales derived from UDS, were 2.5 million in 2022, as compared to 3.9 million in 2021. Equipment and Supplies sales represented approximately 6 of total net sales for 2022 and approximately 7 for 2021. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit increased to 96.0 million in 2022, compared to 87.7 million in 2021. Gross margin increased to 33.6 in 2022, compared to 32.2 in 2021, in conjunction with a net sales increase of 13.8 million. Gross margin improvement was largely driven by additional sales and our efforts to drive more work through our service centers to leverage our infrastructure, cross-trained workforce, and production-grade equipment. The improved gross margins driven by our ability to better leverage our costs, were partially offset by an increase in labor and material costs resulting from current inflationary pressures. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 5.2 million, or 7.2 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to increased labor costs and salary adjustments to improve employee retention, as well as higher commissions, bonuses and travel resulting from increased sales and profitability. 
 Amortization of Intangibles 
 Amortization of intangibles of 0.1 million in 2022 decreased compared to 2021, primarily due to the completed amortization of certain customer relationships related to historical acquisitions. In the years following our inception, our business grew through acquisitions, but for more than a decade acquisitions have not been a focal point for growth. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Net interest expense totaled 1.8 million in 2022, compared to 2.1 million in 2021. The decrease in 2022 compared to 2021 was due to the continuing reduction of our overall debt. 
 20 

Income Taxes 
 We recorded an income tax provision of 5.8 million in relation to a pretax income of 16.6 million for 2022, which resulted in an effective income tax rate of 35.1 . In addition to recurring state and foreign taxes and certain nondeductible expenses, our effective income tax rate for 2022 was impacted by a change in valuation allowances against certain deferred tax assets and stock based compensation forfeitures. Excluding the impact of valuation allowances, stock based compensation forfeitures and other discrete items, our effective income tax rate for the consolidated company would have been 29.4 and our effective income tax rate attributable to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. would have been 29.1 . 
 We recorded an income tax provision of 4.2 million in relation to a pretax income of 13.0 million for 2021, which resulted in an effective income tax rate of 32.1 . In addition to recurring state and foreign taxes and certain nondeductible expenses, our effective income tax rate for 2021 was primarily impacted by a change in valuation allowances against certain deferred tax assets and stock-based compensation forfeitures. Excluding the impact of valuation allowances, stock based compensation forfeitures and other discrete items, our effective income tax rate for the consolidated company would have been 29.2 and our effective income attributable to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. would have been 28.7 . 
 Noncontrolling Interest 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest represents 35 of the income of our Chinese joint venture with UDS and its subsidiaries, which together comprise our Chinese joint-venture operations. 
 Net Income Attributable to ARC 
 Net income attributable to us was 11.1 million in 2022, as compared to 9.1 million in 2021. The increase in net income attributable to us in 2022 is driven by the increase in net sales and decrease in depreciation expense of 4.0 million, partially offset by the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses described above. As hybrid work schedules reduced office printing volumes, our need for printing equipment has significantly decreased and has reduced our depreciation expense. 
 EBITDA 
 EBITDA margin decreased slightly to 13.7 in 2022 from 14.7 in 2021. Excluding the effect of stock-based compensation adjusted EBITDA margin decreased slightly to 14.3 in 2022 from 15.3 in 2021. The decrease is largely attributable to higher labor and SG A costs as noted above. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Inflation has had a significant impact on our operations in 2022, but we believe inflationary pressures are largely behind us as we move into 2023. Price increases for raw materials, such as paper and fuel charges, typically have been, and we expect will continue to be, passed on to customers in the ordinary course of business, but we don't expect labor and related costs to decrease from 2022 levels. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 EBITDA and related ratios presented in this report are supplemental measures of our performance that are not required by or presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. These measures are not measurements of our financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to net income, net income margin, income from operations, or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP or as an alternative to cash flows from operating, investing or financing activities as a measure of our liquidity. 
 EBITDA represents net income before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. EBITDA margin is a non-GAAP measure calculated by dividing EBITDA by net sales. 
 We have presented EBITDA and related ratios because we consider them important supplemental measures of our performance and liquidity. We believe investors may also find these measures meaningful, given how our management makes use of them. The following is a discussion of our use of these measures. 
 We use EBITDA to measure and compare the performance of our operating divisions. Our operating divisions' financial performance includes all of the operating activities except debt and taxation which are managed at the corporate level for U.S. operating divisions. We use EBITDA to compare the performance of our divisions and to measure performance for determining consolidated-level compensation. In addition, we use EBITDA to evaluate potential acquisitions and potential capital expenditures. 
 21 

EBITDA and related ratios have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are as follows: 
 They do not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements for capital expenditures and contractual commitments; 
 They do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 They do not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary, to service interest or principal payments on our debt; 
 Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and 
 Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate these measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 Because of these limitations, EBITDA and related ratios should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to us to invest in business growth or to reduce our indebtedness. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using EBITDA and related ratios only as supplements. 
 Our presentation of adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA is an attempt to provide meaningful comparisons to our historical performance for our existing and future investors. The unprecedented changes in our end markets over the past several years have required us to take measures that are unique in our history and specific to individual circumstances. Comparisons inclusive of these actions make normal financial and other performance patterns difficult to discern under a strict GAAP presentation. Each non-GAAP presentation, however, is explained in detail in the reconciliation tables below. 
 Specifically, we have presented adjusted net income attributable to ARC and adjusted earnings per share attributable to ARC shareholders for 2022 and 2021 to reflect the exclusion of changes in the valuation allowances related to certain deferred tax assets and other discrete tax items. This presentation facilitates a meaningful comparison of our operating results for 2022 and 2021. We believe these changes were the result of items which are not indicative of our actual operating performance. 
 We have presented adjusted EBITDA for 2022 and 2021 to exclude stock-based compensation expense. The adjustment of EBITDA for this item is consistent with the definition of adjusted EBITDA in our Credit Agreement; therefore, we believe this information is useful to investors in assessing our financial performance. 
 The following is a reconciliation of cash flows provided by operating activities to EBITDA: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Cash flows provided by operating activities 37,227 35,775 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 1,128 3,331 Non-cash expenses (7,140) (5,708) Income tax provision 5,832 4,181 Interest expense, net 1,796 2,147 Loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest 304 301 EBITDA 39,147 40,027 

22 

The following is a reconciliation of net income attributable to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. shareholders to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Net income attributable to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. shareholders 11,094 9,143 Interest expense, net 1,796 2,147 Income tax provision 5,832 4,181 Depreciation and amortization 20,425 24,556 EBITDA 39,147 40,027 Stock-based compensation 1,773 1,686 Adjusted EBITDA 40,920 41,713 
 The following is a reconciliation of net income margin attributable to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. shareholders to EBITDA margin and adjusted EBITDA margin: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 (1) 
 2021 (1) 
 Net income margin attributable to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. shareholders 3.9 3.4 Interest expense, net 0.6 0.8 Income tax provision 2.0 1.5 Depreciation and amortization 7.1 9.0 EBITDA margin 13.7 14.7 Stock-based compensation 0.6 0.6 Adjusted EBITDA margin 14.3 15.3 
 (1) Column does not foot due to rounding. 
 The following is a reconciliation of net income attributable to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. shareholders to adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share attributable to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. shareholders: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 Net income attributable to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. shareholders 11,094 9,143 Deferred tax valuation allowance and other discrete tax items 905 352 Adjusted net income attributable to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. shareholders 11,999 9,495 Actual: Earnings per share attributable to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. shareholders: Basic 0.26 0.22 Diluted 0.26 0.21 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 42,214 42,164 Diluted 43,280 42,732 Adjusted: Earnings per share attributable to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. shareholders: Basic 0.28 0.23 Diluted 0.28 0.22 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 42,214 42,164 Diluted 43,280 42,732 
 
 23 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of cash have been cash flows from operations and borrowings under our debt and lease agreements. Our recent historical uses of cash have been for ongoing operations, payment of principal and interest on outstanding debt obligations, capital expenditures, dividends and stock repurchases. 
 We continually assess our capital allocation strategy, including decisions relating to dividends, repurchase shares of our common stock, capital expenditures, and debt pay-downs. In the beginning of 2020 we suspended dividends due to uncertainties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. In December 2020, we recommenced our dividend program and subsequently increased the quarterly dividend amount to 5 cents per share of our common stock. The timing, declaration and payment of future dividends, however, falls within the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition and earnings, the capital requirements of our business, restrictions imposed by applicable law and the terms of any of our debt agreements and any other factors the Board of Directors deems relevant from time to time. 
 In February 2023, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program that authorized us to purchase up to 20.0 million of our outstanding common stock through March 31, 2026. Purchases may be made from time to time in the open market at prevailing market prices or in privately negotiated transactions. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we repurchased 0.6 million shares of our common stock for a total purchase price of 1.7 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased 0.8 million shares of our common stock for a total purchase price of 1.9 million. 
 Total cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 was 52.6 million. Of this amount, 5.2 million was held in foreign countries, with 3.2 million held in China. Repatriation of some of our cash and cash equivalents in foreign countries could be subject to delay for local country approvals and could have potential adverse tax consequences. As a result of holding cash and cash equivalents outside of the U.S., our financial flexibility may be reduced. 
 Supplemental information pertaining to our historical sources and uses of cash is presented as follows and should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 37,227 35,775 Net cash used in investing activities (5,574) (3,189) Net cash used in financing activities (34,155) (32,022) 
 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operations are primarily driven by sales and the net profit generated from these sales, excluding non-cash charges. 
 The increase in cash flows from operations in 2022 was primarily due to an improvement in our collectibles which resulted in an improvement in the aging of our receivables, partially offset by a decrease in EBITDA. 
 Days sales outstanding, or DSO was 51 days as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. We are closely managing cash collections. 
 DSO is calculated by taking the respective years December 31 st , accounts receivable balance divided by the net sales during the fourth quarter of that year multiplied by the number of total days in a quarter. 
 We have presented DSO because we consider it an important metric as it is a valuable indicator of the efficiency of the business and quality of our cash flows. We believe investors may also find this metric meaningful given the importance of cash flows from operations and management's ability to efficiently manage our working capital. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was primarily related to capital expenditures. We incurred capital expenditures totaling 5.9 million and 3.6 million, in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The capital expenditure amount in 2022 is a normalized amount based on our current sales levels, as compared to 2021 that was purposely kept low as we came out of the COVID-19 pandemic. We have a concerted effort to reduce and closely manage our capital expenditures, as our need for printing equipment has significantly decreased over the past three years. 
 Because our relationships with credit providers allow us to obtain attractive lease rates, we usually choose to lease rather than purchase equipment unless there is a compelling reason to do otherwise. 
 24 

Financing Activities 
 Net cash of 34.2 million used in financing activities in 2022 primarily relates to payments on our 2021 Credit Agreement, finance leases, dividends, and repurchases of shares of our common stock. As noted above, our need for printing equipment has significantly decreased over the past several years, resulting in a decrease of 5.5 million in our finance lease liability as of December 31, 2022 compared to the balance in the prior year. This reduction in the finance lease liability will also drive a reduction in 2023 payments for financed leases. 
 Our cash position, working capital, and debt obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are shown below and should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Balance Sheets and notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. 
 
 December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 52,561 55,929 Working capital 34,906 37,082 Borrowings from revolving credit facility 40,000 46,250 Various finance leases 26,474 31,992 Total debt obligations 66,474 78,242 
 The decrease of 2.2 million in working capital in 2022 was primarily driven by the decrease in cash of 3.4 million and 0.7 million decrease in accounts receivable over 2021, partially offset by the 2.3 million decrease in the current portion of our finance lease liability. To manage our working capital, we chiefly focus on our DSO and monitor the aging of our accounts receivable, as receivables are the most significant element of our working capital. 
 We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents balance of 52.6 million, the availability under our 2021 Credit Agreement, the availability under our equipment lease lines, and cash flows provided by operations should be adequate to cover the next twelve months and beyond of working capital needs, debt requirements consisting of scheduled principal and interest payments, and planned capital expenditures, to the extent such items are known or are reasonably determinable based on current business and market conditions. See Debt Obligations section for further information related to our 2021 Credit Agreement. 
 A significant portion of our revenue across all of our product and services is generated from customers in the AEC/O industry. As a result, our operating results and financial condition can be significantly affected by economic factors that influence the AEC/O industry, including the disruptions in the capital markets, economic sanctions and economic slowdowns or recessions, rising inflation, public health crises (including the COVID-19 pandemic) and interest rates fluctuations. Additionally, a general economic downturn may adversely affect the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing for significant operations and purchases, and to perform their obligations under their agreements with us. We believe that credit constraints in the financial markets could result in a decrease in, or cancellation of, existing business, could limit new business, and could negatively affect our ability to collect our accounts receivable on a timely basis. 
 We have not been actively seeking growth through acquisition since 2009, and while we remain opportunistic with regard to opportunities, we don t intend to pursue them in the near future. 
 Debt Obligations 
 Credit Agreement 
 On April 22, 2021, we entered into the 2021 Credit Agreement. The 2021 Credit Agreement provides for the extension of revolving loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 70 million, or Revolving Loans, and replaces the Credit Agreement dated as of November 20, 2014, as amended, or the 2014 Credit Agreement. The 2021 Credit Agreement features terms similar to the 2014 Credit Agreement, including the ability to use excess cash of up to 15 million per year for restricted payments such as repurchase shares of our common stock and declare and pay dividends. The obligation under the 2021 Credit Agreement mature on April 22, 2026. 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement also includes certain tests we are required to meet in order to pay dividends, repurchase stock and make other restricted payments. In order to make such payments which are permitted subject to certain customary conditions set forth in the 2021 Credit Agreement, the amount of all such payments will be limited to 15 million during any twelve-month period. When calculating the fixed charge coverage ratio, we may exclude up to 10 million of such restricted payments that would otherwise constitute fixed charges in any twelve-month period. 
 25 

As of December 31, 2022, our borrowing availability under the Revolving Loan commitment was 27.8 million, after deducting outstanding letters of credit of 2.2 million and an outstanding Revolving Loan balance of 40.0 million. 
 Loans borrowed under the 2021 Credit Agreement bear interest, in the case of LIBOR loans, at a per annum rate equal to the applicable LIBOR (which rate shall not be less than zero), plus a margin ranging from 1.25 to 1.75 , based on our Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement). Loans borrowed under the 2021 Credit Agreement that are not LIBOR loans bear interest at a per annum rate (which rate shall not be less than zero) equal to (i) the greatest of (A) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 , (B) the one month LIBOR rate plus 1.00 per annum, and (C) the rate of interest announced, from time to time, by U.S. Bank National Association as its prime rate, plus (ii) a margin ranging from 0.25 to 0.75 , based on our Total Leverage Ratio. We pay certain recurring fees with respect to the 2021 Credit Agreement, including administration fees to the administrative agent. 
 The transition to non-LIBOR loan rates for us will occur in the first half of 2023, but we believe the transitions will not have a material impact on our interest expense. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, including, in certain circumstances, reinvestment rights, the loans extended under the 2021 Credit Agreement are subject to customary mandatory prepayment provisions with respect to: the net proceeds from certain asset sales; the net proceeds from certain issuances or incurrences of debt (other than debt permitted to be incurred under the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement); the net proceeds from certain issuances of equity securities; and net proceeds of certain insurance recoveries and condemnation events. 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, subject to limitations and exceptions, and customary covenants restricting the ability (subject to various exceptions) of us and our subsidiaries to: incur additional indebtedness (including guarantee obligations); incur liens; sell certain property or assets; engage in mergers or other fundamental changes; consummate acquisitions; make investments; pay dividends, other distributions or repurchase equity interest of us or our subsidiaries; change the nature of their business; prepay or amend certain indebtedness; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; amend our organizational documents; or enter into certain restrictive agreements. In addition, the 2021 Credit Agreement contains financial covenants which requires us to maintain (i) at all times, a Total Leverage Ratio in an amount not to exceed 2.75 to 1.00; and (ii) a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement), as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, an amount not less than 1.15 to 1.00. We were in compliance with our covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement contains customary events of default, including with respect to: nonpayment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts; failure to perform or observe covenants; material inaccuracy of a representation or warranty when made; cross-default to other material indebtedness; bankruptcy, insolvency and dissolution events; inability to pay debts; monetary judgment defaults; actual or asserted invalidity or impairment of any definitive loan documentation, repudiation of guaranties or subordination terms; certain ERISA related events; or a change of control. 
 The obligations of our subsidiary that is the borrower under the 2021 Credit Agreement are guaranteed by us and each of our other United States domestic subsidiaries. The 2021 Credit Agreement and any interest rate protection and other hedging arrangements provided by any lender party to the credit facility or any affiliate of such a lender are secured on a first priority basis by a perfected security interest in substantially all of our and each guarantor s assets (subject to certain exceptions). 
 Credit Agreement 
 
 The following table sets forth the outstanding balance, borrowing capacity and applicable interest rate under Credit Agreement. 
 December 31, 2022 Balance Available Borrowing Capacity Interest Rate (Dollars in thousands) Revolving Loans (1) 
 40,000 27,844 5.6 
 
 (1) Revolving Loan available borrowing capacity, net of 2.2 million of outstanding standby letters of credit as of December 31, 2022. 
 26 

Finance Leases 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 26.5 million of finance lease obligations outstanding, with a weighted average interest rate of 5.1 and maturities between 2023 and 2028. 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 Operating Leases. We lease machinery, equipment, and office and operational facilities under non-cancelable operating lease agreements. Certain lease agreements for our facilities generally contain renewal options and provide for annual increases in rent based on the local Consumer Price Index. Refer to Note 7, Leasing, for the schedule of our future minimum operating lease payments as of December 31, 2022. 
 Legal Proceedings . We are involved, and will continue to be involved, in legal proceedings arising out of the conduct of our business, including commercial and employment-related lawsuits. Some of these lawsuits purport or may be determined to be class actions and seek substantial damages, and some may remain unresolved for several years. We establish accruals for specific legal proceedings when it is considered probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. We evaluate whether a loss is reasonably probable based on our assessment and consultation with legal counsel regarding the ultimate outcome of the matter. As of December 31, 2022, we have accrued for the potential impact of loss contingencies that are probable and reasonably estimable. We do not currently believe that the ultimate resolution of any of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. However, the results of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, and an unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 Environmental Matters. We have accrued liabilities for environmental assessment and remediation matters relating to operations at certain locations conducted in the past by predecessor companies that do not relate to our current operations. We have accrued these liabilities because it is probable that a loss or cost will be incurred and the amount of loss or cost can be reasonably estimated. These estimates could change as a result of changes in planned remedial actions, remediation technologies, site conditions, the estimated time to complete remediation, environmental laws and regulations, and other factors. Because of the uncertainties associated with environmental assessment and remediation activities, our future expenses relating to these matters could be higher than the liabilities we have accrued. Based upon current information, we believe that the impact of the resolution of these matters would not be, individually or in the aggregate, material to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Our management prepares financial statements in conformity with GAAP. When we prepare these consolidated financial statements, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to accounts receivable, inventories, deferred tax assets, goodwill and intangible assets, long-lived assets and leases. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management's judgments and estimates. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 In accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other , we assess goodwill for impairment annually as of September 30, and more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. At September 30, 2022, the Company performed its annual assessment and determined that goodwill was not impaired. 
 Goodwill impairment testing is performed at the reporting unit level. Goodwill is assigned to reporting units at the date the goodwill is initially recorded. Once goodwill has been assigned to reporting units, it no longer retains its association with a particular acquisition, and all of the activities within a reporting unit, whether acquired or internally generated, are available to support the value of the goodwill. 
 
 In 2017, we elected to early-adopt ASU 2017-04 which simplifies subsequent goodwill measurement by eliminating step two from the goodwill impairment test. 
 
 27 

We determine the fair value of our reporting units using an income approach. Under the income approach, we determined fair value based on estimated discounted future cash flows of each reporting unit. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including revenue growth rates and EBITDA margins, discount rates and future market conditions, among others. The level of judgement and estimation is inherently higher in the current environment considering the uncertainty created by the COVID-19 pandemic. We have evaluated numerous factors disrupting our business and made significant assumptions which include the severity and duration of our business disruption, the timing and degree of economic recovery and ultimately, the combined effect of these assumptions on our future operating results and cash flows. 
 The results of the latest annual goodwill impairment test, as of September 30, 2022, were as follows: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Number of Reporting Units Representing Goodwill of No goodwill balance 6 Fair value of reporting units exceeds their carrying values by more than 35 1 121,051 7 121,051 
 Based upon a sensitivity analysis, a reduction of approximately 50 basis points of projected EBITDA in 2022 and beyond, assuming all other assumptions remain constant, would result in no further impairment of goodwill. 
 Based upon a separate sensitivity analysis, a 50 basis point increase to the weighted average cost of capital would result in no further impairment of goodwill. 
 Given the uncertainty regarding the ultimate financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the proceeding economic recovery, and the changing document and printing needs of our customers and the uncertainties regarding the effect on our business, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of our goodwill impairment testing in 2022 will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. If our assumptions, including forecasted EBITDA of certain reporting units, are not achieved, or our assumptions change regarding disruptions caused by the pandemic, and the impact on the recovery from COVID-19 change, then we may be required to record goodwill impairment charges in future periods, whether in connection with our next annual impairment testing in the third quarter of 2023, or on an interim basis, if any such change constitutes a triggering event (as defined under ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other outside of the quarter when we regularly perform our annual goodwill impairment test. It is not possible at this time to determine if any such future impairment charge would result or, if it does, whether such charge would be material. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration that we are expected to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. We applied practical expedients related to unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less and (ii) contracts for which the Company recognizes revenue at the amount to which it has the right to invoice for services performed. 
 Digital Printing consists of professional services and software services to (i) reproduce and distribute large-format and small-format documents in either black and white or color, or Ordered Prints and (ii) specialized graphic color printing. Substantially, all the Company s revenue from Digital Printing comes from professional services to reproduce Ordered Prints. Sales of Ordered Prints are initiated through a customer order or quote and are governed by established terms and conditions agreed upon at the onset of the customer relationship. Revenue is recognized when the performance obligation under the terms of a contract with a customer are satisfied; generally, this occurs with the transfer of control of the re-produced Ordered Prints. Transfer of control occurs at a specific point-in-time, when the Ordered Prints are delivered to the customer s site or handed to the customer for walk in orders. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods or providing services. Taxes collected concurrent with revenue-producing activities are excluded from revenue. 
 MPS consists of placement, management, and optimization of print and imaging equipment in the customers' offices, job sites, and other facilities. MPS relieves the Company s customers of the burden of purchasing print equipment and related supplies and maintaining print devices and print networks, and shifts their costs to a per-use basis. MPS is supported by our hosted proprietary technology, Abacus , which allows our customers to capture, control, manage, print, and account for their documents. Under its MPS contracts, the Company is paid a fixed rate per unit for each print produced (per-use), often referred to as a click charge . MPS sales are driven by the ongoing print needs of the Company s customers at their facilities. Upon the issuance of ASC 842, Leases, the Company concluded that certain of its MPS arrangements, which had previously been 
 28 

accounted for as service revenue under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, are accounted for as operating leases under ASC 842. The pattern of revenue recognition for the Company's MPS revenue has remained substantially unchanged following the adoption of ASC 842. See Note 7, Leasing, for additional information. 
 Scanning and digital imaging combines software and professional services to facilitate the capture, management, access and retrieval of documents and information that have been produced in the past. Scanning and digital imaging may include our hosted SKYSITE software and facilities solution to organize, search and retrieve documents, as well as the provision of services that include the capture and conversion of hardcopy and electronic documents into digital files, or Scanned Documents, and their cloud-based storage and maintenance. Sales of scanning and digital imaging services, which represent substantially all revenue for this business line, are initiated through a customer order or proposal and are governed by established terms and conditions agreed upon at the onset of the customer relationship. Revenue is recognized when the performance obligation under the terms of a contract with a customer are satisfied; generally, this occurs with the transfer of control of the digital files. Transfer of control occurs at a specific point-in-time, when the Scanned Documents are delivered to the customer either through SKYSITE, our facilities solution or through other electronic media. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods or providing services. Taxes collected concurrent with revenue-producing activities are excluded from revenue. 
 
 Equipment and Supplies sales consist of reselling printing, imaging, and related equipment, or Goods, to customers primarily in architectural, engineering and construction firms. Sales of Equipment and Supplies are initiated through a customer order and are governed by established terms and conditions agreed upon at the onset of the customer relationship. Revenue is recognized when the performance obligations under the terms of a contract with a customer are satisfied; generally, this occurs with the transfer of control of the Goods. Transfer of control occurs at a specific point-in-time, when the Goods are delivered to the customer s site. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods or providing services. Taxes collected concurrent with revenue-producing activities are excluded from revenue. We have experienced minimal customer returns or refunds and does not offer a warranty on equipment that it is reselling. 
 
 Leases 
 We recognize lease assets and corresponding lease liabilities for all operating and finance leases on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, excluding short-term leases (leases with terms of 12 months or less) as described under ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842 ). Some of our long-term operating lease agreements include options to extend, which are also factored into the recognition of their respective assets and liabilities when appropriate based on management s assessment of the probability that the options will be exercised. Lease payments are discounted using the rate implicit in the lease, or, if not readily determinable, a third-party secured incremental borrowing rate based on information available at lease commencement. Additionally, certain of our lease agreements include escalating rents over the lease terms which, under Topic 842, results in rent being expensed on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease that commences on the date we have the right to control the property. Finance leases were not impacted by the adoption of ASC 842, as finance lease liabilities and the corresponding ROU assets were already recorded in the balance sheet under the previous guidance, ASC 840. For additional information about the impact of the adoption of ASC 842, see Note 7, Leasing . 
 Income Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect temporary differences between the amount of assets and liabilities for financial and tax reporting purposes. Such amounts are adjusted, as appropriate, to reflect changes in tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences reverse. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Changes in tax laws or accounting standards and methods may affect recorded deferred taxes in future periods. 
 
 When establishing a valuation allowance, we consider future sources of taxable income such as future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards and tax planning strategies. A tax planning strategy is an action that: is prudent and feasible; an enterprise ordinarily might not take but would take to prevent an operating loss or tax credit carryforward from expiring unused; and would result in realization of deferred tax assets. In the event we determine that its deferred tax assets, more likely than not, will not be realized in the future, the valuation adjustment to the deferred tax assets will be charged to earnings in the period in which we make such a determination. We have a 2.7 million valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 In future quarters we will continue to evaluate our historical results for the preceding twelve quarters and our future projections to determine whether we will generate sufficient taxable income to utilize our deferred tax assets, and whether a valuation allowance is required. 
 29 

We calculate our current and deferred tax provision based on estimates and assumptions that could differ from the actual results reflected in income tax returns filed in subsequent years. Adjustments based on filed returns are recorded when identified. 
 
 Income taxes have not been provided on certain undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries because such earnings are considered to be permanently reinvested. 
 The amount of taxable income or loss we report to the various tax jurisdictions is subject to ongoing audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. We estimate of the potential outcome of any uncertain tax issue is subject to management s assessment of relevant risks, facts, and circumstances existing at that time. We use a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We record a liability for the difference between the benefit recognized and measured and tax position taken or expected to be taken on its tax return. To the extent that our assessment of such tax positions changes, the change in estimate is recorded in the period in which the determination is made. We report tax-related interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure on recently adopted accounting pronouncements and those not yet adopted. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Our financial statements and the accompanying notes that are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed under Part IV, Item 15 - "Financial Statements Schedules and Reports and are set forth beginning on page F-1 immediately following the signature pages of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 30 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15(d)-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and President and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes to internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 31 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Certain information regarding our executive officers is included below. All other information regarding directors, executive officers and corporate governance required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the applicable information in the proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or 2023 Annual Meeting, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after our fiscal year end of December 31, 2022, and is set forth under Nominees for Director, Corporate Governance Profile, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports and in other applicable sections in the proxy statement. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following sets forth certain information regarding all of our executive officers as of February 22, 2023: 
 
 Name Age Position Kumarakulasingam Suriyakumar 69 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Director Jorge Avalos 47 Chief Financial Officer Rahul K. Roy 63 Chief Technology Officer Dilantha Wijesuriya 61 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Kumarakulasingam Suri Suriyakumar co-founded the Company in 1989 and has served as ARC Document Solution s Chief Executive Officer since June 1, 2007. He served as the Company s Chief Operating Officer from 1991 until his appointment as Chief Executive. He also served as President from 1991 until June of 2022. On July 24, 2008, Mr. Suriyakumar was appointed Chairman of ARC s Board of Directors. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Suriyakumar was employed with Aitken Spence Co. LTD, a highly diversified conglomerate and one of the five largest corporations in Sri Lanka. 
 
 Jorge Avalos was appointed Chief Financial Officer of ARC Document Solutions in January of 2015. From 2011 to his appointment as CFO, Mr. Avalos was Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President Finance of ARC. Mr. Avalos joined the Company in June 2006 as the Company s Director of Finance and became the Company s Corporate Controller in December 2006, and Vice President, Corporate Controller in December of 2010. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Avalos was employed with Vendare Media Group, an online network and social media company, as its controller. From September 1998 through March 2005, Mr. Avalos was employed in a variety of audit and management roles with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 Rahul K. Roy joined ARC Document Solutions as its Chief Technology Officer in September 2000. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Roy was the founder, President and Chief Executive Officer of MirrorPlus Technologies, Inc., which developed software for the reprographics industry, from August 1993 until it was acquired by the Company in 1999. Mr. Roy also served as the Chief Operating Officer of InPrint, a provider of printing, software, duplication, packaging, assembly, and distribution services to technology companies, from 1993 until it was acquired by the Company in 1999. 
 Dilantha Dilo Wijesuriya joined Ford Graphics, a former division of ARC Document Solutions, in January 1991. He subsequently became president of that division in 2001, and became a Company regional operations head in 2004, a position he retained until his appointment as the Company s Senior Vice President, National Operations in August 2008. Mr. Wijesuriya was appointed Chief Operating Officer in 2011 and made President in June of 2022. Prior to his employment with the Company, Mr. Wijesuriya was a divisional manager with Aitken Spence Co. LTD, a highly diversified conglomerate and one of the five largest corporations in Sri Lanka. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the applicable information in the proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting and is set forth under Executive Compensation. 
 The information in the section of the proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting captioned Compensation Committee Report is incorporated by reference herein but shall be deemed furnished, not filed and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing we make under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act. 
 32 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the applicable information in the proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting and is set forth under Beneficial Ownership of Voting Securities and Equity Compensation Plan Information. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the applicable information in the proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting and is set forth under Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Corporate Governance Profile. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting and is set forth under Auditor Fees. 
 
 33 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Armanino LLP (PCAOB ID: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All other schedules have been omitted as the required information is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 See Item 15(b) below. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

34 

Index to Exhibits 
 Number Description 3.1 Certificate of Ownership and Merger as filed with Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed December 27, 2012). 
 
 3.2 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, filed March 13, 2013 . 
 3.3 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2009). 
 
 4.1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 1, 2010, among ARC Document Solutions, certain subsidiaries of ARC Document Solutions as guarantors thereto, and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, as representative of the several initial purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2010) . 
 4.2 Description of Registered Securities. 
 10.1 ARC Document Solutions 2005 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 A (Reg. No. 333-119788), as amended on January 13, 2005). 
 10.2 Amendment No. 1 to ARC Document Solutions 2005 Stock Plan dated May 22, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2007). 
 
 10.3 Amendment No. 2 to ARC Document Solutions 2005 Stock Plan dated May 2, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed August 8, 2008). 
 10.4 Amendment No. 3 to ARC Document Solutions 2005 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed August 7, 2009). 
 
 10.5 Forms of Stock Option Agreements under the 2005 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-119788), as filed on October 15, 2004). 
 10.6 Forms of Restricted Stock Award Agreements under 2005 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 A (Reg. No. 333-119788), as amended on December 6, 2004). 
 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2005 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 A (Reg. No. 333-119788), as amended on December 6, 2004). 
 10.8 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Agreement under 2005 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 A (Reg. No. 333-119788), as amended on January 13, 2005). 
 10.9 Form of ARC Document Solutions Stock Option Grant Notice - Non-employee Directors (Discretionary Non-statutory Stock Options) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2005). 
 
 35 

10.10 Form of ARC Document Solutions Non-employee Directors Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement (Discretionary Grants) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2005). 
 10.11 Amended and Restated ARC Document Solutions 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan amended and restated as of July 30, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2009). 
 10.12 Lease Agreement, for the premises commonly known as 934 and 940 Venice Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, dated November 19, 1997, by and between American Reprographics Company, L.L.C. (formerly Ford Graphics Group, L.L.C.) and Sumo Holdings LA, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-119788), as filed on October 15, 2004). 
 10.13 Amendment to Lease for the premises commonly known as 934 and 940 Venice Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA, effective as of August 2, 2005, by and between Sumo Holdings LA, LLC, Landlord and American Reprographics Company, L.L.C. (formerly known as Ford Graphics Group, L.L.C.) Tenant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2005 
 10.14 Lease Agreement for the premises commonly known as 345 Clinton Street, Costa Mesa, CA, dated September 23, 2003, by and between American Reprographics Company (dba Consolidated Reprographics) and Sumo Holdings Costa Mesa, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-119788), as filed on October 15, 2004). 
 10.15 Lease Agreement for the premises commonly known as 616 Monterey Pass Road, Monterey Park, CA, by and dated November 19, 1997, between Dieterich-Post Company and American Reprographics Company, L.L.C. (as successor lessee) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2007). 
 10.16 Indemnification Agreement, dated April 10, 2000, among American Reprographics Company, L.L.C., American Reprographics Holdings, L.L.C., ARC Acquisition Co., L.L.C., Mr. Chandramohan, Mr. Suriyakumar, Micro Device, Inc., Dieterich-Post Company, ZS Ford L.P., and ZS Ford L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-119788), as filed on October 15, 2004). 
 10.17 Form of Indemnification Agreement between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and each of its Directors and Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Registrant's Form 10-K filed on March 13, 2013). 
 10.18 Letter Amendment, dated March 13, 2014, by and between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Mr. Suriyakumar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Registrant's Form 10-K filed on March 14, 2014). 
 10.19 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 13, 2014, between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Mr. Kumarakulasingam (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Registrant's Form 10-K filed on March 14, 2014). 
 10.20 Executive Employment Agreement, dated May 1, 2014, by and between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Rahul K. Roy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2014). 
 10.21 Executive Employment Agreement, dated May 1, 2014, by and between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Dilantha Wijesuriya (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2014). 
 
 36 

10.22 Executive Employment Agreement, dated May 1, 2014, by and between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Jorge Avalos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2014). 
 10.23 ARC Document Solutions, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2014). 
 10.24 Amendment No. 1 to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2014). 
 10.25 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement dated May 17, 2014 by and between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Mr. Suriyakumar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2014). 
 10.26 Credit Agreement dated November 20, 2014, among ARC Document Solutions, LLC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on November 24, 2014). 
 10.27 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated February 1, 2015, by and between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Jorge Avalos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2015). 
 10.28 Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated June 4, 2015, among ARC Document Solutions, LLC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and the financial institutions party thereto as lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2015). 
 10.29 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated June 9, 2015, between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Jorge Avalos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2015). 
 10.30 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated June 9, 2015, between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Rahul K. Roy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2015). 
 10.31 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated June 9, 2015, between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Dilantha Wijesuriya (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2015). 
 10.32 Amendment Letter, dated as of February 5, 2016, by and among ARC Document Solutions, LLC, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2016). 
 10.33 Amendment dated May 9, 2016 to Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated June 9, 2015, between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Rahul K. Roy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2016). 
 10.34 Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated June 24, 2016, among ARC Documents Solutions, LLC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2016). 
 
 37 

10.35 Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated July 14, 2017, among ARC Document Solutions, LLC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the financial institutions party thereto as lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on July 18, 2017). 
 10.36 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated February 22, 2018 between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Kumarakulasingam Suriyakumar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K files on February 23, 2018). 
 10.37 Amendment to the ARC Document Solutions, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan, dated May 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2018). 
 10.38 Amendment No 1 to the Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated February 13, 2019, between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Jorge Avalos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 6, 2019). 
 10.39 Amendment No 1 to the Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated February 13, 2019, between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Dilantha Wijesuriya (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 6, 2019). 
 10.40 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated December 17, 2019, among ARC Document Solutions, LLC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the financial institutions party thereto as lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2019). 
 10.41 Amendment No. 3 to the Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated February 13, 2020, between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Jorge Avalos. 
 10.42 Forms of Stock Option Agreement under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 10.43 Forms of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 10.44 Amended and Restated ARC Document Solutions 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, amended and restated as of April 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s Proxy Statement filed on April 2, 2020). 
 10.45 Credit Agreement, dated April 22, 2021, among ARC Document Solutions, LLC, U.S. Bank National Association, as administrative agent and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2021). 
 10.46 ARC Document Solutions, Inc. 2021 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 31, 2021) 
 10.47 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2021 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2021). 
 10.48 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2021 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2021). 
 10.49 Amendment No. 4 to the Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated June 29, 2022, between ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Jorge Avalos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2022). 
 
 38 

21.1 List of Subsidiaries. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 Filed herewith Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or agreement 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 39 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ARC DOCUMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. By: /s/ KUMARAKULASINGAM SURIYAKUMAR Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: February 23, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ KUMARAKULASINGAM SURIYAKUMAR 
 Kumarakulasingam Suriyakumar 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 23, 2023 /s/ JORGE AVALOS 
 Jorge Avalos 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) February 23, 2023 /s/ TRACEY LUTTRELL 
 Tracey Luttrell 
 Director, Corporate Counsel and Corporate Secretary February 23, 2023 /s/ BRADFORD L. BROOKS Bradford L. Brooks 
 Director February 23, 2023 /s/ CHERYL COOK 
 Cheryl Cook 
 Director February 23, 2023 /s/ MARK W. MEALY 
 Mark W. Mealy 
 Director February 23, 2023 

40 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 
 F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and 
 Stockholders of ARC Document Solutions, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ARC Document Solutions, Inc. and Subsidiaries (collectively the "Company" or ARC as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We have also audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 F-2 

Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition Refer to Note 2 to the Financial Statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company recognizes revenue in a manner that best depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to the customer, when control of the product or service is transferred to a customer. The Company s critical contracts with customers include Digital Printing, Equipment and Supplies agreements, and certain MPS agreements. Certain MPS agreements within the Company s MPS revenue stream are accounted for as operating leases. The revenue streams of the Company result in a high volume of transactions. The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our principal audit procedures related to the Company's revenue recognition for these customer agreements included the following: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of internal controls related to the transfer of goods or services and consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. 
 We selected a sample of customer agreements and performed the following procedures: 
 Obtained and read contract source documents for each selection, including master agreements, and other documents that were part of the agreement to identify significant terms of the contracts and performance obligations. 
 Assessed the terms in the customer agreement and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies, in the determination of revenue recognition conclusions. 
 Verified proper transfer of control and recognition of revenue for each selection. 
 We tested the mathematical accuracy of management's calculations of revenue and the associated timing of recognizing the related revenue subject to any constraints in the financial statements. 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020. 

February 23, 2023 
 F-3 

ARC DOCUMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances for accounts receivable of and 
 Inventory Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 Right-of-use assets from operating leases Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued payroll and payroll-related expenses Accrued expenses Current operating lease liabilities Current portion of finance leases Total current liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term debt and finance leases Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) Shareholders equity: ARC Document Solutions, Inc. shareholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and and shares outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Less cost of common stock in treasury, and shares 
 Total ARC Document Solutions, Inc. shareholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

ARC DOCUMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Service sales Equipment and Supplies sales Total net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Amortization of intangible assets Income from operations Other income, net ) ) Interest expense, net Income before income tax provision Income tax provision Net income Loss attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. shareholders Earnings per share attributable to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. shareholders: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-5 

ARC DOCUMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to ARC Document Solutions, Inc. shareholders 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-6 

ARC DOCUMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

ARC Document Solutions, Inc. Shareholders Common Stock Accumulated Shares Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Common Stock in Treasury Noncontrolling Interest Total Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Stock options exercised Treasury shares ) ) Cash dividends - common stock per share) 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Stock options exercised Treasury shares ) ) Cash dividends - common stock per share) 
 ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

ARC DOCUMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Allowance for accounts receivable Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of deferred financing costs Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes Deferred tax valuation allowance Other non-cash items, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory Prepaid expenses and other assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) Other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from stock option exercises Proceeds from issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Share repurchases ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) Payments on long-term debt agreements and finance leases ) ) Borrowings under revolving credit facilities Payments under revolving credit facilities ) ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation on cash balances ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Income taxes paid, net Noncash financing activities: Finance lease obligations incurred Operating lease obligations incurred Declared unpaid dividends 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

ARC DOCUMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share data or where otherwise noted) 

1. 

2. 
 million and million of the Company s cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant risk on cash and cash equivalents. 
 F-9 

of net sales during 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company has geographic concentration risk as sales in California, as a percent of total sales, were approximately and for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company contracts with various suppliers. Although there are a limited number of suppliers that could supply the Company s inventory, management believes any shortfalls from existing suppliers could be absorbed by its existing suppliers or from other suppliers on comparable terms. However, a change in suppliers could cause a delay in sales and adversely affect results. 
 Purchases from the Company s three largest vendors during 2022 and 2021 comprised approximately of the Company s total purchases of inventory and supplies. 

) Year ended December 31, 2021 Allowance for accounts receivable ) 
 (1) Deductions represent uncollectible accounts written-off net of recoveries. 

million and million valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 In future quarters the Company will continue to evaluate its historical results for the preceding twelve quarters and its future projections to determine whether the Company will generate sufficient taxable income to utilize its deferred tax assets, and whether a valuation allowance is required. 
 F-10 

- years 
 Leasehold improvements - years or lease term, if shorter 
 Machinery and equipment - years 
 Furniture and fixtures - years 
 
 Assets acquired under capital lease arrangements are included in machinery and equipment, are recorded at the present value of the minimum lease payments, and are depreciated using the straight-line method over the life of the asset or term of the lease, whichever is shorter. Expenses for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred, while renewals and betterments are capitalized. Gains or losses on the sale or disposal of property and equipment are reflected in operating income. 
 . The Company s machinery and equipment (see Note 4, Property and Equipment, Net includes million and million of capitalized software development costs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, net of accumulated amortization of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation expense includes the amortization of capitalized software development costs which amounted to million and million, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-11 

The Company had long-lived asset impairments in 2022 or 2021. 
 (weighted average) years. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million in unamortized deferred financing costs. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are carried at cost and approximate fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity of these instruments. 
 The carrying amount reported in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 for borrowings under its Credit Agreement is million. The Company has determined that borrowings under its Credit Agreement of million as of December 31, 2022 approximates its fair value. 
 F-12 

thousand per individual. The accrued liabilities associated with this program are based on the Company s estimate of the ultimate costs to settle known claims, as well as claims incurred but not yet reported to the Company, as of the balance sheet date. The Company s estimated liability is not discounted and is based upon an actuarial report obtained from a third party. The actuarial report uses information provided by the Company s insurance brokers and insurers, combined with the Company s judgments regarding a number of assumptions and factors, including the frequency and severity of claims, claims development history, case jurisdiction, applicable legislation, and the Company s claims settlement practices. 
 MPS Scanning and Digital Imaging Total services sales Equipment and Supplies Sales Total net sales 
 
 F-13 

Included in revenues are fees charged to customers for shipping, handling, and delivery services. Such revenues amounted to million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Revenues from hosted software licensing activities are recognized ratably over the term of the license. Revenues from software licensing activities comprise less than of the Company s consolidated revenues during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-14 

Property and equipment, net 
 million and million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Shipping and handling costs incurred by the Company are included in cost of sales. 

Total stock-based compensation for 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively, and was recorded in selling, general, and administrative expenses, consistent with the classification of the underlying salaries. In accordance with ASC 718, Income Taxes , any excess tax benefit resulting from stock-based compensation, in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, are classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity. 
 The weighted average fair value at the grant date for options issued in 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. 
 Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 
 Using historical exercise data as a basis, the Company determined that the expected term for stock options issued in 2022 and 2021, was years. 
 For fiscal years 2022 and 2021, expected stock price volatility is based on the Company s historical volatility for a period equal to the expected term. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant with an equivalent remaining term . The Company accounts for forfeitures of share-based awards when they occur. 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to nonvested stock-based compensation was approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 F-15 

In total, research and development amounted to million and million, during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Noncontrolling interest, which represents the noncontrolling interest in UDS, is reflected on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. In May of 2022, the Company completed an million capital distribution from its Chinese JV. As the Company is owner, million came to the Company's US operations, and or million went to the JV partner, thus resulting in a million decrease in the Company's consolidated cash and noncontrolling interest balance sheet accounts. 
 
 There were million and million common shares excluded from the calculation of diluted net income attributable to ARC per common share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s common share equivalents consist of stock options issued under the Company s Stock Plan. 
 Effect of dilutive stock awards Weighted average common shares outstanding during the period diluted 

F-16 

3. 
 impaired. 
 Goodwill impairment testing is performed at the reporting unit level. Goodwill is assigned to reporting units at the date the goodwill is initially recorded. Once goodwill has been assigned to reporting units, it no longer retains its association with a particular acquisition, and all of the activities within a reporting unit, whether acquired or internally generated, are available to support the value of the goodwill. 
 
 In 2017 the Company elected to early-adopt ASU 2017-04, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment , which simplifies subsequent goodwill measurement by eliminating step two from the goodwill impairment test. 
 Given the uncertainty regarding the ultimate financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the ensuing economic recovery, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the Company's goodwill impairment analysis in 2022 will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. If the Company s assumptions, including forecasted EBITDA of certain reporting units, are not achieved, or its assumptions regarding disruptions caused by the pandemic, and its impact on the recovery from COVID-19 change, then the Company may be required to record goodwill impairment charges in future periods, whether in connection with the Company s next annual impairment testing in the third quarter of 2023, or on an interim basis, if any such change constitutes a triggering event (as defined under ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other outside of the quarter when the Company regularly performs its annual goodwill impairment test. It is not possible at this time to determine if any such future impairment charge would result or, if it does, whether such charge would be material. 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 
 
 Long-lived and Other Intangible Assets 
 The Company periodically assesses potential impairments of its long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of ASC 360, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets . An impairment review is performed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. The Company groups its assets at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of the other assets and liabilities. The Company has determined that the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are available is the regional level, which is the operating segment level. 
 Factors considered by the Company include, but are not limited to, significant underperformance relative to historical or projected operating results; significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy for the overall business; and significant negative industry or economic trends. When the carrying value of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators of impairment, the Company estimates the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows and eventual disposition is less than the carrying amount of the asset, the Company recognizes an impairment loss. An impairment loss is reflected as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset, based on the fair value if available, or discounted cash flows, if fair value is not available. The Company assessed potential impairments of its long lived assets as of September 30, 2022 and concluded that there was impairment. 
 F-17 

Trade names and trademarks 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 4. 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Less accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

5. 
 and interest rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Various finance leases; weighted average interest rate of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; principal and interest payable monthly through March 2028 
 Less current portion ) ) 
 Credit Agreement 
 On April 22, 2021, the Company entered into the 2021 Credit Agreement with U.S. Bank National Association, as 
 F-18 

million and replaces the Credit Agreement dated as of November 20, 2014, as amended (the "2014 Credit Agreement"). The 2021 Credit Agreement features terms similar to the 2014 Credit Agreement, including the ability to use excess cash of up to million per year for restricted payments such as share repurchases and dividends. The obligation under the 2021 Credit Agreement matures on April 22, 2026. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company's borrowing availability of Revolving Loans under the Revolving Loan commitment was million, after deducting outstanding letters of credit of million and outstanding Revolving Loans of million. 
 Loans borrowed under the 2021 Credit Agreement bear interest, in the case of LIBOR loans, at a per annum rate equal to the applicable LIBOR (which rate shall not be less than zero), plus a margin ranging from to , based on the Company s Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement). Loans borrowed under the 2021 Credit Agreement that are not LIBOR loans bear interest at a per annum rate (which rate shall not be less than zero) equal to (i) the greatest of (A) the Federal Funds Rate plus (B) the one month LIBOR plus per annum, and (C) the rate of interest announced, from time to time, by U.S. Bank National Association as its prime rate, plus (ii) a margin ranging from to , based on the Company s Total Leverage Ratio. As of December 31, 2022, LIBOR loans borrowed under the 2021 Credit Agreement accrued interest at . 
 The Company pays certain recurring fees with respect to the 2021 Credit Agreement, including administration fees to the administrative agent. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, including, in certain circumstances, reinvestment rights, the loans extended under the Credit Agreement are subject to customary mandatory prepayment provisions with respect to: the net proceeds from certain asset sales; the net proceeds from certain issuances or incurrences of debt (other than debt permitted to be incurred under the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement); the net proceeds from certain issuances of equity securities; and net proceeds of certain insurance recoveries and condemnation events of the Company. 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, subject to limitations and exceptions, and customary covenants restricting the ability (subject to various exceptions) of the Company and its subsidiaries to: incur additional indebtedness (including guarantee obligations); incur liens; sell certain property or assets; engage in mergers or other fundamental changes; consummate acquisitions; make investments; make certain distributions or repurchase equity interest of the Company or its subsidiaries; change the nature of their business; prepay or amend certain indebtedness; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; amend their organizational documents; or enter into certain restrictive agreements. In addition, the 2021 Credit Agreement contains financial covenants which requires the Company to maintain (i) at all times, a Total Leverage Ratio in an amount not to exceed to 1.00; and (ii) a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement), as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, an amount not less than to 1.00. We were in compliance with our covenants during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement also modified certain tests the Company is required to meet in order to pay dividends, repurchase stock and make other restricted payments. In order to make such payments which are permitted subject to certain customary conditions set forth in the 2021 Credit Agreement, the amount of all such payments will be limited to million during any period. When calculating the fixed charge coverage ratio, the Company may exclude up to million of such restricted payments that would otherwise constitute fixed charges in any period. 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement allows for payment of dividends. In December 2022, the Company's Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share of common stock that is payable on February 28, 2023 to shareholders of record as of January 31, 2023. Accordingly, the Company recorded a dividend payable of million within accrued expenses as of December 31, 2022. 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement contains customary events of default, including with respect to: nonpayment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts; failure to perform or observe covenants; material inaccuracy of a representation or warranty when made; cross-default to other material indebtedness; bankruptcy, insolvency and dissolution events; inability to pay debts; monetary judgment defaults; actual or asserted invalidity or impairment of any definitive loan documentation, repudiation of guaranties or subordination terms; certain ERISA related events; or a change of control. 
 The obligations of the Company s subsidiary that is the borrower under the 2021 Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and each of the Company's other United States subsidiaries. The 2021 Credit Agreement and any interest rate protection and other hedging arrangements provided by any lender party to the credit facility or any affiliate of such a lender are secured on a first priority basis by a perfected security interest in substantially all of the borrower s, the Company s and each guarantor s assets (subject to certain exceptions). 
 F-19 

6. 
 
 7. 
 
 , with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from one to . 
 F-20 

Finance lease assets Property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating Current portion of operating lease liabilities Finance Current portion of long-term finance leases Long-term Operating Long-term portion of operating lease liabilities Finance Long-term portion of finance leases Total lease liabilities 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Total operating lease cost (1)(2) 
 Finance lease cost Amortization of leased assets Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expenses Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense, net Total finance lease cost Total lease cost 
 (1) Includes variable lease costs and short-term lease costs of and , respectively for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Includes variable lease costs and short-term lease costs of and , respectively for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 F-21 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Less amount representing interest Present value of lease liability 
 (1) Reflects payments for non-cancelable operating leases with initial terms of one year or more as of December 31, 2022. The table above does not include any legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced, and such leases are not material in the aggregate. 
 (2) The Company leased several of its facilities under lease agreements with entities owned by certain of its current and former executive officers which expire through December 2023. The rental payments on these facilities amounted to million during 2022. In the table above, annual rental payments of million for related parties are included in 2023. 
 (3) The table above does not include any legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced, and such leases are not material in the aggregate. 
 Maturity of lease liabilities (as of December 31, 2021) 
 Operating Leases (1) (2) 
 Finance Leases (3) 
 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total Less amount representing interest Present value of lease liability 
 (1) Reflects payments for non-cancelable operating leases with initial terms of one year or more as of December 31, 2021. The table above does not include any legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced, and such leases are not material in the aggregate. 
 (2) The Company leased several of its facilities under lease agreements with entities owned by certain of its current and former executive officers which expire through December 2023. The rental payments on these facilities amounted to million during 2021. In the table above, annual rental payments of million for related parties are included in 2022 through 2023. 
 (3) The table above does not include any legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced, and such leases are not material in the aggregate. 
 
 F-22 

Finance leases Weighted average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 Other information Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 MPS revenue includes million of rental income and million of service income for the year ended December 31, 2022. MPS revenue includes million of rental income and million of service income for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company's property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation, includes approximately million and million of equipment subject to leases with customers under the Company's MPS arrangements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Following termination of an MPS arrangement, the Company will place existing equipment at an alternate customer site pursuant to an MPS arrangement, at one of the Company's service centers, or dispose of the equipment. 
 
 F-23 

8. 
 State Foreign Deferred: Federal State Foreign ) Income tax provision 
 The Company's foreign earnings (loss) before taxes were million and ) million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company s US earnings before taxes were million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Social security tax deferral Accrued vacation Accrued bonuses Deferred revenue, net Fixed assets Right of use operating lease liabilities Goodwill and other identifiable intangibles Stock-based compensation Federal tax net operating loss carryforward State tax net operating loss carryforward, net Foreign tax net operating loss carryforward Tax credits, net Gross deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Goodwill ) ) Right of use assets ) ) Net deferred tax assets 

F-24 

State taxes, net of federal benefit Foreign taxes Valuation allowance Section 162(m) limitation Stock based compensation Discrete items for federal, state and foreign taxes Effective income tax rate 
 
 In accordance with ASC 740-10, Income Taxes , the Company evaluates the need for deferred tax asset valuation allowances based on a more likely than not standard. The ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on the ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods provided for in the tax law for each applicable tax jurisdiction. The Company considers the following possible sources of taxable income when assessing the realization of deferred tax assets: 
 Future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences; 
 Future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards; 
 Taxable income in prior carryback years; and 
 Tax-planning strategies. 
 The assessment regarding whether a valuation allowance is required or should be adjusted also considers all available positive and negative evidence factors, including but not limited to: 
 Nature, frequency, and severity of recent losses; 
 Duration of statutory carryforward periods; 
 Historical experience with tax attributes expiring unused; and 
 Near- and medium-term financial outlook. 
 The Company utilizes a rolling three years of actual and current year anticipated results as the primary measure of cumulative income/losses in recent years, as adjusted for permanent differences. The evaluation of deferred tax assets requires judgment in assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company's financial statements or tax returns and future profitability. The Company's accounting for deferred tax consequences represents its best estimate of those future events. Changes in the Company's current estimates, due to unanticipated events or otherwise, could have a material effect on its financial condition and results of operations. The Company has a million valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 Based on the Company s current assessment, the remaining net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 are considered more likely than not to be realized. The valuation allowance of million may be increased or reduced as conditions change or if the Company is unable to implement certain available tax planning strategies. The realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets ultimately depends on future taxable income, reversals of existing taxable temporary differences or through a loss carry back. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of consolidated federal, million of state and million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards available to offset future taxable income, respectively. Certain federal net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in varying amounts between 2032 and 2037. Certain state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in varying amounts between 2023 and 2042. The foreign net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in varying amounts beginning in 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of foreign and million of certain state tax credit carryforwards which will begin to expire in varying amounts in 2023 and 2024. 
 F-25 

unrecognized tax benefits as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company includes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. The Company does not anticipate any significant changes to unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest or penalties were required to be recognized related to unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 9. 
 shares of common stock, or (ii) a number of shares of common stock having an aggregate fair market value of thousand as determined on the date of purchase at of the fair market value of such shares of common stock on the applicable purchase date. The compensation expense in connection with the ESPP in 2022 and 2021, was thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 
 Average price per share 
 Stock Plan 
 On April 29, 2021, the Company's shareholders approved the Company's 2021 Incentive Plan, replacing the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, which is the only equity incentive plan under which the Company can currently grant equity incentive awards. The 2021 Incentive Plan provides for the grant of incentive and non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock bonuses and other forms of awards granted or denominated in the Company's common stock or units of the Company's common stock, as well as cash bonus awards, to employees, directors and consultants of the Company. The Company's Stock Plan authorizes the Company to issue up to million shares plus such additional number of shares of common stock (up to shares) as is equal to the number of shares of common stock subject to awards granted under the 2014 Incentive Plan and the Company's 2005 Stock Plan, which awards expire, terminate or are otherwise surrendered, cancelled, forfeited or repurchased by the Company pursuant to a contractual repurchase right. At December 31, 2022, million shares remain available for issuance under the Stock Plan. 
 Stock options granted under the Company's Stock Plan generally expire no later than from the date of grant. Options generally vest and become fully exercisable over a period of three to from date of award, except that options granted to non-employee directors may vest over a shorter time period. The exercise price of options must be equal to at least of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The Company allows for cashless exercises of vested outstanding options. 
 During 2022 and 2021, the Company granted options to acquire a total of million shares and million shares, respectively, of the Company's common stock to certain key employees with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The granted stock options vest annually over three to from the grant date and expire years after the date of grant. 
 F-26 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Canceled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Canceled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested or expected to vest at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the closing stock price on December 31, 2022 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all the option holders exercised their options on December 31, 2022. This amount changes based on the fair market value of the common stock. Total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/Canceled ) Non-vested at December 31, 2022 

Restricted Stock 
 In 2022, the Company granted million shares of restricted stock awards to certain key employees with a deemed issuance price per share equal to the closing price of the Company's common stock on the date the restricted stock was granted. These restricted stock awards vest annually over from the grant date. In addition, the Company granted approximately thousand shares of restricted stock awards to each of the Company's non-employee members of its board of directors with a deemed issuance price per share equal to the closing price of the Company's common stock on the date the restricted stock was granted. These restricted stock vests on the anniversary of the grant date. 
 F-27 

million shares of restricted stock awards to certain key employees with a deemed issuance price per share equal to the closing price of the Company's common stock on the date the restricted stock was granted. These restricted stock awards vest annually over from the grant date. In addition, the Company granted approximately thousand shares of restricted stock awards to each of the Company's non-employee members of its board of directors with a deemed issuance price per share equal to the closing price of the Company's common stock on the date the restricted stock was granted. These restricted stock vests on the anniversary of the grant date. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/Canceled Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 The total fair value of restricted stock awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 10. 
 of their annual eligible compensation (or in the case of highly compensated employees, up to of their annual eligible compensation), subject to contribution limitations imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company matches of an employee s contributions, up to a total of of that employee s compensation. An independent third party administers the Company s 401(k) Plan. The Company's total expense under these plans amounted to million annually during fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 

11. 
 
 F-28 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 exhibit42-descriptionofreg.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 The common stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock of ARC Document Solutions, Inc. (the Company , we , us , and our is registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following description sets forth certain general terms and provisions of our Common Stock. These description are in all respects subject to and qualified in their entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with the applicable provisions of, our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter and our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, and by applicable law. We encourage you to read our Charter, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL for additional information. 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 150,000,000 shares of Common Stock, and 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share Preferred Stock ). 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 The holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The holders of our Common Stock do not have any cumulative voting rights. Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends declared by our board of directors Board out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to any preferential dividend rights of any outstanding Preferred Stock. Our Common Stock has no preemptive rights, conversion rights or other subscription rights or redemption rights. 
 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all debts and other liabilities and any liquidation preference of any outstanding Preferred Stock. Each outstanding share of Common Stock is duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Our Board will have the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 25,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting, or the designation of, such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of Common Stock. The issuance of our Preferred Stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of Common Stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon our liquidation. In addition, the issuance of Preferred Stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company or other corporate action. 

No shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding as of the date of our Annual Report on Form 10-K with which this exhibit is filed as an exhibit. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and Provisions of our Charter and our Bylaws 
 
 Certain provisions of the DGCL and of our Charter and our Bylaws could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing another party from acquiring control of us and encouraging persons considering unsolicited tender offers or other unilateral takeover proposals to negotiate with our board of directors rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts. These provisions include the items described below. 
 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 
 
 Section 203 of the DGCL is applicable to us. Section 203 of the DGCL restricts some types of transactions and business combinations between a corporation and a 15 stockholder. A 15 stockholder is generally considered by Section 203 to be a person owning 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock. Section 203 refers to a 15 stockholder as an interested stockholder. Section 203 restricts these transactions for a period of three years from the date the stockholder acquires 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. With some exceptions, unless the transaction is approved by the board of directors and the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation, Section 203 prohibits significant business transactions such as 
 
 a merger with, disposition of significant assets to or receipt of disproportionate financial benefits by the interested stockholder, and 
 
 any other transaction that would increase the interested stockholder s proportionate ownership of any class or series of our capital stock. 
 
 The shares held by the interested stockholder are not counted as outstanding when calculating the two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock needed for approval. 
 
 The prohibition against these transactions does not apply if 
 
 prior to the time that any stockholder became an interested stockholder, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction in which such stockholder acquired 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, or 
 
 the interested stockholder owns at least 85 of our outstanding voting stock as a result of a transaction in which such stockholder acquired 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. Shares held by persons who are both directors and officers or by some types of employee stock plans are not counted as outstanding when making this calculation. 
 
 No Written Consent of Stockholders 

Our Charter provides that all stockholder actions are required to be taken by a vote of the stockholders at an annual or special meeting, and that stockholders may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting. This limit may lengthen the amount of time required to take stockholder actions and would prevent the amendment of our bylaws or removal of directors by our stockholders without holding a meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 
 Our Charter provides that special meetings of the stockholders for any purpose or purposes, unless required by law, may only be called our board of directors (the Board ), the chairman of the board, if any, the chief executive officer or the president. This limitation on the ability to call a special meeting could make it more difficult for stockholders to initiate actions that are opposed by the Board. These actions could include the removal of an incumbent director or the election of a stockholder nominee as a director. They could also include the implementation of a rule requiring stockholder ratification of specific defensive strategies that have been adopted by the board with respect to unsolicited takeover bids. In addition, the limited ability to call a special meeting of stockholders may make it more difficult to change the existing Board and management. 
 
 Board Vacancies 
 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock, our Charter authorizes the Board to fill vacancies, including newly created directorships, unless the Board determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by the stockholders. Our Charter also provides that directors may be removed by stockholders only by affirmative vote of holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of voting stock. 
 
 Advance Notice Requirements 
 
 Our Bylaws establish advance notice procedures with regard to stockholder proposals relating to the nomination of candidates for election as directors or new business to be brought before meetings of our stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of stockholder proposals must be timely given in writing to our corporate secretary prior to the meeting at which the action is to be taken. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the annual meeting for the preceding year. Our Bylaws specify the requirements as to form and content of all stockholders notices. These requirements may preclude stockholders from bringing matters before the stockholders at an annual or special meeting. 
 
 Amendment to our Charter and Bylaws 
 
 Any amendment of our Charter must first be approved by a majority of our Board, and if required by law or our Charter, must thereafter be approved by a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment and a majority of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class, except that the amendment of the provisions relating to stockholder action, board composition, limitation of liability and the amendment of our Bylaws and Charter must be approved by not less than two thirds (2 3) of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment. 

Our Bylaws may be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, subject to any limitations set forth in the Bylaws and may also be amended by the affirmative vote of at least two thirds (2 3) of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment. 
 
 Undesignated Preferred Stock 
 
 Our Charter provides for 25,000,000 authorized shares of Preferred Stock. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of convertible Preferred Stock may enable our Board to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. For example, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, our board of directors were to determine that a takeover proposal is not in the best interests of our stockholders, our Board could cause shares of convertible Preferred Stock to be issued without stockholder approval in one or more private offerings or other transactions that might dilute the voting or other rights of the proposed acquirer or insurgent stockholder or stockholder group. In this regard, our Charter grants our Board broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized and unissued shares of convertible Preferred Stock. The issuance of shares of convertible Preferred Stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of Common Stock. The issuance may also adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of these holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of us. 
 
 Stock Exchange Listing 
 
 Our Common Stock is listed on New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol ARC. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. The transfer agent and registrar s address is 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, and its telephone number is 1-877-830-4932. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 arc-12312022xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF ARC DOCUMENT SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 
 Name of Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Formation 
 Doing Business As 
 American Reprographics Company, L.L.C. 
 California 
 ARC 
 ARC Document Solutions India Pvt. Ltd. 
 India 
 ARC UK Technologies Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 ARC Acquisition Corporation 
 California 
 ARC Digital Canada Corp. 
 British Columbia 
 ARC 
 ARC Reprographics Canada Corp. 
 British Columbia 
 Henan UNIS Waytron Document Technology Co., Ltd 
 People's Republic of China 
 Licensing Services International, LLC 
 California 
 Reprografia Digital de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Reprographics Fort Worth, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 SkySite Technologies, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 ARC Document Solutions, LLC 
 Texas 
 ARC 
 ARC - Southern 
 ARC Document Solutions 
 ARC Imaging Resources 
 ARC Technology Solutions 
 ARC Facilities 
 Planwell 
 Ridgway's MD, LLC a k a Ridgway s, LLC 
 Riot Creative Imaging 
 The Pier Group 
 Shenzhen Unis - Printing Document Solutions Co., Ltd 
 People's Republic of China 
 UNIS Document Solutions Co., Ltd. 
 People's Republic of China 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 arc-12312022xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Kumarakulasingam Suriyakumar, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ARC Document Solutions, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

s KUMARAKULASINGAM SURIYAKUMAR Kumarakulasingam Suriyakumar Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 arc-12312022xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jorge Avalos, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ARC Document Solutions, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

s JORGE AVALOS Jorge Avalos Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 arc-12312022xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of ARC Document Solutions, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kumarakulasingam Suriyakumar, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s KUMARAKULASINGAM SURIYAKUMAR Kumarakulasingam Suriyakumar Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 arc-12312022xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of ARC Document Solutions, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jorge Avalos, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s JORGE AVALOS Jorge Avalos Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 arc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 arc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 arc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 arc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 arc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

