<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230313_10-K_edgar_data_1858685_0001493152-23-007472.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8774108</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>426371</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1515839</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2617482</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1881656</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2119956</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007472.hdr.sgml : 20230313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230313172517
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007472
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Biofrontera Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001858685
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				473765675
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40943
		FILM NUMBER:		23728289

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 PRESIDENTIAL WAY,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 330
		CITY:			WOBURN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-245-1325

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 PRESIDENTIAL WAY,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 330
		CITY:			WOBURN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01801

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007472.txt : 20230313

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _________TO__________ 

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class: 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered: 

The
 Stock Market LLC 
 
 Preferred
 Stock Purchase Rights 

The
 Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of
the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of
the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million, based on the closing price of the registrant s
common stock. 

As
of March 13, 2023, there were shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I. 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 44 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 44 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 
 PART
 II. 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 46 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations 
 46 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 59 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 60 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 60 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 60 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 60 
 
 PART III. 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 61 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 64 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 72 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transaction, and Director Independence 
 73 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 76 
 
 PART IV. 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 77 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 79 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 80 

2 

BASIS
OF PRESENTATION 

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), unless the context otherwise requires, references to we, us, our, 
the Company, Biofrontera and similar references refer to Biofrontera Inc. which includes its wholly owned
subsidiary Bio-Fri GmbH Bio-FRI or subsidiary ). References in this Form 10-K to the Biofrontera
Group refer to Biofrontera AG and its consolidated subsidiaries, Biofrontera Pharma GmbH (individually, Biofrontera
Pharma ), Biofrontera Bioscience GmbH (individually Biofrontera Bioscience ), Biofrontera Neuroscience GmbH,
and Biofrontera Development GmbH. References in this Form 10-K to Ferrer refer to Ferrer Internacional S.A. References
in this Form 10-K to Biofrontera s Licensors refer collectively to Biofrontera Pharma, Biofrontera Bioscience
and Ferrer. References in this Form 10-K to Ameluz Licensor refer collectively to Biofrontera Pharma and Biofrontera
Bioscience. References in this Form 10-K to Maruho refer to Maruho Co., Ltd. References in this Form 10-K to
 Cutanea refer to Cutanea Life Sciences, Inc., which was acquired by Biofrontera in 2019 Cutanea acquisition ). 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated
financial statements and the related notes, which appear elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This Form 10-K, including the section titled Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, may contain predictive or forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts,
in this annual report, including statements regarding our strategy, future operations, regulatory process, future financial position,
future revenue, projected costs, prospects, plans, objectives of management and expected market growth, are forward-looking statements.
The words believe , anticipate , intend , expect , target , goal ,
 estimate , plan , assume , may , will , predict , project ,
 would , could and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all
forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. 

You
should read this Form 10-K and the documents that we have filed as exhibits completely and with the understanding that our actual future
results may be materially different from what we expect. While we have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations
and projections about future events, we may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in or implied by our
forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us and accordingly, actual results or events could differ materially from the
plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in or implied by the forward-looking statements we make. Factors that could cause such differences
include, but are not limited to: 

our
 ability to achieve and sustain profitability; 

our
 ability to compete effectively in selling our licensed products; 

changes
 in our relationship with our Licensors; 

our
 Licensors ability to manufacture our licensed products; 

our
 ability to expand, manage and maintain our direct sales and marketing organizations, including our ability to obtain the financing
 to develop our marketing strategy, if needed; 

our
 actual financial results may vary significantly from forecasts and from period to period; 

our
 estimates regarding anticipated operating losses, future revenues, capital requirements and our needs for additional financing; 

market
 risks regarding consolidation in the healthcare industry; 

the
 willingness of healthcare providers to purchase our licensed products if coverage, reimbursement and pricing from third-party payors
 for our products or procedures using our products significantly declines; 

our
 Licensors ability to adequately protect their intellectual property and operate their business without infringing upon the
 intellectual property rights of others; 

our
 ability to market, commercialize, achieve market acceptance for and sell our licensed products; 

the
 fact that product quality issues or product defects may harm our business; 

any
 product liability claims; 

our ability to regain compliance with Nasdaq continued
listing standards; 

our
 ability to comply with the requirements of being a public company; 

the
 progress, timing and completion of our Licensors research, development and preclinical studies and clinical trials for our
 licensed products and our Licensors ability to obtain the regulatory approvals necessary for the marketing of our licensed
 products in the United States; 

any impact of extraordinary events, including those resulting from the
sunsetting of the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency PHE on May 11, 2023; and 

those
 risks listed in the sections of this Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Our
forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments
that we may make. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as required by law. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and
we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise
after the date of this Form 10-K, except as required by applicable law. Investors should evaluate any statements made
by us in light of these important factors. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

We
are a U.S.-based biopharmaceutical company commercializing a portfolio of pharmaceutical products for the treatment of dermatological
conditions with a focus on photodynamic therapy PDT and topical antibiotics. The Company s licensed products are used for the
treatment of actinic keratoses, which are pre-cancerous skin lesions, as well as impetigo, a bacterial skin infection. 

Biofrontera Inc. includes its wholly owned subsidiary Bio-FRI GmbH, a limited liability company organized under the
laws of Germany. Our subsidiary, Bio-FRI was formed on February 9, 2022, as a German presence to facilitate our relationship with the
Ameluz Licensor. 

Company
Overview 

We
were formed in March 2015 as Biofrontera Inc., a Delaware corporation, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Biofrontera AG, a stock
corporation organized under the laws of Germany. On November 2, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering and subsequently we ceased to be deemed a company controlled by Biofrontera AG. As of December
31, 2022, Biofrontera AG held 30 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. With our national commercial team, we generate
revenue by selling our licensed products directly to dermatology offices and groups. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, the company had 81 employees all of which were full-time employees and approximately 57 are
focused on marketing and sales activities. Our commercial team covers the continental United States, and our headquarters is in Woburn,
MA. 

Significant
customers 

We
have a wide and diverse customer base with no single customer dominating our revenues. At December 31, 2022, no customer represented
more than 10 of the net accounts receivable balance. For the year ended December 31, 2022, no customer represented more than 10 
of net revenues. 

Our
Strategy 

Our
principal objective is to improve patient outcomes by increasing the sales of our licensed products. The key elements of our strategy
include the following: 

expand
 our sales in the United States of Ameluz in combination with the BF-RhodoLED lamp series for the
 treatment of minimally to moderately thick actinic keratoses of the face and scalp and positioning Ameluz to be standard
 of care in the United States by growing our dedicated sales and marketing infrastructure in the United States; 

4 

expand
 sales of Xepi for treatment of impetigo by improving the market positioning of the licensed product; 

leverage
 the potential for future approvals and label extensions of our licensed portfolio products
 that are in the pipeline for the U.S. market through our license and supply agreements with
 the Licensors; and 

opportunistically add complementary products or services to our portfolio by acquiring or licensing IP to further leverage our
 commercial infrastructure and customer relationships. 

By
executing these four strategic objectives, we will fuel company growth, deepen our trusted relationships in the dermatology community,
and above all, help patients live healthier, more fulfilling lives. 

Ameluz 
 and RhodoLED Lamp Series 

Our
principal licensed product is Ameluz , which is a prescription drug approved for use in combination with the RhodoLED 
 lamp series, for PDT (when used together, Ameluz PDT ). In the United States, the PDT treatment is
used for the lesion-directed and field-directed treatment of actinic keratoses AK of mild-to-moderate severity on the
face and scalp. AKs are premalignant lesions of the skin that can potentially develop into skin cancer (squamous cell carcinoma) if left
untreated. 1 International treatment guidelines list photodynamic therapy as the gold standard for treating AK,
especially multiple AKs and the surrounding photodamaged skin. 2 We are currently selling Ameluz for this indication
in the U.S. under an exclusive license and supply agreement Ameluz LSA between Biofrontera, Inc. and the Ameluz Licensors. 

AKs
are superficial potentially pre-cancerous skin lesions caused by chronic sun exposure that may, if left untreated, develop into a form
of potentially life-threatening skin cancer called squamous cell carcinoma. Actinic keratoses typically appear on sun-exposed areas,
such as the face, bald scalp, arms or the back of the hands, and are often elevated, flaky, and rough in texture, and appear on the skin
as hyperpigmented spots. AKs are typically treated with cryotherapy, topicals, or PDT and these treatments can be used in combination. 

In
general, photodynamic therapy is a two-step process: 

the
 first step is the application of a drug known as a photosensitizer, or a pre-cursor of this type of drug, which tends
 to accumulate in cancerous cells; and 

the
 second step is activation of the photosensitizer by controlled exposure to a selective light source in the presence of oxygen. 

During
this process, energy from the light activates the photosensitizer. In photodynamic therapy, the activated photosensitizer transfers
energy to oxygen molecules found in cells, converting the oxygen into a highly reactive oxygen species ROS ), which
destroys or alters the sensitized cells. Photodynamic therapy can be a highly selective treatment that targets specific cells while
minimizing damage to normal surrounding tissues. It also can allow for multiple courses of therapy. Hence the mode of action of
photodynamic therapy requires destruction of the altered cells, temporary local skin reactions and inflammation of the treated area
might be expected. The Ameluz PDT therapy is highly effective with patients experiencing up to 91 clearance after
one or two treatments 3 with limited or no scaring. The therapy also may provide protection from potentially fatal
progress of mild or invisible AKs. 4 

Market
and competitive landscape 

AK currently affects approximately 58 million Americans
which lead to roughly 13 million treatments annually. 5 Cryotherapy is the traditional and most common form of treatment but
may not be as effective and may leave scarring; cryotherapy is estimated to be approximately 86 of the market. Topicals, medications
which patients apply to the lesion multiple times per day for up to several weeks, constitutes approximately 12 of the market. PDT is
approximately 2 of the market. The total market size is estimated to be roughly 4 billion for the three therapy types. Our primary
competitor in the PDT space is Levulan and the associated light, Blu-U . 

Our goal is to continue
expansion in the current PDT market share and focus on converting cryotherapy treatments of more than 14 lesions as a field therapy such
as Ameluz PDT could be more effective. This targeted market is about 11 or 440 million of the total AK market. 6
 Ameluz PDT is competitive in the market. We are leveraging medical affairs, advisory boards, and key opinion
leaders in order to educate the market on the use and benefits of Ameluz PDT. 

1
 Fuchs Marmur, Dermatol Surg. 2007 Sep; 33(9):1099-101 

2
 Werner RN, Stockfleth E, Connolly SM, et al. Evidence- and consensus-based (S3) Guidelines for the Treatment of Actinic Keratosis
- International League of Dermatological Societies in cooperation with the European Dermatology Forum - Short version. J Eur Acad Dermatol
Venereol. 2015;29(11):2069-2079. doi:10.1111/jdv.13180 

3 
For full prescribing information for Ameluz, please see https://bit.ly/AmeluzPI 

4 
Reinhold et al. 2016 Br. J. Derm. DOI 10.1111/bjd. 14498 

5
 www.skincancer.org/skin-cancer-information/actinic-keratosis 

6 
Market data accessible from CMS and IQVIA, 2020 

5 

Sales, marketing and distribution 

We are currently selling our portfolio of licensed
products in the United States through the use of our own commercial organization. We have a single sales force who markets all our licensed
products across the dermatology space. We launched the commercialization of Ameluz in combination with the RhodoLED 
 lamp for the treatment of actinic keratosis in the United States in October 2016. Ameluz PDT is an in-office procedure.
Ameluz is distributed as a buy-and-bill drug that is purchased by the dermatologist, rather than distribution
through pharmacies. Our customers will purchase our device and Ameluz which will be held in inventory. When a dermatologist
uses our product in a treatment, a payor will be billed, and the provider will be paid for both the product and light treatment. There
are well established PDT CPT Codes. Ameluz PDT is covered by code number 96574 which has an average reimbursement of
 286.00 per light treatment and has to be performed by a qualified healthcare professional. Public
information regarding CPT reimbursement is available at https://www.cms.gov/medicare/physician-fee-schedule/search?Y=0 T=4 HT=0 CT=3 H1=96574 M=5. 

 Our licensors research and development
programs 

We are a sales organization with focus on commercializing our portfolio of licensed products that are already FDA-approved.
Research and development efforts for label extensions in order to optimize the market positioning of the products are the responsibility
of the respective licensor and are governed by the respective LSAs. 

Under
the Ameluz LSA, we hold the exclusive license to sell Ameluz and the RhodoLED lamp series comprising
the RhodoLED and the new, more advanced RhodoLED XL (when available) in the United States for all indications
currently approved by the FDA as well as all future FDA-approved indications identified under the Ameluz LSA. 

A
summary of our understanding of the Licensor s clinical trials is below: 

Clinical
 Phase 

Product

Indication

Pre-clinical 
 
 I 
 
 II 
 
 III 
 
 Status

Ameluz 
 
 Superficial
 basal cell carcinoma 

Clinical
 Study Report (CSR) expected Q2 2024 
 
 Ameluz 
 
 Actinic
 keratosis 

Safety
 study with 3 tubes of Ameluz ; CSR expected Q3 2023 
 
 Ameluz 
 
 Moderate
 to severe acne 

CSR
 expected Q2 2024 
 
 Ameluz 
 
 Actinic
 keratosis 

Trunk
 extremities with 1-3 tubes First patient dosed 01/23; CSR expected Q1 - 2025 
 
 Ameluz 
 
 Actinic
 keratosis 

Combination
 daylight + conventional PDT, plan to start enrollment in 2023 
 
 Ameluz 
 
 Squamous
 cell carcinoma in situ 

Plan
 to start enrollment in 2024 

In
late October 2021, the new, larger RhodoLED XL was approved by the FDA in combination with Ameluz for
the treatment of mild and moderate actinic keratoses on the face and scalp, which corresponds to the current approval of Ameluz .
The new PDT-lamp enables the illumination of larger areas, thus allowing the simultaneous treatment of several actinic keratoses distant
from each other. The BF-RhodoLED model will continue to be offered in the U.S. market. 

Principal
suppliers 

Our
source for the Ameluz and the RhodoLED lamp series is our Licensor, Biofrontera Pharma. Biofrontera Pharma
is considered the responsible manufacturer for Ameluz by the FDA. Biofrontera Pharma currently manufactures through a
single unaffiliated contract manufacturer in Switzerland, Glaropharm AG, and has recently signed an agreement with a second unaffiliated
contract manufacturer located in Germany, Pharbil Waltrop GmbH, to ensure stability of the supply chain. Our Licensor is responsible
for all raw materials, product, and shipment of products to our third-party logistics partner 3PL ), Cardinal Health for
warehousing and distribution. We centralize our customer sales support and back-office functions through our headquarters in Woburn,
Massachusetts. 

We intend to continue our development of our sales and marketing infrastructure to effectively target the broad range
of dermatologic prescribers. To further our development, we plan to expand our headcount, increase our investment in market research
and brand development, further develop our distribution capabilities and explore broader payer relationships and
coverage. 

6 

Xepi 

Our
second prescription drug licensed product in our portfolio is Xepi (ozenoxacin cream, 1 ), a topical non-fluorinated
quinolone that inhibits bacterial growth. Currently, no antibiotic resistance against Xepi is known and it has been specifically
approved by the FDA for the treatment of impetigo, a common skin infection, due to Staphylococcus aureus or Streptococcus pyogenes. It
is approved for use in the United States in adults and children 2 months and older. We are currently selling Xepi for
this indication in the United States under an exclusive license and supply agreement, as amended Xepi LSA ), with Ferrer
that was assumed by Biofrontera on March 25, 2019 through our acquisition of Cutanea. 

Impetigo
is a common and highly contagious bacterial skin infection caused by bacteria. The bacteria that can cause impetigo include Group A
beta-hemolytic streptococcus and Staphylococcus aureus. It occurs most frequently in children 2 to 5 years old, but people of any
age can be affected and even more than once. Impetigo causes red sores that most often appear on the face, neck, arms, and legs.
These sores can turn into blisters that open and form a yellowish crust. Transmission of the disease is by direct contact and poor
hygiene can increase the spread. Although impetigo is a year-round disease, it occurs most often during the warm weather
months. 7 

Possible
complications of impetigo 8 can include: 

Worsening
 or spreading of the infection 

Scarring,
 which is more common with ecthyma 

Impetigo caused by beta-hemolytic strep bacteria can cause: 

Kidney
 damage (poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis) 

Fever,
 joint, and other problems (rheumatic fever) 

Although
impetigo rarely leads to serious complications, effective treatment with drugs like Xepi can shorten how long impetigo
lasts. 

Market
and competitive landscape 

There
are more than 3 million cases of impetigo in the United States every year. 5 The market for topical antibiotics is driven by
generics with mupirocin being the top choice of topical antibiotics across all specialties. In 2021, over 13 million prescriptions were
written for mupirocin for a range of conditions. According to prescription data from IQVIA, dermatologists account for approximately
12 of the annual topical antibiotic prescriptions written or about 1.4 million prescriptions. Xepi is a prescription
product that is filled by specialty pharmacies nationwide and orders to these specialty pharmacies are fulfilled by our 3PL, Cardinal
Health. Sales to the specialty pharmacies are recognized net of sales deductions, which include expected returns, discounts and incentives
such as payments made under patient assistance programs. 

Our
licensors research and development programs 

Currently,
there are no clinical trials being conducted for Xepi , and we are unaware of any immediate or near-term plans of Ferrer
for a U.S.-market focused development pipeline. 

Sales, marketing and distribution 

We are currently selling our portfolio of licensed products in the United States through the use of our own commercial
organization. We have a single sales force who markets all our licensed products across the dermatology space. 

Although
recent developments with respect to the third-party manufacturer that was providing our supply of Xepi have impacted
the timing of sales expansion and improved market positioning, Ferrer is in the process of qualifying a new third-party manufacturer
in North America. The expectation is that this process will be completed by early 2024. Once the new third-party manufacturer is qualified,
we expect the supply of Xepi will meet future needs. Xepi , is distributed through specialty pharmacies
and generally covered by most commercial payers without pre-approval or similar requirements. Our contracts with third-party payers/pharmacy
benefit managers PBMs generally require us to provide rebates based on utilization by the patients they cover. We believe
that Xepi has the potential to be another innovative product with a large market potential. 

7 How to Treat Impetigo and Control This Common Skin Infection | FDA 

8 From CLS link to Johns Hopkins Impetigo
| Johns Hopkins Medicine 

7 

Intellectual
Property 

We
do not own any material patents or trademarks. We license the rights and trademarks related to the products we sell. 

Ameluz 
 and the RhodoLED lamp series are approved by the FDA as a combination product, such that the label requires the
use of both products together. The Licensor has patent protection on its nanoemulsion technology in the United States until 2028 
 and three new patent family applications on the BF-RhodoLED lamps and general PDT
illumination procedures, two of which are already granted and one is listed in the Orange Book, that could jointly extend protection
until 2040. 

Xepi 
 is protected by four patents in the United States held by Ferrer. The primary patent protecting the active ingredient in Xepi 
 expires in November 2023. However, there are treatment specific patents for the treatment of impetigo due to Staphylococcus aureus
or Streptococcus pyogenes and a method of treating nasopharynx infections in asymptomatic nasal carriers expiring in 2032 and 2029, respectively. 

Commercial
Partners and Agreements 

Ameluz 
 and RhodoLED Lamp Series License Service Agreement 

On
June 16, 2021, we entered into the Ameluz LSA with Biofrontera Pharma and Biofrontera Bioscience. Under the terms of the Ameluz
LSA, we were granted an exclusive, non-transferable license to use Biofrontera Pharma and Biofrontera Bioscience technology to use, import,
export, distribute, market, offer for sale and sell Ameluz and the RhodoLED lamp series for its approved
indications within the United States and certain of its territories and agreed to purchase a minimum number of units according to an agreed schedule. 

On
October 8, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the Ameluz LSA under which the price we pay per unit will be based upon our sales history,
although the minimum number of units to purchase per year remains unchanged. 

 The
amendment to the Ameluz LSA that became effective on October 8, 2021, also shifted the costs of clinical development for FDA-approved
indications that are not currently being sought by the Ameluz Licensor, as described below. 

In
addition, under the Ameluz LSA, the Ameluz Licensor agrees to sell us the RhodoLED lamp series at cost plus a low
double digit handling fee. There are no milestone or
royalty obligations associated with this agreement. Any changes to pricing of supply of Ameluz or RhodoLED lamps
would require agreement by both contract parties. 

The
Ameluz LSA will remain in effect until June 2036, at which time the Ameluz LSA may automatically renew depending on Biofrontera s
achievement of certain revenue goals. Both parties may terminate the agreement early for a material breach after a 60-day cure period. 

The
Ameluz LSA also provides that we will indemnify the Ameluz Licensor, subject to certain conditions, for any claims related to a breach
of our representations and covenants under the agreement or any other gross negligent, willful or intentionally wrongful act, error or
omission on our part. Under the terms of the agreement, the Ameluz Licensor will indemnify us, subject to certain conditions, against
claims related to the licensed products. 

8 

Under
the Ameluz LSA, the Ameluz Licensor is responsible for obtaining and maintaining the rights to all FDA approvals (and any required maintenance
thereafter) needed for the Ameluz Licensor to manufacture Ameluz and/or the RhodoLED lamp series and/or
for Biofrontera to sell Ameluz and/or the RhodoLED lamp series in the United States. Likewise, the Ameluz
Licensor is responsible to maintain a pharmacovigilance database and to respond appropriately to all relevant queries of any regulatory
authority pertaining to pharmacovigilance (Biofrontera is required to provide reasonable support relating to any regulatory issues relating
to pharmacovigilance and/or product recalls). Furthermore, the Ameluz Licensor will, in agreement with Biofrontera, perform and finance
clinical trials to promote the Ameluz market positioning in the U.S. market for indications that are identified in the
amendment signed on October 8, 2021, including the clinical studies. With respect to the indications currently pursued by the Ameluz
Licensor, we have the authority under the Ameluz LSA, in certain circumstances, to take over clinical development from the Ameluz Licensor,
if they are unable or unwilling to perform these functions appropriately and subtract the cost from the transfer price of future shipments.
The pursuit of any additional indications would need to be separately negotiated between us and the Ameluz Licensor. 

Conversely,
under the Ameluz LSA, Biofrontera is responsible for obtaining all state licenses or any other similar approvals required to market Ameluz 
 and/or the RhodoLED lamp in the United States. Biofrontera must also carry out all mandatory reporting responsibilities
under federal and state law with respect to compliance with the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, the Sunshine Act, or any other similar
laws and regulations. Biofrontera is also responsible for all activities related to reimbursement and pricing of the products within
the United States. Biofrontera is required by the Ameluz LSA to use commercially reasonable efforts and resources to exploit the license
and market Ameluz and the RhodoLED lamp in the United States commercially reasonable efforts 
being defined in terms of comparison against industry standards and practices for a company of comparable size and capability and active
in the same business area). 

Under
the Ameluz LSA, if product or lamps are not delivered in conformance with certain specifications of this Agreement and the Quality Assurance
Agreement, and the Ameluz Licensor does not remedy its failure, then we will have the right to organize manufacturing on our own, and
step into contracts with the Ameluz Licensor s manufacturers, such that we will replace the Ameluz Licensor as a party to these
contracts. If we pursue this option, the Ameluz Licensor must use its best efforts to assist with the transferring of these manufacturing
contracts without delay and at its own cost. No transfer price will be paid to the Ameluz Licensor thereafter for products or lamps that
are manufactured by third parties. 

Ferrer
Internacional S.A. 

On
March 25, 2019, we assumed the rights, duties and obligations of Cutanea under the Xepi LSA as part of the acquisition
of Cutanea. Under the terms of the Xepi LSA, we have been granted an exclusive, royalty-bearing license in the United States and certain
of its territories, including the right to sublicense under certain conditions, to develop, make, have made, use, register, market, promote,
sell, have sold, offer for sale and import Xepi . 

Under
the Xepi LSA, we are obligated to make payments to Ferrer upon the occurrence of certain milestones. Specifically, we must pay Ferrer
(i) 2,000,000 upon the first occasion when annual net sales of Xepi under the Xepi LSA exceed 25,000,000, and (ii)
 4,000,000 upon the first occasion annual net sales of Xepi under the Xepi LSA exceed 50,000,000. The maximum potential
milestone payments remaining under this agreement total 6,000,000. These are both sales-based milestones. There are no development milestones
within the agreement. 

The
terms of the Xepi LSA also provide for us to purchase Xepi from Ferrer and pay royalties at a high single digit
percentage based on net sales. Royalties are paid quarterly when the related sales occur. There are no other performance obligations
required for royalties to be incurred. Furthermore, while Ferrer is approval holder for Xepi , the administration of
the NDA is managed by Biofrontera Bioscience. We are fully dependent on our collaboration with Ferrer for our supply of
Xepi from their sole supplier. 

The
Xepi LSA will continue for the longer of (a) 12 years following the first commercial sale of Xepi or (b) 12 years from
the date of latest product to launch under the Xepi LSA, concluding in 2030. However, the Xepi LSA will automatically terminate concurrently
with the termination of Ferrer s license with Toyama Chemical Co., Ltd., also in 2030. Ferrer covenants under the agreement to
make commercially reasonable efforts to extend its license agreement with Toyama. Although recent developments with respect to the third-party
manufacturer that was providing our supply of Xepi have impacted the timing of sales expansion and improved market positioning,
we believe that Xepi has the potential to be another innovative product with a large market potential in our portfolio.
See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates
 Intangible Assets and Impairment Assessment in this Form 10-K. 

9 

Under
the Xepi LSA, Biofrontera is required to obtain and maintain all Marketing Authorizations and Regulatory Approvals in Ferrer s
name, as well as to obtain and maintain all other licenses and certificates required for the wholesale and/or retail sale of Xepi 
 in the United States. Biofrontera must also participate in a Joint Steering Committee, which is intended, in part,
to ensure (among other things) that Biofrontera uses commercially reasonable efforts to market and sell Xepi in the United
States. This joint steering committee is required to meet at least once per year, unless agreed otherwise by the parties. 

Government
and Industry Regulation 

Governmental
authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development,
testing, manufacture, safety surveillance, efficacy, quality control, labeling, packaging, distribution, record keeping, promotion, storage,
advertising, distribution, marketing, sale, export and import, pricing (including discounts and rebates), and the reporting of safety
and other post-market information of the products we distribute. These laws and regulations may require administrative guidance for implementation,
and a failure to comply could subject us to legal and administrative actions. Enforcement measures may include substantial fines and/or
penalties, orders to stop non-compliant activities, criminal charges, warning letters, product recalls or seizures, delays in product
approvals, exclusion from participation in government programs or contracts as well as limitations on conducting business in applicable
jurisdictions and could result in harm to our reputation and business. Compliance with these laws and regulations may be costly and may
require significant technical expertise and capital investment to ensure compliance. 

FDA
Regulation for Medical Devices 

After
a device is placed on the market, regardless of its classification or premarket pathway, numerous regulatory requirements apply. These
include, but are not limited to: 

establishing establishment
 registration and device listings with the FDA; 

Quality System Regulation,
 or QSR, which requires manufacturers, including third party manufacturers and certain other parties, to follow stringent design,
 testing, process control, documentation, corrective action/preventive action, complaint handling and other quality assurance procedures,
 as applicable; 

labeling statutes and regulations,
 which prohibit the promotion of products for uncleared or unapproved, or off-label uses and impose other restrictions on labeling; 

clearance or approval of
 product modifications that could affect (or for 510(k) devices, significantly affect) safety or effectiveness or that would constitute
 a change (or for 510(k) devices, a major change) in intended use; 

medical device reporting
 regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA if an event reasonably suggests that their device may have caused
 or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious
 injury if the malfunction of the same or a similar device of the manufacturer were to recur; 

corrections and removals
 reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections and product removals if undertaken to
 reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA, that may present a risk to health. In addition,
 the FDA may order a mandatory recall if there is a reasonable probability that the device would cause serious adverse health consequences
 or death; and 

post-approval restrictions
 or conditions, including requirements to conduct post-market surveillance studies to establish additional safety or efficacy data. 

10 

The
FDA has broad post-market and regulatory enforcement powers. The agency may conduct announced and unannounced inspections to determine
compliance with the QSR and other regulations, and these inspections may include the manufacturing facilities of subcontractors. Failure
by us or our suppliers to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement action by the FDA or other regulatory
authorities, which may result in sanctions and related consequences including, but not limited to: 

untitled letters or warning
 letters; 

fines, injunctions, consent
 decrees and civil penalties; 

recall, detention or seizure
 of our products; 

operating restrictions,
 partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

refusal of or delay in
 granting our requests for 510(k) clearance or premarket approval of new products or modified products; 

withdrawing 510(k) clearance
 or premarket approvals that are already granted; 

refusal to grant export
 approval for our products; 

criminal prosecution; and 

unanticipated expenditures
 to address or defend such actions. 

Our
Licensors are subject to announced and unannounced device inspections by FDA and other regulatory agencies overseeing the implementation
and adherence of applicable local, state and federal statutes and regulations. 

Fraud
and Abuse Laws 

We
are subject to healthcare anti-fraud and abuse regulations that are enforced by the U.S. federal government and the states in which we
conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include: 

the
 federal healthcare programs Anti-Kickback Law; 

federal
 false claims laws; 

federal
 criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare
 matters; 

the
 federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which imposes penalties against any person or entity that, among other things, is determined
 to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item
 or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent; and 

state
 law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services
 reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers. 

The
federal Anti-Kickback Statute makes it illegal for any person or entity, including a prescription drug manufacturer (or a party acting
on its behalf) to knowingly and willfully, directly or indirectly, solicit, receive, offer, or pay any remuneration that is intended
to induce the referral of business, including the purchase, order, or lease of any good, facility, item or service for which payment
may be made under a federal health care program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted
to include anything of value. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers
on one hand and prescribers, purchasers, formulary managers, and beneficiaries on the other. Although there are a number of statutory
exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn
narrowly. Practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations
may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular
applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead,
the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all its facts and circumstances.
Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration
is to induce referrals of federal health care covered business, the Anti-Kickback Statute has been violated. Violations of this law are
punishable by up to five years in prison, and can also result in criminal fines, civil monetary penalties, administrative penalties and
exclusion from participation in federal health care programs. 

11 

Additionally,
the intent standard under the Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Affordable Care Act to a stricter standard such that a person
or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation.
In addition, the Affordable Care Act codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. Because of the breadth
of these laws and the narrowness of the safe harbors, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge
under one or more of such laws. 

Federal
false claims and false statement laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act, prohibits, among other things, any person or entity
from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, for payment to, or approval by, federal programs, including Medicare and Medicaid,
claims for items or services, including drugs, that are false or fraudulent or not provided as claimed. Entities can be held liable under
these laws if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing inaccurate
billing or coding information to customers, promoting a product off-label, or for providing medically unnecessary services or items.
In addition, activities relating to the sale and marketing of products are subject to scrutiny under this law. Penalties for the federal
civil False Claims Act violations may include up to three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus mandatory civil
penalties for each separate false claim, the potential for exclusion from participation in federal health care programs, and, although
the federal civil False Claims Act is a civil statute, False Claims Act violations may also implicate various federal criminal statutes. 

Healthcare
Privacy and Security Laws 

We
may be subject to, or our marketing activities may be limited by, the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of
1996, or HIPAA, and its implementing regulations, which established uniform standards for certain covered entities (healthcare
providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses) governing the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and protecting
the security and privacy of protected health information. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, commonly referred to as
the economic stimulus package, included sweeping expansion of HIPAA s privacy and security standards called the Health Information
Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, which became effective on February 17, 2010. Among other things, the new
law makes HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates, independent contractors
or agents of covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of
a covered entity. HITECH also increased the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed against covered entities, business associates
and possibly other persons, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal
courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorney s fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. 

Available
Information 

We
are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Exchange
Act requires us to file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).
The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC. These materials may be obtained electronically by accessing the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . 

We
also maintain a website at https://www.biofrontera-us.com. The Information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this
Form 10-K and does not constitute a part of this Form 10-K. We make available, free of charge, on our website our annual report on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 

12 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Summary
of Material Risk Factors 

Our
business, results of operations and financial condition and the industry in which we operate are subject to various risks. We have listed
below (in order of importance or probability of occurrence) the most significant risk factors applicable to us, but they
do not constitute all of the risks that may be applicable to us. New risks may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us
to predict all potential risks or to assess the likely impact of all risks. You should read this summary together with the more detailed
description of each risk factor contained below. Some of these material risks include: 

Risks
Related to the License and Supply Agreements and our Licensed Products 

Currently,
 our sole source of revenue is from sales of products we license from other companies. If we fail to comply with our obligations in
 the agreements under which we license rights from such third parties, or if the license agreements are terminated for other reasons,
 we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 

Certain
 important patents for our licensed product Ameluz expired in 2019. Although the process of developing generic topical
 dermatological products for the first time presents specific challenges that may deter potential generic competitors, generic versions
 of Ameluz may enter the market following the recent expiration of these patents. If this happens, we may need to
 reduce the price of Ameluz significantly and may lose significant market share. 

Our
 business depends substantially on the success of our principal licensed product Ameluz . If the Ameluz Licensor is
 unable to successfully obtain and maintain regulatory approvals or reimbursement for Ameluz for existing and additional
 indications, our business may be materially harmed. 

The
 Ameluz Licensor currently depends on a single unaffiliated contract manufacturer to manufacture Ameluz and has contracted with a second unaffiliated contract manufacturer to begin producing Ameluz . If the Ameluz Licensor fails
 to maintain its relationships with these manufacturers or if both of these manufacturers are unable to produce product for the Ameluz
 Licensor, our business could be materially harmed. 

If
 our Licensors or our Licensors manufacturing partners, as applicable, fail to manufacture Ameluz , RhodoLED 
 lamps, Xepi or other marketed products in sufficient quantities and at acceptable quality and cost levels,
 or to fully comply with current good manufacturing practice, or cGMP, or other applicable manufacturing regulations, we may face
 a bar to, or delays in, the commercialization of the products under license to us or we will be unable to meet market demand, and
 lose potential revenues. 

The
 Biofrontera Group has been involved in lawsuits to defend or enforce patents related to our licensed products and they or another
 licensor may become involved in similar suits in the future, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 

13 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Strategy 

The
COVID-19 global pandemic still affects our business and presents new challenges. 

Insurance
 coverage and medical expense reimbursement may be limited or unavailable in certain market segments for our licensed products, which
 could make it difficult for us to sell our licensed products. 

We
 are fully dependent on our collaboration with the Ameluz Licensor for our supply of Ameluz and RhodoLED 
 lamps and future development of the Ameluz product line, on our collaboration with Ferrer for our supply of
 Xepi and future development of Xepi and may depend on the Ameluz Licensor, Ferrer or additional third
 parties for the supply, development and commercialization of future licensed products or product candidates. Although we have the
 authority under the Ameluz LSA with respect to the indications that the Ameluz Licensor is currently pursuing with the FDA (as well
 as certain other clinical studies identified in the Ameluz LSA) in certain circumstances to take over clinical development, regulatory
 work and manufacturing from the Ameluz Licensor if they are unable or unwilling to perform these functions appropriately, the sourcing
 and manufacture of our licensed products as well as the regulatory approvals and clinical trials related to our licensed products
 are currently controlled, and will likely continue to be controlled for the foreseeable future, by our existing and future collaborators.
 Our lack of control over some of these functions could adversely affect our ability to implement our strategy for the commercialization
 of our licensed products. 

Healthcare
 legislative changes may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We
 face significant competition from other pharmaceutical and medical device companies and our operating results will suffer if we fail
 to compete effectively. We also must compete with existing treatments, such as simple curettage and cryotherapy, which do not involve
 the use of a drug but have gained significant market acceptance. 

The
 U.S. market size for Ameluz for the treatment of actinic keratosis may be smaller than we have estimated. 

If
 our Licensors face allegations of noncompliance with the law and encounter sanctions, their reputation, revenues and liquidity may
 suffer, and our licensed products could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market. 

Even
 if our Licensors obtain regulatory approvals for our licensed products and product candidates, or approvals extending their indications,
 they may not gain market acceptance among hospitals, physicians, health care payors, patients and others in the medical community. 

A
 recall of our licensed drug or medical device products, or the discovery of serious safety issues with our licensed drug or medical
 device products, could have a significant negative impact on us. 

Our
 licensed medical device product, the RhodoLED lamp, is subject to extensive governmental regulation, and failure
 to comply with applicable requirements could cause our business to suffer. 

We
 are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel, we
 may be unable to successfully implement our business strategy. 

Our
 business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures, cyber-attacks or a deficiency in our cyber-security. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements 

We
 have a history of operating losses and anticipate that we will continue to incur operating losses in the future and may never sustain
 profitability. 

If
 we fail to obtain additional financing, we may be unable to pursue our plans for strategic growth, including completing the commercialization
 of Xepi and other products we may license. 

Our existing and any future indebtedness could adversely affect our ability
to operate our business. 

The valuation of our equity investments is subject to volatility. 

Risks
Related to Corporate Governance, Including Being a Public Company 

We
 previously identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, resulting from control deficiencies related
 to management s review of work performed by specialists. If we identify
 additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be
 able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect our business and
 stock price. 

We
 have incurred, and will continue to incur, increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required
 to devote substantial time to compliance with our public company responsibilities and corporate governance practices. 

As
 a result of becoming a public company, we are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial
 reporting and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our company
 and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 

We
 are an emerging growth company and smaller reporting company we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable
 to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

14 

Risks
Related to Our Securities and the Ownership of Our Common Stock 

As
 of December 31, 2022, Biofrontera AG beneficially owns 30.0 of our outstanding shares of common stock and will be able to exert
 significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval and its interests may conflict with ours or other stockholders in
 the future. 

Future
 sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase our common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans,
 could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause the stock price of our common
 stock to decline. 

If
 we fail to regain compliance with applicable listing standards, our common stock and/or our publicly-traded warrants could be delisted
 from Nasdaq. 

Our
 stockholder rights plan, or poison pill, includes terms and conditions which could discourage a takeover or other transaction
 that stockholders may consider favorable. 

Our
 charter documents and Delaware law could prevent a takeover that stockholders consider favorable and could also reduce the market
 price of our stock. 

Our
 amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive
 forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain
 a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 

Risks
Related to the License and Supply Agreements and Our Licensed Products 

Currently,
our sole source of revenue is from sales of products we license from other companies. If we fail to comply with our obligations in the
agreements under which we license rights from such third parties, or if the license agreements are terminated for other reasons, we could
lose license rights that are important to our business. 

We
are a party to license agreements with Biofrontera Pharma and Biofrontera Bioscience (for Ameluz and the RhodoLED 
 lamp series) and with Ferrer (for Xepi and expect to enter into additional licenses in the future. Our existing
license agreements impose, and we expect that future license agreements will impose, on us various development, regulatory diligence
obligations, payment of milestones or royalties and other obligations. If we fail to comply with our obligations under our license agreements,
or we are subject to a bankruptcy or insolvency, the licensor may have the right to terminate the license. In the event that any of our
existing or future important licenses were to be terminated by the licensor, we would likely need to cease further commercialization
of the related licensed product or be required to spend significant time and resources to modify the licensed product to not use the
rights under the terminated license. In the case of marketed products that depend upon a license agreement, we could be required to cease
our commercialization activities, including sale of the affected product. For a summary of the terms of the license agreements, see Business Commercial
Partners and Agreements . 

Disputes
may arise between us and any of our Licensors regarding intellectual property subject to such agreements, including: 

the
 scope of rights granted under the agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

whether
 and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the
 agreement; 

our
 right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties; 

our
 diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed intellectual property, and what activities satisfy those diligence
 obligations; 

the
 ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our Licensors and us, should
 any such joint creation occur; 

our
 right to transfer or assign the license; and 

the
 effects of termination. 

15 

These,
or other disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed may prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current arrangements
on acceptable terms or may impair the value of the arrangement to us. Any such dispute, or termination of a necessary license, could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Certain
important patents for our licensed product Ameluz expired in 2019. Although the process of developing generic topical
dermatological products for the first time presents specific challenges that may deter potential generic competitors, generic versions
of Ameluz may enter the market following the recent expiration of these patents. If this happens, we may need to reduce
the price of Ameluz significantly and may lose significant market share. 

The
patent family that protected the technology relating to nanoemulsion of 5-aminolevulinic acid, the active ingredient in Ameluz ,
against copying by competitors expired on November 12, 2019. This patent family included U.S. Patent No. 6,559,183, which, prior to its
expiration, served as a material, significant and possibly the only barrier to entry into the U.S. market by generic versions of Ameluz .
Although the process of developing generic topical dermatological products presents specific challenges that may deter potential generic
competitors, Patent No. 6,559,183 no longer prevents generic versions of Ameluz from entering the U.S. market and competing
with Ameluz . If generic competitors do enter the market, this may cause a significant drop in the price of Ameluz 
 and, therefore, a significant drop in our profits. We may also lose significant U.S. market share for Ameluz . 

The
Ameluz Licensor holds another patent family protecting the technology relating to nanoemulsions for which they have been issued patents
in various jurisdictions and which expire in December 2027. A corresponding U.S. patent application has been filed by the Ameluz Licensor
but is still pending. We cannot guarantee that this U.S. patent will be issued or, if issued, will adequately protect us against copying
by competitors. 

Our
business depends substantially on the success of our principal licensed product Ameluz . If the Ameluz Licensor is unable
to successfully obtain and maintain regulatory approvals or reimbursement for Ameluz for existing and additional indications,
our business may be materially harmed. 

Although
the Ameluz Licensor has received marketing approval in the United States for Ameluz for lesion- and field-directed treatment
of actinic keratosis in combination with photodynamic therapy using the BF-RhodoLED lamp series, there remains a significant
risk that we will fail to generate sufficient revenue or otherwise successfully commercialize the product in the United States. The success
of our product will depend on several factors, including: 

successful
 completion of further clinical trials by the Ameluz Licensor; 

receipt
 by the Ameluz Licensor of further regulatory approvals, including for the marketing of Ameluz for additional indications; 

the
 contract manufacturing facility maintaining regulatory compliance; 

compliance
 with applicable law for our sales force and marketing efforts; 

the
 contract manufacturing facility manufacturing sufficient quantities in acceptable quality; 

the
 Ameluz Licensor sourcing sufficient quantities of raw materials used to manufacture our licensed products; 

continued
 acceptable safety and effectiveness profiles for our licensed products; 

the
 Ameluz Licensor obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity; and 

the
 Ameluz Licensor protecting its intellectual property rights. 

If
the Ameluz Licensor does not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner, or at all, we could experience significant delays
or an inability to successfully commercialize our licensed products, which would materially harm our business and we may not be able
to earn sufficient revenue and cash flows to continue our operations. 

Because
the Ameluz Licensor received approval from the FDA to market in the United States Ameluz in combination with photodynamic
therapy using the BF-RhodoLED lamp, any new lamp we may license would require new approval from the FDA. We cannot assure
you that the Biofrontera Group will develop any new lamps (beyond the BF-RhodoLED XL lamp which was approved by the FDA
on October 21, 2021) or obtain any such new approval. 

16 

The
Ameluz Licensor currently depends on a single unaffiliated contract manufacturer to manufacture Ameluz and has contracted with a second unaffiliated contract manufacturer to begin producing Ameluz . If the Ameluz Licensor fails to
maintain its relationships with these manufacturers or if both of these manufacturers are unable to produce product for the Ameluz Licensor,
our business could be materially harmed. 

Pursuant
to the Ameluz LSA, the Ameluz Licensor supplies us with Ameluz . The Ameluz Licensor currently depends on a single unaffiliated
contract manufacturer located in Switzerland to manufacture Ameluz , Glaropharm AG, and has signed an agreement
with a second unaffiliated contract manufacturer located in Germany, Pharbil Waltrop GmbH, to begin to supply it with Ameluz 
 to ensure stability of the supply chain. If the Ameluz Licensor fails to maintain its relationships with both of these manufacturers
or if the Ameluz Licensor fails to maintain its relationship with its current manufacturer and the second manufacturer has not yet completed
the necessary steps to begin manufacturing Ameluz , the Ameluz Licensor may be unable to obtain an alternative manufacturer
of Ameluz that could deliver the quantity of the product at the quality and cost levels that we require. Even if an acceptable
alternative manufacturer could be found, we would expect long delays in transitioning the manufacturing from the existing manufacturer
to a new manufacturer. Problems of this kind could cause us to experience order cancellations and loss of market share. The failure of
either manufacturer to supply the Ameluz Licensor with Ameluz that satisfies quality, quantity and cost requirements
in a timely manner could impair our ability to deliver Ameluz to the U.S. market and could increase costs, particularly
if the Ameluz Licensor is unable to obtain Ameluz from alternative sources on a timely basis or on commercially reasonable
terms. In addition, each manufacturer is regulated by the country in which it is located and by the FDA and must comply with applicable
laws and regulations. Finding a suitable replacement of these particular partners would therefore be extremely difficult for the Ameluz
Licensor. If the Ameluz Licensor lost these manufacturers, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
condition and/or results of operations. If the suppliers fail to comply, this could harm our business. 

If
our Licensor or our Licensors manufacturing partners, as applicable, fail to manufacture Ameluz , RhodoLED 
 lamps, Xepi or other marketed products in sufficient quantities and at acceptable quality and cost levels, or to
fully comply with current good manufacturing practice, or cGMP, or other applicable manufacturing regulations, we may face a bar to,
or delays in, the commercialization of the products under license to us or we will be unable to meet market demand, and lose potential
revenues. 

Pursuant
to the applicable LSA, our Licensors supply us with the licensed product that we sell in the U.S. market. The manufacture of the products
we license requires significant expertise and capital investment. Currently, all commercial supply for each of our commercial licensed
products are manufactured by single unaffiliated contract manufacturers. Our Licensors would each need to spend substantial time and
expense to replace their respective contract manufacturer if such contract manufacturer failed to deliver products in the quality and
quantities we demand or failed to meet any regulatory or cGMP requirements. Our Licensors take precautions to help safeguard their respective
manufacturing facilities, including acquiring insurance and performing on site audits. However, vandalism, terrorism or a natural or
other disaster, such as a fire or flood, could damage or destroy manufacturing equipment or the inventory of raw material or finished
goods, cause substantial delays in operations, result in the loss of key information, and cause additional expenses. Our Licensors 
insurance may not cover losses related to our licensed products in any particular case. In addition, regardless of the level of insurance
coverage, damage to our Licensors facilities may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating
results. 

Furthermore,
while our Licensors take reasonable precautions to ensure the successful production of our commercially licensed products, their contract
manufacturers may experience a myriad of business difficulties (i.e., workforce instability, supply chain issues, erosion of customer
base, etc.) that could impact their financial solvency. Ferrer s manufacturer of Xepi (Teligent, Inc.) filed for
Chapter 11 bankruptcy on October 14, 2021, and on February 23, 2022 Teligent, Inc. filed a motion to convert their bankruptcy into a
Chapter 7 liquidation. Ferrer is in the process of qualifying a new third-party manufacturer in North America. The process will require
significant time and expense, including the time it will take the new contract manufacturer to reach a level of production to meet our
commercial needs. Although we have inventory of Xepi on hand, we do not expect it will be enough to complete the commercialization
of Xepi in accordance with the originally planned timeline. If there are any significant delays to, or changes in, our
plans for the completion of the commercialization of Xepi , this could have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects, financial condition and/or results of operations. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations Key factors affecting our performance Supply Chain in this Form 10-K. 

Our
Licensors manufacturing partners must comply with federal, state and foreign regulations, including FDA regulations governing
cGMP enforced by the FDA through its facilities inspection program and by similar regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions where
we do business. These requirements include, among other things, quality control, quality assurance and the maintenance of records and
documentation. For the medical device products we license, our Licensors are required to comply with the FDA s Quality System Regulation,
or QSR, which covers the methods and documentation of the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance, labeling, packaging,
sterilization, storage and shipping of our medical device products. 

17 

Our
Licensors facilities or our Licensors contract facilities, as applicable, have been inspected by the FDA for cGMP compliance.
If our Licensors or our Licensors contract manufacturers, as applicable, do not successfully maintain cGMP compliance for
these facilities, commercialization of our licensed products could be prohibited or significantly delayed. Even after cGMP compliance
has been achieved, the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities at any time may implement new standards or change their interpretation
and enforcement of existing standards for manufacture, packaging, testing of or other activities related to our licensed products. For
our licensed commercialized medical device product, the FDA audits compliance with the through periodic announced and unannounced inspections
of manufacturing and other facilities. The FDA may conduct inspections or audits at any time. Similar audit rights exist in Europe and
other foreign jurisdictions. Any failure to comply with applicable cGMP, QSR and other regulations may result in fines and civil penalties,
suspension of production, product seizure or recall, imposition of a consent decree, or withdrawal of product approval, and would limit
the availability of our product. Any manufacturing defect or error discovered after products have been produced and distributed also
could result in significant consequences, including adverse health consequences, injury or death to patients, costly recall procedures,
re-stocking costs, warning letters, Form 483 reports, civil monetary penalties, product liability, damage to our reputation and potential
for product liability claims. If our Licensors are required to find a new manufacturer or supplier, the process would likely require
prior FDA and/or equivalent foreign regulatory authority approval and would be very time consuming. An inability to continue manufacturing
adequate supplies of our licensed products at any contract facilities could result in a disruption in the supply of our licensed products.
Delay or disruption in our ability to meet demand may result in the loss of potential revenue. 

In
addition, we are subject to regulations in various jurisdictions, including the Federal Drug Quality and Security Act and the Drug Supply
Chain Security Act in the United States, which require us to develop electronic systems to serialize, track, trace and authenticate units
of our licensed products through the supply chain and distribution system. Compliance with these regulations may result in increased
expenses for our company or impose greater administrative burdens on our organization, and failure to meet these requirements could result
in fines or other penalties. 

Failure
to comply with all applicable regulatory requirements may subject our company to operating restrictions and criminal prosecution, monetary
penalties and other disciplinary actions, including, sanctions, warning letters, product seizures, recalls, fines, injunctions, suspension,
shutdown of production, revocation of approvals or the inability to obtain future approvals, or exclusion from future participation in
government healthcare programs. Any of these events could disrupt our company s business and, consequently, have a material adverse
effect on our revenue, profitability and financial condition. 

If
our Licensors efforts to protect the proprietary nature of their intellectual property related to our licensed products are not
adequate, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market. 

Our
Licensors rely upon a combination of patents, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property
related to the products we license from them. Any disclosure to or misappropriation by third parties of their confidential proprietary
information could enable competitors to quickly duplicate or surpass their technological achievements, thus eroding our competitive position
in our market. 

In
addition, the patent applications that they own may fail to result in issued patents in the United States. Even if the patents do successfully
issue, third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope thereof, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated
or held unenforceable. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, their patents and patent applications may not adequately protect their
intellectual property or prevent others from designing around their claims. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by the
issued patents and patent applications our Licensors hold with respect to our licensed products is threatened, it could threaten our
ability to commercialize our licensed products. Further, if our Licensors encounter delays in their clinical trials, the period of time
during which we could market our licensed products under patent protection would be reduced. Since patent applications in the United
States are confidential for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain that our Licensors were the first to file any patent
application related to the products we license. Furthermore, for applications in which all claims are entitled to a priority date before
March 16, 2013, an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third party or instituted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or
USPTO, to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of our applications. For applications
containing a claim not entitled to priority before March 16, 2013, there is greater level of uncertainty in the patent law with the passage
of the America Invents Act (2012) which brings into effect significant changes to the U.S. patent laws that are yet untried and untested,
and which introduces new procedures for challenging pending patent applications and issued patents. A primary change under this reform
is creating a first to file system in the United States. This will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time
from invention to filing of a patent application. 

18 

In
addition to the protection afforded by patents, our Licensors may rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect
proprietary know-how that is not patentable, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and any other elements of our product
discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents. Although
our Licensors may require their employees to assign their inventions to us to the extent permitted by law, and may require our employees,
consultants, advisors and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information or technology to enter into confidentiality
agreements, we cannot be certain that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that
competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques.
Furthermore, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws
of the United States or the EU. As a result, our Licensors may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending their intellectual
property in the United States, in the EU and in other countries. If they are unable to prevent unauthorized material disclosure of their
intellectual property to third parties, we may not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market, which could
materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Third
party claims of intellectual property infringement may affect our ability to sell our licensed products and may also prevent or delay
our Licensors product discovery and development efforts. 

Our
commercial success depends in part on our Licensors avoiding infringement of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. There
is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical
industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including interference and reexamination proceedings before
the USPTO, or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. Recently, following U.S. patent reform, new procedures
including inter partes review and post grant review have been implemented. This reform includes changes in law and procedures
that are untried and untested and will bring uncertainty to the possibility of challenge to our patents in the future. Numerous U.S.
and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which our Licensors
are developing product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases
that our licensed products may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. 

Third
parties may assert that we or our Licensors are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. There may be third party
patents of which we or our Licensors are currently unaware with claims to materials, formulations, devices, methods of manufacture or
methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of the products we license. Because patent applications can take many years to
issue, there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our licensed products or product
candidates may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our licensed technologies
infringes upon such patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process
of our licensed products, any molecules formed during the manufacturing process or any final product itself, the holders of any such
patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize the product unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until
such patents expire or they are finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. Similarly, if any third-party patent were held
by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of the formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination
therapy or patient selection methods, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to commercialize the product unless
we obtained a license or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. In either case, such
a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we or our Licensors are unable to obtain a necessary license
to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, our ability to commercialize our licensed products may be impaired
or delayed, which could in turn significantly harm our business. 

19 

Parties
making claims against us or our Licensors may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our
ability to sell our licensed products and to further commercialize our licensed products. Defense of these claims, regardless of their
merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In
the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys 
fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which
may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available
at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we or our Licensors
may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance their research or allow commercialization of the products we license. We or
our licensors may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would
be unable to further commercialize our licensed products, which could harm our business significantly. 

In
March 2018, DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or DUSA, brought a lawsuit against Biofrontera AG and its subsidiaries, including us, before
the District Court of Massachusetts (18-cv-10568-RGS) alleging patent infringement and other claims related to sales practices. 

On
November 29, 2021, before the trial began, we entered into a confidential settlement and release agreement with the respect to the DUSA
Litigation with DUSA. See Commitments and Contingencies Legal proceedings in Note 24 to the audited financial
statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as included in this Form 10-K 

While
Biofrontera AG has agreed to pay a portion of the settlement, we remain jointly and severally liable to DUSA for the full settlement
amount, meaning that in the event Biofrontera AG does not pay all or a portion of the amount it owes under the Agreement, DUSA could
compel us to pay Biofrontera AG s share. If either we or Biofrontera AG violates the terms of the settlement agreement, this
could nullify certain aspects of the settlement and we may lose certain benefits of the settlement and be liable for a greater
amount. If we become liable for more than our agreed share of the aggregate settlement amount, either of these events could have a
material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and/or results of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the
Company has a receivable of 6.4 million due from Biofrontera AG for its share of the settlement amount. 

The
Biofrontera Group has been involved in lawsuits to defend or enforce patents related to our licensed products and they or another licensor
may become involved in similar suits in the future, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 

Competitors
may infringe upon the patents for our licensed products. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we or our Licensors may be required
to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide
that one or more of our Licensors patents is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the
technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or defense
proceedings, could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable, or interpreted narrowly and could
put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation
expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim or counterclaim
of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement,
obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible or require
substantial time and monetary expenditure. 

Interference
or derivation proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions
with respect to our patents or patent applications. An unfavorable outcome in any patent related litigation could require us to cease
using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing
party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful,
may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our
trade secrets or confidential information, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United
States or the EU. 

20 

Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery that could be required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a
risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there
could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts
or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our securities. 

The
trade secrets of our Licensors are difficult to protect. 

Confidentiality
agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of our Licensors trade secrets and other proprietary
information and may not adequately protect their intellectual property. 

Our
success depends upon the skills, knowledge and experience of our Licensors scientific and technical personnel, consultants and
advisors as well as our partners, Licensors and contractors. Because drug development is a highly competitive technical field, our Licensors
may rely in part on trade secrets to protect their proprietary technology and processes. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect.
We enter into confidentiality agreements with our Licensors, corporate partners, employees, consultants and other advisors. These agreements
typically require that the receiving party keep confidential and not disclose to third parties all confidential information developed
by the receiving party or made known to the receiving party during the course of the receiving party s relationship. 

Our
Licensors trade secrets also could be independently discovered by their competitors, in which case, they would not be able to
prevent use of such trade secrets by their competitors. The enforcement of a claim alleging that a party illegally obtained and was using
our trade secrets could be difficult, expensive and time consuming and the outcome would be unpredictable. There exists a risk that we
or our Licensors may not be able to detect when misappropriation of trade secrets has occurred or where a third party is using such trade
secrets without our or their knowledge. The failure to obtain or maintain meaningful trade secret protection could adversely affect the
competitive position of our licensed products. 

Our subsidiary and certain
third-party employees and our licensed patents are subject to foreign laws. 

All employees of our wholly owned subsidiary, Bio-FRI GmbH, and a
majority of the employees of Biofrontera AG, the parent company of the Ameluz Licensor, work in Germany and are subject to German employment
law. Ideas, developments, discoveries and inventions made by such employees and consultants are subject to the provisions of the German
Act on Employees Inventions, which regulates the ownership of, and compensation for, inventions made by employees. We face the
risk that disputes can occur between Biofrontera AG and its employees or former employees pertaining to alleged non-adherence to the
provisions of this act that may impact our license depending on whether Biofrontera AG prevails or fails in any such dispute. There is
a risk that the compensation Biofrontera AG provided to employees who assign patents to them may be deemed to be insufficient and Biofrontera
AG may be required under German law to increase the compensation due to such employees for the use of the patents. In those cases where
employees have not assigned their interests to Biofrontera AG, Biofrontera AG may need to pay compensation for the use of those patents.
If Biofrontera AG is required to pay additional compensation or face other disputes under the German Act on Employees Inventions,
the impact on our license could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our
international dealings with our Licensors may pose currency risks, which may adversely affect our operating results and net income. 

Our
operating results may be affected by volatility in currency exchange rates and our ability to effectively manage our currency transaction
risks. In general, we conduct our business with our Licensors and any third-party vendors in the local currency of the country in which
such licensor or vendor operates. We do not manage our foreign currency exposure in a manner that would eliminate the effects of changes
in foreign exchange rates. Therefore, changes in exchange rates between these foreign currencies, the dollar and the euro will affect
our selling, general and administrative, related party, and the recorded levels of assets and liabilities held in a foreign currency
and could result in exchange losses in any given reporting period. 

21 

Given
the volatility of exchange rates, we can give no assurance that we will be able to effectively manage our currency transaction risks
or that any volatility in currency exchange rates will not have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Strategy 

The
COVID-19 global pandemic still affects our business and presents new challenges. 

Since
the beginning of 2020, COVID-19 has become a global pandemic. As a result of the measures implemented by governments around the
world, our business operations have been directly affected. In particular, we experienced a significant decline in demand for our
licensed products as a result of different priorities for medical treatments emerging, thereby causing a delay of actinic keratosis
treatment for most patients. Our revenue was directly affected by the global COVID-19 pandemic starting in mid-March of 2020. From
that point on, rising infection rates and the resulting American Academy of Dermatology s official recommendation to care for
patients through remote diagnosis and treatment (telehealth) led to significantly declining patient numbers and widespread, albeit
temporary, physician practice closures. As COVID-19 vaccines started to roll-out to the general public in March 2021, we experienced
an increase in patients willing to undergo treatment for actinic keratosis. In the fourth quarter of 2021 continuing through 2022,
we again saw a seasonally strong increase in sales, indicating a revenue recovery from the global COVID-19 pandemic. We are
optimistic that our business will continue to thrive throughout 2023 as a result of the COVID-19 PHE sunsetting on May 11, 2023.
However, the ultimate extent of the impact of any epidemic, pandemic, outbreak, or other public health crisis on our
business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be
predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of such epidemic, pandemic, outbreak, or other public
health crisis and actions taken to contain or prevent the further spread, including the effectiveness of vaccination and booster
vaccination campaigns, among others. Accordingly, we cannot predict the extent to which our business, financial condition and
results of operations will continue to be affected. We remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet, liquidity and financial
flexibility and continue to monitor developments as we deal with the disruptions and uncertainties from a business and financial
perspective relating to COVID-19 and variants thereof. 

We
are fully dependent on our collaboration with the Ameluz Licensor for our supply of Ameluz and RhodoLED lamps
and future development of the Ameluz product line, on our collaboration with Ferrer for our supply of Xepi 
 and future development of Xepi and may depend on the Ameluz Licensor, Ferrer or additional third parties for the
supply, development and commercialization of future licensed products or product candidates. Although we have the authority under the
Ameluz LSA with respect to the indications that the Ameluz Licensor is currently pursuing with the FDA (as well as certain other clinical
studies identified in the Ameluz LSA) in certain circumstances to take over clinical development, regulatory work and manufacturing from
the Ameluz Licensor if they are unable or unwilling to perform these functions appropriately, the sourcing and manufacture of our licensed
products as well as the regulatory approvals and clinical trials related to our licensed products are currently controlled, and will
likely continue to be controlled for the foreseeable future, by our existing and future collaborators. Our lack of control over some
of these functions could adversely affect our ability to implement our strategy for the commercialization of our licensed products. 

22 

We
do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for clinical or commercial manufacture of any of our licensed products. We outsource all
manufacturing and packaging of our licensed products to our Licensors, who may in turn contract with third parties to provide these services.
We have no direct control over the manufacturing process of our licensed products. This lack of control may increase quality or reliability
risks and could limit our ability to quickly increase or decrease production rates. See If our Licensors manufacturing
partners fail to manufacture Ameluz , RhodoLED lamps, Xepi or other marketed products
in sufficient quantities and at acceptable quality and cost levels, or to fully comply with current good manufacturing practice, or cGMP,
or other applicable manufacturing regulations, we may face a bar to, or delays in, the commercialization of the products under license
to us or we will be unable to meet market demand, and lose potential revenues for more information on the risks related to
the manufacture of our licensed products. Although under the Ameluz LSA we are entitled to enter into a direct agreement with the Ameluz
Licensor s supplier under certain circumstances, this is only with respect to the indications that the Ameluz Licensor is currently
seeking from the FDA (as well as certain other clinical studies identified in the Ameluz LSA) and there is no guarantee that we will
be able to do so under terms similar to the Ameluz Licensor s existing agreement or without delays or difficulties, each of which
could have an adverse impact on our business or results of operations. 

We
currently do not have the ability to conduct any clinical trials. Under the Ameluz LSA and the Xepi LSA, our Licensors control
clinical development as well as the regulatory approval process for our licensed products. Our lack of control over the clinical development
and regulatory approval process for our licensed products could result in delays or difficulties in the commercialization of our licensed
products and/or affect the development of future indications for our licensed products. Although under the Ameluz LSA we are entitled
to take over clinical trial and regulatory work under certain circumstances with respect to the indications that the Ameluz Licensor
is currently seeking from the FDA (as well as certain other clinical studies identified in the Ameluz LSA) and subtract the cost of the
trials from the transfer price of Ameluz , there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so without delays or difficulties
that could have an adverse impact on our business or results of operations and we do not have that right with respect to indications
for Ameluz that we may desire the Ameluz Licensor to pursue in the future. 

In
addition, under the Ameluz LSA and the Xepi LSA, we are not obligated or tasked with the duty to defend the intellectual property related
to our licensed products and rely on our Licensors to defend the relevant intellectual property. This lack of control may increase the
litigation risks and could limit our ability to utilize the relevant intellectual property. See If our Licensors 
efforts to protect the proprietary nature of their intellectual property related to our licensed products are not adequate, we may not
be able to compete effectively in our market for more information on the risks related to the defense of the intellectual
property related to our licensed products. 

Biofrontera
AG is a significant stockholder of the Company and, as a result of its control of the manufacture, clinical development and regulatory
approval of Ameluz may exert greater influence on the Company relative to the percentage of its ownership of the Company s
outstanding common stock. See Risks Related to Our Securities and Ownership of Our Common Stock As of December
31, 2022, Biofrontera AG beneficially owns 30.0 of our stock after the completion of the initial public offering and will be able to
exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval, and its interests may conflict with ours or other stockholders 
in the future for more information on the risks related to Biofrontera AG s beneficial ownership of the Company s
common stock. 

23 

Insurance
coverage and medical expense reimbursement may be limited or unavailable in certain market segments for our licensed products, which
could make it difficult for us to sell our licensed products. 

Government
authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which products they
will cover and the amount of reimbursement. Reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including the government
or third-party payor s determination that use of a product is: 

a
 covered benefit under its health plan; 

safe,
 effective and medically necessary; 

reasonable
 and appropriate for the specific patient; 

cost-effective;
 and 

neither
 experimental nor investigational. 

Obtaining
coverage and reimbursement approval for a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time consuming and costly process
that could require our Licensors to provide to the payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our
licensed products. Our Licensors may not be able to provide data sufficient to gain acceptance with respect to coverage and reimbursement
or a particular reimbursement amount. If reimbursement of future products or extended indications for existing licensed products is unavailable
or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, we may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability. 

Healthcare
legislative changes may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

In
the United States and certain other countries, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the health care
system that could impact our ability to sell our licensed products profitably. In particular, the Medicare Prescription Drug,
Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 revised the payment methodology for many products under Medicare in the United States,
which has resulted in lower rates of reimbursement. In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the
Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 the PPACA or collectively, the ACA ), was signed into law, which substantially changed
the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers in the United States. 

Since
its enactment, there have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA, and we expect there
will be additional challenges and amendments to the ACA in the future. On January 20, 2017, President Donald Trump signed an
executive order stating that the administration intended to seek prompt repeal of the Affordable Care Act, and, pending repeal,
directed by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and other executive departments and agencies to take all steps
necessary to limit any fiscal or regulatory burdens of the Affordable Care Act. On January 28, 2021, President Joseph R. Biden, Jr.
signed the Executive Order on Strengthening Medicaid and stated his administration s intentions to reverse the actions of his
predecessor and strengthen the Affordable Care Act. As part of this Executive Order, the Department of Health and Human Services,
United States Treasury, and the Department of Labor are to review all existing regulations, orders, guidance documents, policies,
and agency actions to consider if they are consistent with ensuring both coverage under the Affordable Care Act and if they make
high-quality healthcare affordable and accessible to Americans. On March 11, 2021, President Joseph R. Biden Jr. signed into law the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 to further
strengthen Medicaid and the ACA and on April 5, 2022, President Joseph R. Biden Jr. signed the Executive Order on Continuing to Strengthen
Americans Access to Affordable, Quality Health Coverage in which he celebrated the significant progress across the U.S. in making
healthcare more affordable and accessible. In this Executive Order, President Joseph R. Biden Jr. directed agencies with responsibilities
related to Americans access to health coverage to review agency actions to identify ways to continue to expand the
availability of affordable health coverage. The continued expansion of the
government s role in the U.S. healthcare industry may further lower rates of reimbursement for pharmaceutical products. While we are
unable to predict the likelihood of changes to the Affordable Care Act or other healthcare laws which may negatively impact our
profitability, we continue to closely monitor all changes. 

President
Biden intends, as his predecessor did, to take action against drug prices which are considered high. The most likely
time to address this would be in the reauthorization of the Prescription Drug User Fee Act PDUFA in 2022 as part of
a package bill. Drug pricing continues to be a subject of debate at the executive and legislative levels of U.S. government. The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 signed into law by President
Biden on March 14, 2021 includes a provision that will eliminate the statutory cap on rebates drug manufacturers pay to Medicaid
beginning in January 2024. With the elimination of the cap, manufacturers may be required to compensate states in an amount greater
than what the state Medicaid programs pay for the drug. Additionally, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 contains substantial drug pricing reforms, including the establishment
of a drug price negotiation program within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services that would require manufacturers to charge
a negotiated maximum fair price for certain selected drugs or pay an excise tax for noncompliance, the establishment of
rebate payment requirements on manufacturers of certain drugs payable under Medicare Parts B and D to penalize price increases that outpace
inflation, and requires manufacturers to provide discounts on Part D drugs. Substantial penalties can be assessed for noncompliance with
the drug pricing provisions in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 could have the effect of reducing
the prices we can charge and reimbursement we receive for our products, if approved, thereby reducing our profitability, and could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. The effect of Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 on our business and the pharmaceutical industry in general is not yet known. 

24 

Following
the passage of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, President Biden signed The Executive Order on Lowering Prescription Drug Costs for
Americans, effective October 14, 2022. This Executive Order is intended to drive down prescription drug costs and attempts to make use
of HHS s Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation Innovation Center ). The Innovation Center tests health care
payment and delivery models with the goal of improving health care quality and ensuring the efficiency of health care delivery. This
Executive Order further requires that HHS consider utilizing the Innovation Center s testing to identify payment and delivery models
that would lower drug costs and promote access to innovative drug therapies for beneficiaries enrolled in Medicare and Medicaid
programs, including models that may lead to lower cost-sharing for commonly used drugs and support value-based payment that promotes
high-quality care. 

At
the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product
pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure
and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 

We expect that additional federal, state and foreign healthcare reform
measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare
products and services, which could result in limited coverage and reimbursement and reduced demand for our products, once approved, or
additional pricing pressures. Additionally,
third-party payors, including governmental payors, managed care organizations and private health insurers, are increasingly challenging
the prices charged for medical products and services and examining their cost effectiveness. The continuing efforts of governments, insurance
companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare and/or impose
price controls may adversely affect: 

the
 demand for our licensed products, 

if
 our Licensors obtain regulatory approvals; 

our
 ability to set a price or obtain reimbursement that we believe is fair for our licensed products; 

our
 ability to generate revenues and achieve or maintain profitability; and 

the
 level of taxes that we are required to pay. 

Any
denial or reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other programs or governments may result in a similar denial or reduction in payments
from private payors, which may adversely affect our future profitability. 

25 

To
date, we have a relatively short history of sales of our licensed products in the United States. 

We
have limited relatively short history of sales of our licensed products to date. The Biofrontera Group, including Biofrontera as a wholly
owned subsidiary of Biofrontera AG at the time, launched the commercialization of Ameluz and the RhodoLED lamp
for actinic keratosis in the United States in October 2016 and we have a limited history of marketing our licensed products in the United
States. In addition, we began marketing the drug Xepi in the United States following our acquisition of Cutanea in March
2019 and have a limited history of marketing Xepi in the United States. While our licensed products have gained acceptance
in the markets we serve, our licensed products may never generate substantial revenue or profits for us. We must establish a larger market
for our licensed products and build that market through marketing campaigns to increase awareness of, and confidence by doctors in, our
licensed products. We expect this to continue to be even more challenging in the near term as a result of current measures and regulations
implemented by governments worldwide in an attempt to control the COVID-19 pandemic, which may lead to declining demand in some of our
markets in the foreseeable future for our licensed products as different priorities for medical treatments emerge, thereby causing a
delay of actinic keratosis treatment for most patients. If we are unable to expand our current customer base and obtain market acceptance
of our licensed products, our operations could be disrupted and our business may be materially adversely affected. Even if we achieve
profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability. 

Competing
products and future emerging products may erode sales of our licensed products. 

Reimbursement
issues affect the economic competitiveness of our licensed products as compared to other therapies. See Insurance coverage
and medical expense reimbursement may be limited or unavailable in certain market segments for our licensed products, which could make
it difficult for us to sell our licensed products . 

Our
industry is subject to rapid, unpredictable and significant technological change and intense competition. Our competitors may succeed
in developing, acquiring, or licensing on an exclusive basis, products that are safer, more effective or more desirable than our licensed
products. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we have. In addition,
several of these companies have significantly greater experience than we or our Licensors do in developing products, conducting preclinical
and clinical testing, obtaining regulatory approvals to market products for health care, and marketing healthcare products. 

Mergers
and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors.
Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of
capital for investment in these industries. 

We
cannot guarantee that new drugs or future developments in drug technologies will not have a material adverse effect on our business.
Increased competition could result in price reductions, lower levels of government or other third-party reimbursements, failure to achieve
market acceptance and loss of market share, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Further, we cannot give any assurance that developments by our competitors or future competitors will not render our technologies obsolete
or less advantageous. 

We
face significant competition from other pharmaceutical and medical device companies and our operating results will suffer if we fail
to compete effectively. We also must compete with existing treatments, such as simple curettage and cryotherapy, which do not involve
the use of a drug but have gained significant market acceptance. 

The
pharmaceutical and medical device industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Our competitors may be able
to develop other products that are able to achieve similar or better results for the treatment of actinic keratosis. We expect that our
future competitors will include mostly established pharmaceutical companies, such as Sun Pharma (DUSA) and Galderma. Most of our competitors
have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development staffs and experienced marketing
and manufacturing organizations and well-established sales forces. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial
applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. 

26 

Our
competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing products that are more effective or less costly than our licensed products
and product candidates. In addition, our licensed products compete with other therapies, such as simple curettage and, particularly in
the United States, cryotherapy, which do not involve the use of a drug but have gained significant market acceptance. 

If
we are not able to compete effectively with the competitors and competing therapies, we may lose significant market share in the relevant
markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations and financial condition. 

If
we are unable to maintain effective marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our
licensed products, we may be unable to generate revenue growth. 

In
order to grow the market for our licensed products, especially a newer licensed product like Xepi , we must continue to
build our marketing, sales and distribution capabilities in the United States. The development and training of our sales force and related
compliance plans to market our licensed products are expensive and time consuming and can potentially delay the growth of sales of our
licensed products. In the event we are not successful in expanding our marketing and sales infrastructure, we may not be able to successfully
grow the market our licensed products, which would limit our revenue growth. 

The
U.S. market size for Ameluz for the treatment of actinic keratosis may be smaller than we have estimated. 

The
public data regarding the market for actinic keratosis treatments in the United States may be incomplete. Therefore, some of our estimates
and judgments are based on various sources which we have not independently verified and which potentially include outdated information,
or information that may not be precise or correct, potentially rendering the U.S. market size for treatment of actinic keratosis with
Ameluz smaller than we have estimated, which may reduce our potential and ability to increase sales of Ameluz 
 and revenue in the United States. Although we have not independently verified the data obtained from these sources, we believe
that such data provide the best available information relating to the present market for actinic keratosis treatments in the United States,
and we often use such data for our business and planning purposes. 

If
our Licensors face allegations of noncompliance with the law and encounter sanctions, their reputation, revenues and liquidity may suffer,
and our licensed products could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market. 

Any
government investigation of alleged violations of the law could require our Licensors to expend significant time and resources in response
and could generate negative publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect
our ability to commercialize and generate revenues from our licensed products. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval
is withdrawn, the value of our company and our operating results will be adversely affected. Additionally, if we are unable to generate
revenues from our product sales, our potential for achieving profitability will be diminished and the capital necessary to fund our operations
will be increased. 

27 

Even
if our Licensors obtain regulatory approvals for our licensed products, or approvals extending their indications, they may not gain market
acceptance or become widely accepted among hospitals, physicians, health care payors, patients and others in the medical community. 

In
May 2016, Biofrontera Bioscience received approval from the FDA to market in the United States. Ameluz in combination
with photodynamic therapy using the BF-RhodoLED lamp for lesion-directed and field-directed treatment of actinic keratoses
of mild-to-moderate severity on the face and scalp. We launched the commercialization of Ameluz and the BF-RhodoLED 
 lamp for actinic keratosis in the United States in October 2016. Even with regulatory approval, Ameluz may not
receive wide acceptance among hospitals, physicians, health care payors, patients and others in the medical community. In addition, Xepi 
 received approval from the FDA in 2017 and may not gain market acceptance over time. Market acceptance of any of our licensed products
depends on a number of factors, including: 

the
 clinical indications for which they are approved, including any restrictions placed upon the product in connection with its approval,
 such as patient registry or labeling restriction; 

the
 product labeling, including warnings, precautions, side effects, and contraindications that the FDA or other regulatory authorities
 approve; 

the
 potential and perceived advantages of our product candidates over alternative products or therapies; 

relative
 convenience and ease of administration; 

the
 effectiveness and compliance of our sales and marketing efforts; 

acceptance
 by major operators of hospitals, physicians and patients of our licensed products or candidates as a safe and effective treatment; 

the
 prevalence and severity of any side effects; 

product
 labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 

any
 Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy that the FDA might require for our drug product candidates; 

the
 timing of market introduction of our licensed product or product candidates as well as competitive products; 

the
 perceived advantages of our licensed products over alternative treatments; 

the
 cost of treatment in relation to alternative products; and 

the
 availability of adequate reimbursement and pricing by third party payors and government authorities, including any conditions for
 reimbursement required by such third-party payors and government authorities. 

If
our licensed products and product candidates are approved, and/or receive label extensions, but fail to achieve market acceptance among
physicians, patients, payors, or others in the medical community in the United States, we will not be able to generate significant revenues,
which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

With
respect to our licensed products, we may be subject to healthcare laws, regulation and enforcement. Our failure to comply with those
laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
may be subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the U.S. federal government and by authorities in the United States.
Such U.S. laws include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, federal false claims, privacy, security, financial disclosure
laws, anti-trust, Physician Payment Sunshine Act reporting, fair trade regulation and advertising laws and regulations. Many states and
other jurisdictions have similar laws and regulations, some of which are broader in scope. If our operations are found to be in violation
of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including, but not limited
to, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, the exclusion from participation
in federal, state or other healthcare programs and imprisonment, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business
and our financial results. 

Increased
Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General (OIG), scrutiny on the sale of products through specialty pharmacies or through
physician practices by means of direct investigation or by issuance of unfavorable Opinion Letters which may curtail or hinder the sales
of our licensed products based on risk of enforcement upon ourselves or our buyers. The OIG continues to make modifications to existing
Anti-Kickback Statute, or AKS, safe harbors which may increase liability and risk for our company as well as adversely impact sales relationships.
On November 20, 2020, OIG issued the final rule for Safe Harbors under the Federal AKS. This new final rule creates additional safe harbors
including ones pertaining to patient incentives. OIG is able to modify safe harbors as well as regulatory compliance requirements which
could impact out business adversely. 

The
majority of states also have statutes or regulations similar to these federal laws, which apply to items and services reimbursed under
Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payer. In addition, some states have laws that require
pharmaceutical companies to adopt comprehensive compliance programs. Certain states also mandate the tracking and require reporting of
gifts, compensation, and other remuneration paid by us to physicians and other health care providers. 

28 

In
September 2010, OIG issued a Special Advisory Bulletin to notify drug manufacturers that OIG intended to pursue enforcement actions against
drug manufacturers that failed to submit timely average manufacturer price, or AMP, and average sales price, or ASP, information. The
Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires manufacturers to enter into and have in effect a national rebate agreement with the Secretary of
Health and Human Services in order for Medicaid payments to be available for the manufacturer s covered outpatient drugs. Companies
with such rebate agreements are required to submit certain drug pricing information to CMS, including quarterly and monthly pricing data.
There has been an increased level of federal enforcement against drug manufacturers that have failed to provide timely and accurate pricing
information to the government. Since September 2010, OIG has settled 13 cases against drug manufacturers relating to drug price reporting
issues, totaling approximately 18.5 million. We expect continued enforcement directed at companies that fail to make accurate and timely
price reports. If we were found to make the required pricing disclosures, we could incur significant expense and delay. 

A
recall of our licensed drug or medical device products, or the discovery of serious safety issues with our licensed drug or medical device
products, could have a significant negative impact on us. 

The
FDA and other relevant regulatory agencies have the authority to require or request the recall of commercialized products in the event
of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture or in the event that a product poses an unacceptable risk to health. Manufacturers
may, under their own initiative, recall a product. A government-mandated or voluntary recall by us or one of our distributors could occur
as a result of an unacceptable risk to health, component failures, manufacturing errors, design or labeling defects or other deficiencies
and issues. Recalls of our licensed products would divert managerial and financial resources and have an adverse effect on our and our
Licensors reputation, financial condition and operating results, which could impair our or our Licensors ability to market,
sell or produce our licensed products in a cost-effective and timely manner. 

Further,
under the FDA s medical device reporting, or MDR, regulations, our Licensors are required to report to the FDA any event which
reasonably suggests that our licensed product may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or in which our licensed product
malfunctioned and, if the malfunction of the same or similar device marketed by us were to recur, would likely cause or contribute to
death or serious injury. The FDA also requires reporting of serious, life-threatening, unexpected and other adverse drug experiences
and the submission of periodic safety reports and other information. Product malfunctions or other adverse event reports may result in
a voluntary or involuntary product recall and other adverse actions, which could divert managerial and financial resources, impair our
and our Licensors ability to market, sell or manufacture our licensed products in a cost-effective and timely manner and have
an adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition and operating results. 

Any
adverse event involving our licensed products could result in future voluntary corrective actions, such as recalls or customer notifications,
or regulatory agency action, which could include inspection, mandatory recall or other enforcement action. Any corrective action, whether
voluntary or involuntary, will require the dedication of our Licensors time and capital, distract our Licensors management
from operating their business and may harm our and our Licensors reputation and financial results as well as threaten our marketing
authority for such products. 

Our
licensed medical device product, the RhodoLED lamp, is subject to extensive governmental regulation, and failure to comply
with applicable requirements could cause our business to suffer. 

The
medical device industry in the United States is regulated extensively by governmental authorities, principally the FDA and corresponding
state agencies. The regulations are very complex and are subject to rapid change and varying interpretations. Regulatory restrictions
or changes could limit our ability to carry on or expand our operations or result in higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated
sales. The FDA and other U.S. governmental agencies regulate numerous elements of our and our Licensors business, including: 

product
 design and development; 

pre-clinical
 and clinical testing and trials; 

product
 safety; 

establishment
 registration and product listing; 

distribution; 

labeling,
 manufacturing and storage; 

pre-market
 clearance or approval; 

advertising
 and promotion; 

marketing,
 manufacturing, sales and distribution; 

relationships
 and communications with health care providers; 

adverse
 event reporting; 

market
 exclusivity; 

servicing
 and post-market surveillance; and 

recalls
 and field safety corrective actions. 

29 

We
are working to commercialize a new lamp, the RhodoLED XL, which was approved by the FDA on October 21,
2021 and allows use of Ameluz on more distant Actinic Keratosis lesions. Management believes that this new lamp, could
provide new business growth opportunities for our company. In the United States, according to FDA guidance, products for PDT, such as
Ameluz gel and its corresponding lamp(s), must be approved as combination products that cover both the drug and the lamp.
In May 2016, the Biofrontera Group (which included Biofrontera prior to our initial public offering) received approval from the FDA to
market in the United States Ameluz in combination with photodynamic therapy using the BF-RhodoLED lamp
for lesion-directed and field-directed treatment of actinic keratoses of mild-to-moderate severity on the face and scalp. The applicable
office of the FDA has determined that if the Ameluz Licensor develops a new lamp to be used with Ameluz , beyond the existing
approved RhodoLED lamp series, the Ameluz Licensor must seek a new approval utilizing the New Drug Application 
procedure. As part of a drug/device combination, the lamp is by definition classified as a class III medical device and as such requires
a premarket approval, or PMA, by the FDA. A new lamp will also require changes in the Prescribing Information of the drug.
If the Ameluz Licensor develops this new lamp, once the Ameluz Licensor s PMA application is submitted to the FDA as part of this
approval process, it may take more than six months, plus, if needed, time required to answer questions or provide additional data. Prior
to submission, the Ameluz Licensor will need to perform final tests on the lamp prototype, including technical tests by a certified laboratory
and a usability study. During the process, there is a risk that the FDA might ask for additional tests or even clinical trials, and there
is no assurance that the Ameluz Licensor will be able to satisfy the FDA s requests for additional tests or trials in a timely
manner, or at all, and there is no assurance that the Ameluz Licensor will be able to develop this new lamp, or obtain approval to use
it in the United States for PDT treatment of actinic keratosis in combination with Ameluz . 

The
FDA can delay, limit or deny clearance or approval of a device for many reasons, including: 

the
 Biofrontera Group s inability to demonstrate that its products are safe and effective for their intended uses or substantially
 equivalent to a predicate device; 

the
 data from the Biofrontera Group s clinical trials may not be sufficient to support clearance or approval; and 

the
 manufacturing process or facilities we use may not meet applicable requirements. 

In
addition, the FDA and other regulatory authorities may change their respective clearance and approval policies, adopt additional regulations
or revise existing regulations, or take other actions which may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our licensed products under
development or impact our ability to modify our currently cleared or approved products on a timely basis. 

Any
delay in, or failure to receive or maintain, clearance or approval for such products under development that we expect to license could
prevent us from generating revenue from these products or achieving profitability. Additionally, the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory
authorities have broad enforcement powers. Regulatory enforcement or inquiries, or other increased scrutiny of us, could dissuade some
customers from using our licensed products and adversely affect our reputation and the perceived safety and efficacy of our licensed
products. 

Failure
to comply with applicable regulations could jeopardize our ability to sell our licensed products and result in enforcement actions against
our Licensors such as fines, civil penalties, injunctions, warning letters, Form 483 reports, recalls of products, delays in the introduction
of products into the market, refusal of the FDA or other regulators to grant future clearances or approvals, and the suspension or withdrawal
of existing approvals by the FDA or other regulators. Any of these sanctions could result in higher than anticipated costs or lower than
anticipated sales and have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results. 

30 

As
a result of our current IT infrastructure and German-based subsidiary, we are subject to governmental regulation and other legal obligations in the EU and
European Economic Area, or EEA, related to privacy, data protection and data security and, as a result of our sales in California,
the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our
business. 

We
are subject to diverse laws and regulations relating to data privacy and security in the EU and eventually in the EEA, including Regulation
2016/679, known as the GDPR. The GDPR applies extraterritorially and implements stringent operational requirements for controllers and
processors of personal data. New global privacy rules are being enacted and existing ones are being updated and strengthened. We are
likely to be required to expend capital and other resources to ensure ongoing compliance with these laws and regulations. 

Complying
with these numerous, complex and often changing regulations is expensive and difficult. Failure by us, any partners, our service providers,
or our employees or contractors to comply with the GDPR could result in regulatory investigations, enforcement notices and/or fines of
up to the higher of 20 million or up to 4 of our total worldwide annual revenue. In addition to the foregoing, a breach of privacy
laws or data security laws, particularly those resulting in a significant security incident or breach involving the misappropriation,
loss or other unauthorized use or disclosure of sensitive or confidential patient or consumer information, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, reputation and financial condition. 

As
a data controller, we are accountable for any third-party service providers we engage to process personal data on our behalf. We attempt
to mitigate the associated risks by performing security assessments and due diligence of our vendors and requiring all such third-party
providers with data access to sign agreements and obligating them to only process data according to our instructions and to take sufficient
security measures to protect such data. There is no assurance that these contractual measures and our own privacy and security-related
safeguards will protect us from the risks associated with the third-party processing, storage and transmission of such information. Any
violation of data or security laws by our third-party processors could have a material adverse effect on our business and result in the
fines and penalties outlined above. 

Where
we transfer personal data of EU citizens or anyone residing in the EU out of the EU and EEA, we do so in compliance with the relevant
data export requirements from time to time. There is currently ongoing litigation challenging the commonly used transfer mechanism, the
EU Commission approved model clauses. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union, or CJEU, issued a judgment which
annulled, without granting a grace or transition period, the European Commission s Decision (EU) 2016/1250 of July 12, 2016 on
the adequacy of the protection provided by the U.S. Privacy Shield (a mechanism for complying with data protection requirements when
transferring personal data from the EU to the United States). Accordingly, such framework is not a valid mechanism to comply with EU
data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the European Union to the United States. To the extent that we were
to rely on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, we will not be able to do so in the future, which could increase our costs and limit
our ability to process personal data from the EU. The same decision also cast doubt on the viability of one of the primary alternatives
to the U.S. Privacy Shield, namely, the European Commission s Standard Contractual Clauses, as a vehicle for such transfers in
all circumstances. Use of the standard contractual clauses must now be assessed on a case-by-case basis taking into account the legal
regime applicable in the destination country, in particular applicable surveillance laws and rights of individuals and additional measures
and/or contractual provisions may need to be put in place, however, the nature of these additional measures is currently uncertain. The
CJEU went on to state that if a competent supervisory authority believes that the Standard Contractual Clauses cannot be complied with
in the destination country and the required level of protection cannot be secured by other means, such supervisory authority is under
an obligation to suspend or prohibit that transfer. At present, there are few, if any, viable alternatives to the Standard Contractual
Clauses, and the law in this area remains dynamic. These changes may require us to find alternative bases for the compliant transfer
of personal data outside the EEA and we are monitoring developments in this area. 

31 

The
GDPR is directly applicable in each EU Member State, however, it provides that EU Member States may introduce further conditions, including
limitations which could limit our ability to collect, use and share personal data (including health and medical information), or could
cause our compliance costs to increase, ultimately having an adverse impact on our business. The GDPR imposes onerous accountability
obligations requiring data controllers and processors to maintain a record of their data processing and implement policies as part of
its mandated privacy governance framework. It also requires data controllers to be transparent and disclose to data subjects (in a concise,
intelligible and easily accessible form) how their personal information is to be used, imposes limitations on retention of personal data;
defines for the first time pseudonymized i.e. , key-coded) data; introduces mandatory data breach notification requirements; and
sets higher standards for data controllers to demonstrate that they have obtained valid consent for certain data processing activities.
In addition to the foregoing, a breach of the GDPR could result in regulatory investigations, reputational damage, orders to cease/change
our use of data, enforcement notices, as well potential civil claims including class action type litigation where individuals suffer
harm. 

On
January 1, 2020, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, which, among other things, requires
new disclosures to California consumers and affords such consumers new abilities to opt out of certain sales of personal information. This Act also applies to any information of certain patients that a drug company may
possess. It remains unclear what, if any, modifications will be made to this legislation or how it will be interpreted in the years
to come. The effects of the CCPA potentially are significant, however, and may require us to modify our data processing practices
and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. As a general matter, compliance with laws,
regulations, and any applicable rules or guidance from self-regulatory organizations relating to privacy, data protection,
information security and consumer protection, may result in substantial costs and may necessitate changes to our business practices,
which may compromise our growth strategy, adversely affect our ability to acquire customers, and otherwise adversely affect our
business, financial condition and operating results. Noncompliance with CCPA could result in regulatory investigations, reputational
damage, orders to cease/change our use of data, enforcement notices, as well potential civil claims including class action type
litigation where individuals suffer harm. Since its enactment, four (4) additional states Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia have enacted
comprehensive consumer data privacy laws similar to the CCPA, indicating a potential trend that may continue to spread across the U.S. 

We
are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may
be unable to successfully implement our business strategy. 

Our
ability to compete in the highly competitive pharmaceutical industry depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified
managerial, scientific and medical personnel with specialized scientific and technical skills. We are highly dependent on our
management, scientific, medical and operations personnel, including Erica Monaco, our Chief Executive Officer, Prof. Dr. Hermann
L bbert, our Executive Chairman and Fred Leffler, our Chief Financial Officer. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other key employees and our
inability to find suitable replacements could potentially harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of
operations. 

Despite
our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management team may terminate their employment with us on short notice. Although
we have, or are in the process of negotiating, employment agreements with our key employees, these employees could leave our employment
at any time, with certain notice periods. We do not maintain key man insurance policies on the lives of these individuals
or the lives of any of our other employees. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly
skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level and senior scientific and medical personnel and sales representatives. 

Many
of the other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies that we compete against for qualified personnel have greater financial and other
resources, different risk profiles and a longer history in the industry than we do. They may also provide more diverse opportunities
and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high quality candidates than what we
can offer. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, our ability to commercialize our licensed products
will be limited. 

32 

Our
employees may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 

We
are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with
FDA regulations, provide accurate information to the FDA, comply with manufacturing standards we have established, comply with healthcare
fraud and abuse laws and regulations, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular,
sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent
fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices in the United States as well as in any other jurisdictions where we conduct
our business. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales
commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information
obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions, inability to obtain product approval and serious
harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and any precautions we take to detect and
prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental
investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions
are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant
impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 

We
will need to grow the size of our organization and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 81 employees. In the longer term, as our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop,
and as we continue operating as a public company, we expect to need additional managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial and
other personnel. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 

identifying,
 recruiting, integrating, maintaining and motivating existing or additional employees; and 

improving
 our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 

Our
future financial performance and our ability to commercialize and market our licensed products will depend, in part, on our ability to
effectively manage any future growth, and our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from
day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. If we are not able to effectively
expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully
implement the tasks necessary to commercialize our licensed products and, accordingly, may not achieve our commercialization goals. 

Due
to our ongoing assessment of the size of the required sales force, we may be required to hire substantially more sales representatives
to adequately support the commercialization and marketing of our licensed products or we may incur excess costs as a result of hiring
more sales representatives than necessary. We may be competing with companies that currently have extensive and well-funded marketing
and sales operations. 

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures, cyber-attacks or a deficiency in our cyber-security. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our current and future contract and research organizations,
or CROs, and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters,
terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks
or cyber-intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number,
intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. While we have not experienced
any such material system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our
operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations. To the extent that any
disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential
or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development and commercialization of our licensed products and product
candidates could be delayed. 

33 

If
product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization
of our licensed products. 

We
face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our licensed products and face an even greater risk
if we commercialize our licensed products on a larger scale. For example, we may be sued if our licensed products allegedly cause injury
or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims
may include allegations of defects in manufacturing; defects in design; a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence,
strict liability; and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully
defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of
our licensed products and product candidates. Even a successful defense would require significant financial and management resources.
Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

costs
 to defend litigation and other proceedings; 

a
 diversion of management s time and our resources; 

decreased
 demand for our licensed products; 

injury
 to our reputation; 

withdrawal
 of clinical trial participants; 

initiation
 of investigations by regulators; 

product
 recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

loss
 of revenue; 

substantial
 monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

exhaustion
 of any available insurance and our capital resources; 

the
 inability to commercialize our licensed products; and 

a
 decline in our share price. 

We
currently maintain product liability insurance. If such insurance is not sufficient, or if we are not able to obtain such insurance at
an acceptable cost in the future, potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our licensed products
and the products we license in the future. A successful claim could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Additionally, we cannot guarantee that continued product liability insurance coverage will be available in the future at acceptable costs. 

Failure
to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other applicable anti-corruption legislation could result in fines, criminal
penalties and an adverse effect on our business. 

We
do business with Licensors in a number of countries throughout the world. We are committed to doing business in accordance with applicable
anti-corruption laws. We are subject, however, to the risk that our officers, directors, employees, agents and collaborators may take
action determined to be in violation of such anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the U.K.
Bribery Act 2010 and the European Union Anti-Corruption Act, as well as trade sanctions administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets
Control and the U.S. Department of Commerce. Any such violation could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil and/or criminal penalties
or curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions and might adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, actual or alleged
violations could damage our reputation and ability to do business. 

Our
licensed products will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements and we may face future development, manufacturing and regulatory
difficulties. 

Our
licensed drug products Ameluz and Xepi and any other drug products we license or acquire will be subject
to ongoing regulatory requirements for labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, submission of
safety and other post-market approval information, importation and exportation. In addition, approved products, manufacturers and manufacturers 
facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA requirements and the requirements of other similar regulatory authorities, including
ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP requirements. 

Accordingly,
we rely on our Licensors to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production
and quality control. Our Licensors will also be required to report certain adverse reactions and production problems, if any, to the
FDA and other similar regulatory authorities and to comply with certain requirements concerning advertising and promotion for our licensed
products and potential products. 

34 

If
a regulatory authority discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated or unacceptable
severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or disagrees with the promotion, marketing or
labeling of a product, it may impose restrictions on that product, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. If
our licensed products or potential products fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory authority may, among
other actions against our Licensors or applicable third parties: 

issue
 warning letters or Form 483 (or similar) notices requiring our Licensors or applicable third parties to modify certain activities
 or correct certain deficiencies; 

require
 product recalls or impose civil monetary fines; 

mandate
 modifications to promotional materials or require our Licensors to provide corrective information to healthcare practitioners; 

require
 our Licensors or applicable third parties to enter into a consent decree or permanent injunction; 

impose
 other administrative or judicial civil or criminal actions, including monetary or other penalties, or pursue criminal prosecution; 

withdraw
 regulatory approval; 

refuse
 to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by our Licensors; 

impose
 restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or 

seize
 or detain products. 

To
the extent that such adverse actions impact our rights under our license and supply agreements or otherwise restrict our ability to market
our licensed products, they could adversely impact our business and results of operation. 

Generic
manufacturers may launch products at risk of patent infringement. 

If
other manufacturers launch products to compete with our licensed products or product candidates in spite of our Licensors patent
position, these manufacturers would likely erode our market and negatively impact our sales revenues, liquidity and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements 

We
have a history of operating losses and anticipate that we will continue to incur operating losses in the future and may never sustain
profitability. 

We
have incurred losses in each year since inception. Our net loss for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was
 0.6 million and 37.7 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 79.5 million. 

Our
ability to become profitable depends on our ability to further commercialize our principal licensed product Ameluz . Even
if we are successful in increasing our licensed product sales, we may never achieve or sustain profitability. In the long term, we anticipate
increasing our sales and marketing expense as we attempt to exploit the regulatory approvals to market Ameluz in the
United States for the photodynamic therapy treatment of actinic keratoses of mild-to-moderate severity on the face and scalp. There can
be no assurance that our sales and marketing efforts will generate sufficient sales to allow us to become profitable. Moreover, because
of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with commercializing pharmaceutical products, we are unable to predict the extent
of any future losses or when we will become profitable, if ever. 

We
cannot rule out the possibility that we may engage in additional equity or debt financing in the future, which could dilute the voting
rights of stockholders and the value of their shares. If we are unable to achieve profitability over time or to obtain additional equity
or debt financing in such a scenario, this would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

35 

If
we fail to obtain additional financing, we may be unable to pursue our plans for strategic growth, including completing the commercialization
of Xepi and other products we may license. 

Our
operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. Going forward, we expect that we will require significant funds
in order to pursue our plans for strategic growth, including completing the commercialization of the drug Xepi , the rights
to which we acquired in March 2019 through our purchase of Cutanea, and the subsequent merger of Biofrontera and Cutanea. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we received an aggregate of 14 million, including 9.4 million from a private placement, net of
issuance costs, and 4.6 million from warrants exercised for common stock. We believe with the funds available from these
transactions and availability under a working capital line of credit, that we will have sufficient funds to support the operating,
investing, and financing activities of the Company through at least twelve months from the date of the issuance of this Form 10-K.
However, changing circumstances may cause us to consume capital significantly faster than currently anticipated, and we may need to
spend more money than currently expected because of circumstances beyond our control. In addition, if we choose to take significant
steps towards the realization during the current fiscal year of longer-term goals for our strategic growth, we may need to raise
additional capital through debt or equity financing in order to complete those steps during the current fiscal year. Our future
funding requirements, both near- and long-term, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 

the
 effects of competing technological and market developments; 

the
 cost and timing of completion of commercial-scale manufacturing activities; 

the
 cost of establishing or maintaining sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for Ameluz photodynamic therapy
 or other licensed products or potential products in the United States; and 

the
 impact of COVID-19 on our licensor s clinical trials, the timing of regulatory approvals obtained by our Licensors, demand
 for our licensed products, our ability to market and sell our licensed products and other matters. 

We
cannot be certain that additional funding for any purpose will be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to
raise additional capital in sufficient amounts and on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue
the commercialization of our licensed products or other plans for strategic growth. We also could be required to license our rights to
our licensed products and product candidates to third parties on unfavorable terms. In addition, any equity financing would likely result
in dilution to holders of our securities, and any debt financing would likely involve significant cash payment obligations and include
restrictive covenants that may restrict our ability to operate our business. 

Any
of the above events could prevent us from realizing business opportunities or prevent us from growing our business or responding to competitive
pressures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and/or results of operations and
could cause the price of our shares to decline. 

Our
existing and any future indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. 

Under
the Share Purchase and Transfer Agreement dated March 25, 2019 (as amended, the Share Purchase Agreement ), by and among
Biofrontera Newderm LLC, Biofrontera AG, Maruho Co., Ltd. and Cutanea, pursuant to which Biofrontera Newderm Inc. LLC, a wholly owned
subsidiary of Biofrontera Inc., acquired Cutanea from Maruho Co., Ltd., we are required to repay to Maruho Co., Ltd., 3.6 million on
December 31, 2022 and 3.7 million on December 31, 2023 in start-up costs that Maruho Co., Ltd. paid to us, in connection with such acquisition
(not to exceed 7.3 million in the aggregate). 

We
have filed for arbitration against Maruho with the International Chamber of Commerce ICC regarding issues with Maruho s
contract manufacturer that were not disclosed at the time of the Agreement and therefore are evaluating the repayment of the 7.3 million
of start-up costs. The arbitration notes that Maruho breached the agreement with Cutanea due to the undisclosed manufacturing
issues and seeks damages as well as a declaration that we are not obligated to repay Maruho 

In addition, on March 9, 2023, we entered into a commitment
letter (the Commitment Letter with MidCap Business Credit LLC MidCap ), in respect of MidCap s commitment
to provide us with a senior secured asset based revolving line of credit, subject to the borrowing base formula, minimum excess availability
and other terms and conditions thereof, in the aggregate principal amount of up to 6.5 million (the Revolving Facility ).
The Revolving Facility shall be secured by a lien on substantially all of the assets of the Company, subject to customary exceptions.
For additional details regarding the Revolving Facility see Item 9.B. Other Information in this Form 10-K. Entry into the Revolving
Facility will be subject to customary closing conditions, including the execution and delivery of appropriate definitive documentation
related to the Revolving Facility, to include customary representations, warranties, covenants, events of default and other terms and
conditions, and there can be no assurance that such closing conditions will be satisfied or that the Revolving Facility will be entered
into prior to the expiration of MidCap s commitment or at all. 

Our
indebtedness could have significant adverse consequences, including: 

requiring
 us to dedicate a portion of our cash to the payment of interest and principal, reducing money available for working capital, capital
 expenditure, product development and other general corporate purposes; 

increasing
 our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and market conditions; 

increasing
 the risk of dilution to the holders of our shares in the event any of these bonds are exercised for or converted into our ordinary
 shares; 

limiting
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we compete, including changes
 arising as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; and 

placing
 us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors that are better capitalized than we are. 

We
may not have sufficient funds and may be unable to arrange for additional financing to pay the amounts due under our existing debt obligation
to Maruho Co. Ltd. under the terms of such Share Purchase Agreement, and which must be repaid if certain profits from the sale of Cutanea
products the Biofrontera Group agreed to share with Maruho are less than the amount of such start-up costs. 

36 

We
may also engage in debt financing in the future. Failure to make payments or comply with covenants under such debt could result in an
event of default and acceleration of amounts due. If an event of default occurs and the lender or lenders accelerate the amounts due,
we may not be able to make accelerated payments, and such lenders could file suit against us to collect the amounts due under such obligations
or pursue other remedies. In addition, the covenants under such debt obligations could limit our ability to obtain additional debt financing.
If we are unable to satisfy such debt obligations it could have material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition
and/or results of operations. 

The
valuation of our equity investments is subject to volatility. 

The
market valuation of our equity investments, especially as it relates to our investment in Biofrontera AG which is publicly traded,
may experience substantial price volatility which, when accounted for under GAAP, could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations. Refer to Note 6, Investments in Equity Securities , to our consolidated
financial statements for information on our equity investments. As
of December 31, 2022, our investment in Biofrontera AG, a foreign publicly held company and significant shareholder, had a balance
of 10.5 million. Our shares of Biofrontera AG are carried in our consolidated balance sheets at fair value based on the closing
price of the shares owned on the last trading day of the reporting period. Those investments
can be negatively affected by market and economic factors including liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, interest
rate fluctuations, or other factors. Although we intend to liquidate our investment in Biofrontera AG within the next twelve months,
we cannot guarantee that we will able to do so within that timeframe. As a result, as long as we hold these equity investments,
 future fluctuations in their value could result
in significant losses and could have a material adverse impact on the Company s financial condition and results of
operations. 

Risks
Related to Corporate Governance, Including Being a Public Company 

We
previously identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, resulting from control deficiencies related
to management s review of work performed by specialists. If we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise
fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition
or results of operations, which may adversely affect our business and stock price. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

In
connection with the audit of our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021, we identified a material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting. The material weakness we identified pertains to management s review of work performed
by specialists; as the Company s management review control over information provided to and produced by a third-party specialist
was not sufficiently precise to identify errors in the valuation of an intangible asset. Specifically, as part of the initial valuation
of an intangible asset in connection with the Cutanea acquisition we failed to identify a computational error within the valuation model
for the Xepi intangible asset. In addition, in 2021 an error in the valuation of the same intangible asset was identified
relating to insufficient information being provided to the third-party specialist in connection with an impairment assessment. 

We
have taken steps to enhance our internal control environment and continue to address the underlying cause of the material weakness with
the implementation of additional controls including those designed to strengthen our review and validation of the work product from third-party
service providers. As of December 31, 2022, the steps we have taken to date were determined to be sufficient to remediate this material
weakness.
As a result, management has concluded that the material weakness was fully remediated as of December 31, 2022. 

If
we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may
not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence
in us and, as a result, our stock price. 

We
have incurred, and will continue to incur, increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required
to devote substantial time to compliance with our public company responsibilities and corporate governance practices. 

As
a public company, and particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company, we have incurred and will continue
to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
or the Sarbanes Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of Nasdaq, and other
applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel will
need to devote a substantial amount of time to compliance with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase
our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. If, notwithstanding our efforts
to comply with new or changing laws, regulations and standards, we fail to comply, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings
against us, and our business may be harmed. Further, failure to comply with these laws, regulations and standards may make it more difficult
and more expensive for us to obtain directors and officers liability insurance, which could make it more difficult for
us to attract and retain qualified members to serve on our board of directors or committees or as members of senior management. We cannot
predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we will incur as a public company or the timing of such costs. 

37 

As
a result of becoming a public company, we are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial
reporting and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our company
and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 

We
will be required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act, or Section 404, to furnish a report by management on, among other
things, the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. This assessment
will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal controls over financial reporting.
Our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial
reporting until our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC following the date we are no longer an emerging growth company,
as defined in the JOBS Act. At such time as we are required to obtain auditor attestation, if we then have a material weakness, we would
receive an adverse opinion regarding our internal control over financial reporting from our independent registered public accounting
firm. We will be required to disclose significant changes made in our internal control procedures on a quarterly basis. 

We
have already begun the process of compiling the system and processing documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply
with Section 404 and anticipate we will be able to complete our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion.
Our compliance with Section 404 will require that we incur additional legal, accounting and other compliance expense and expend significant
management efforts. We currently do not have an internal audit group, and although we have accounting and finance staff with appropriate
public company experience and technical accounting knowledge, we may need to hire additional consultants or staff to perform the evaluation
needed to comply with Section 404. 

During
the evaluation and testing process of our internal controls, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting are effective. For example, in connection
with the audits of our financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we identified a material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting. See We previously identified a material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting, resulting from control deficiencies related to management s review of work performed by specialists. If we
identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may
not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect our business
and stock price. 

We
cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, and are continuing to implement, will be sufficient to avoid additional material
weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain effective
internal controls over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results
of operations. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered
public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting,
we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of shares of our common
stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure
to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control
systems required of public companies, could also negatively impact our ability to access to the capital markets. 

In
addition, effective disclosure controls and procedures enable us to make timely and accurate disclosure of financial and non-financial
information that we are required to disclose. As a public company, if our disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective, we may
be unable to report our financial results or make other disclosures accurately on a timely basis, which could cause our reported financial
results or other disclosures to be materially misstated and result in the loss of investor confidence and cause the market price of our
securities. 

38 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable
to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting
new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to use this exemption
from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other
public companies that have not made this election. 

For
as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we also intend to take advantage of certain other exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote
on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors
will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross
revenue of 1.235 billion or more; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the closing of
our initial public offering; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous
three fiscal years; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Even after we no longer qualify as an
emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company, which would allow us to continue to take
advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements, including presenting only the two most recent fiscal years of
audited financial statements and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in this Form 10-K and
our periodic reports and proxy statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which
(1) the market value of our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior the end of our second
fiscal quarter ending December 31 st of each year, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal
year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior to the end of our second
fiscal quarter ending December 31 st of each year. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations,
it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Risks
Related to Our Securities and Ownership of Our Common Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, Biofrontera AG beneficially owns 30.0 of our outstanding shares of common stock and will be able to exert significant
control over matters subject to stockholder approval, and its interests may conflict with ours or other stockholders in the future. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Biofrontera AG beneficially owns in the aggregate approximately 30.0 of our outstanding voting stock and will
continue to exert significant influence on the company. In addition, Biofrontera AG s beneficial ownership would be further
reduced by the exercise of any of the 9,197,109 outstanding warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering and private placements.
However, it would likely continue to have a significant portion (and perhaps even a majority) of the voting power in a shareholder
meeting. As a result, Biofrontera AG will have the ability to significantly influence us through this ownership position.
Biofrontera AG may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, Biofrontera AG may be able to
control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, our financing and dividend policy and approval of any
merger, sale of assets or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or
offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders . 

39 

Moreover,
because of the significant ownership position held by Biofrontera AG and our classified board structure, new investors may not be able
to effect a change in the Company s business or management, and therefore, stockholders would be subject to decisions made by management
and Biofrontera AG. 

Biofrontera
AG s interests may differ from our interests and the interests of our other stockholders, and therefore actions Biofrontera AG
takes with respect to us, as a significant shareholder, including under the Ameluz LSA, may not be favorable to us or our public stockholders.
For a discussion of the risks related to our license agreement with Biofrontera AG, see Risks Related to the License and Supply
Agreements and Our Licensed Products . 

Furthermore,
Biofrontera AG is a public company with a comparatively low amount of shares that are regularly traded and several shareholders who each
hold a significant stake in Biofrontera AG. Any of these shareholders may exert their influence on Biofrontera AG by voting in favor
of proposals that are in their individual interest or electing members to Biofrontera AG s supervisory board who could act to align
Biofrontera AG s actions with the interests of such shareholders. Under German law, company management must obtain the consent
of the supervisory board for certain actions. Since 2017, several legal actions have been filed by one of Biofrontera AG s significant
shareholders opposing resolutions passed at the shareholders meetings, including actions for annulment and rescission of resolutions
related to financing transactions undertaken by Biofrontera AG and they could seek to cause Biofrontera AG to take actions as our significant
shareholder that no longer support our strategy as set forth in this Form 10-K and may be contrary to the interests of our other stockholders. 

If
Biofrontera AG sells a controlling interest in our company to a third party in a private transaction, you may not realize any change-of-control
premium on shares of our common stock and we may become subject to the control of a presently unknown third party. 

Although
Biofrontera AG holds less than the majority of the voting power of our common stock, it may still exert a controlling influence over
us, since many shares of our common stock are held by retail investors who may not vote at shareholder meetings. The ability of Biofrontera
AG to privately sell its shares of our common stock, with no requirement for a concurrent offer to be made to acquire all of the shares
of our common stock held by our other stockholders, could prevent you from realizing any change-of-control premium on your shares of
our common stock that may otherwise accrue to Biofrontera AG on its private sale of our common stock. Additionally, if Biofrontera AG
privately sells its controlling equity interest in our company, we may become subject to the control of a presently unknown third party.
Such third party may have conflicts of interest with those of other stockholders. In addition, if Biofrontera AG sells a controlling
interest in our company to a third party, our indebtedness may be subject to acceleration, and our other commercial agreements and relationships,
including any remaining agreements with Biofrontera AG, could be impacted, all of which may adversely affect our ability to run our business
as described herein and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Provisions
of our outstanding warrants could discourage an acquisition of us by a third party. 

In
addition to the discussion of the provisions of our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, certain provisions of our outstanding
warrants could make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire us. The warrants prohibit us from engaging in certain
transactions constituting fundamental transactions unless, among other things, the surviving entity assumes our obligations
under the warrants. These and other provisions of our outstanding warrants could prevent or deter a third party from acquiring us even
where the acquisition could be beneficial to you. 

Our
share price may be volatile, and you may be unable to sell your shares and/or warrants at or above the offering price. 

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to many risk factors
listed in this section, and others beyond our control, including: 

the
 success of existing or new competitive products or technologies; 

regulatory
 actions with respect to Ameluz , the BF-RhodoLED lamp (and its successors) or Xepi or
 our competitors products; 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results, including fluctuations in our quarterly and annual
 results; 

announcements
 of innovations by us, our Licensors or our competitors; 

overall
 conditions in our industry and the markets in which we operate; 

market
 conditions or trends in the biotechnology industry or in the economy as a whole; 

addition
 or loss of significant healthcare providers or other developments with respect to significant healthcare providers; 

changes
 in laws or regulations applicable to Ameluz , the BF-RhodoLED lamp (and its successors) or Xepi ; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors; 

announcements
 by us, our Licensors or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

issuance
 of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts; 

fluctuations
 in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 

disputes
 or other developments related to the patents covering our licensed products, and our Licensors ability to obtain intellectual
 property protection for our licensed products; 

security
 breaches; 

litigation
 matters; 

announcement
 or expectation of additional financing efforts; 

sales
 of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 

share
 price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; 

the
 expiration of contractual lock-up agreements with our executive officers, directors and stockholders; and 

general
 economic and market conditions. 

40 

Furthermore,
the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity
securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those
companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions,
interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. In the past,
companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities litigation. This risk is
especially relevant for biopharmaceutical companies, which have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. We may
be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert
our management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 

If
we fail to regain compliance with applicable listing standards, our common stock and publicly-traded warrants could be delisted from
Nasdaq. 

Nasdaq
requires listing issuers to comply with certain standards in order to remain listed on its exchange. If, for any reason, Nasdaq should
delist our common stock from trading on its exchange and we are unable to obtain listing on another reputable national securities exchange,
a reduction in some or all of the following may occur, each of which could materially adversely affect our stockholders: 

the
 liquidity and marketability of our common stock and/or publicly-traded warrants; 

the
 market price of our common stock; 

our
 ability to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations; 

the
 number of institutional and general investors that will consider investing in our common stock; 

the
 number of market makers in our common stock; 

the
 availability of information concerning the trading prices and volume of our common stock; and 

the
 number of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in shares of our common stock. 

On
February 24, 2023, we received a letter (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market,
LLC Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of our common stock for the last 30 consecutive business
days, we are no longer in compliance with the requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share for continued listing on
the Nasdaq Capital Market, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) . We were provided a compliance period of 180 calendar days
from the date of the Notice, or until August 23, 2023, to regain compliance with the minimum closing bid requirement, pursuant to Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A). If we fail to regain compliance within the allotted compliance periods,
including any extensions that may be granted by Nasdaq, Nasdaq will provide notice that our common stock and publicly-traded warrants
will be subject to delisting. We would then be entitled to appeal Nasdaq s determination, but there can be no assurance that Nasdaq
would grant our request for continued listing. 

We
will continue to monitor the closing bid price of our common stock and seek to regain compliance with all applicable Nasdaq requirements
within the allotted compliance periods and may, if appropriate, consider available options, including implementation of a reverse stock
split of our common stock, to regain compliance with the minimum closing bid requirement. If we seek to implement a reverse stock split
in order to remain listed on Nasdaq, the announcement or implementation of such a reverse stock split could negatively affect the price
of our common stock and/or publicly-traded warrants. 

In
addition, if we fail to regain compliance to be eligible to trade on Nasdaq or obtain listing on another reputable national securities
exchange, we may have to pursue trading on a less recognized or accepted market, such as the over the counter markets, our stock may
be traded as a penny stock which would make transactions in our stock more difficult and cumbersome, and we may be unable
to access capital on favorable terms or at all, as companies trading on alternative markets may be viewed as less attractive investments
with higher associated risks, such that existing or prospective institutional investors may be less interested in, or prohibited from,
investing in our common stock. This may also cause the market price of our common stock to further decline. 

Future
sales of our common stock in the public market could cause our share price to fall. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur, could
depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity
securities. We had 26,699,002 shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022, of which 18,699,002 shares are freely
tradable without restrictions or further registration required under the Securities Act. The remaining 8,000,000 million shares are
currently unregistered and held by Biofrontera AG. 

Warrants
are exercisable for our common stock, which would increase the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public market and result
in dilution to our stockholders. 

As
of March 10, 2023, we have a total of 9,197,109 outstanding warrants which may each be exercised for one share of our common
stock. All of the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants have been registered on effective registration statements and therefore,
when issued, will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration required under the Securities Act. Any shares of our
common stock issued upon exercise of outstanding warrants will result in dilution to the then existing holders of our common stock and
increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market
could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading
volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about
us or our business. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, we could
lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if our operating
results do not meet the expectations of the investor community, one or more of the analysts who cover our company may change their recommendations
regarding our company, and our stock price could decline. 

41 

Our
quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly. 

We
expect our operating results to be subject to quarterly fluctuations. Our net loss and other operating results will be affected by numerous
factors, including: 

variations
 in the level of expenses related to our marketing efforts; 

any
 litigation, including intellectual property infringement lawsuits related to our licensed products, in which we may become involved; 

regulatory
 developments affecting Ameluz , the BF-RhodoLED lamp (and its successors) or Xepi ; 

our
 execution of any licensing or similar arrangements, and the timing of payments we may make or receive under these arrangements; 

the
 timing of milestone payments under our existing license agreements; and 

the
 level of underlying demand for Ameluz and Xepi and customers buying patterns. 

If
our quarterly operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could
decline substantially. Furthermore, any quarterly fluctuations in our operating results may, in turn, cause the price of our stock to
fluctuate substantially. 

Future
sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase our common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could
result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause the stock price of our common stock to
decline. 

In
the future, we may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in
a manner we determine from time to time. We also expect to issue common stock to employees, consultants and directors pursuant to our
equity incentive plans. If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in subsequent transactions, or common
stock is issued pursuant to equity incentive plans or the Unit Purchase Option, investors may be materially diluted. New investors in
such subsequent transactions could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. 

We
have never paid dividends on our common stock and we do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. Consequently, any gains
from an investment in our common stock will likely depend on whether the price of our common stock increases. 

We
have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate
that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the operation of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination
to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their
common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. For more
information, see the section of this Form 10-K captioned Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources . 

Our
stockholder rights plan, or poison pill, includes terms and conditions which could discourage a takeover or other transaction
that stockholders may consider favorable. 

On
October 24, 2022, stockholders of record at the close of business on that date received a dividend of one right (a Right for each outstanding share of common stock. Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase one one-thousandth of a share of Series
A Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock of the Company (the Preferred Stock ), at a price of 5.00 per one thousandth
of a share of Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment (the Exercise Price ). The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution
Date (as defined below). The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in the Stockholder Rights Agreement between the Company
and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as rights agent, dated as of October 13, 2022. 

The
Rights Agreement imposes a significant penalty upon any person or group that acquires 20 or more (but less than 50 of our then-outstanding
common stock without the prior approval of our board of directors. A person or group that acquires shares of our common stock in excess
of the applicable threshold, subject to certain limited exceptions, is called an Acquiring Person. Any rights held by an
Acquiring Person are void and may not be exercised. A person or group who beneficially owned 20 or more of our outstanding Common Stock
prior to the first public announcement of the adoption of the Rights Agreement will not trigger the Rights Agreement so long as they
do not acquire beneficial ownership of any additional shares of Common Stock at a time when they still beneficially own 20 or more of
such Common Stock. 

The
Rights will not be exercisable until the earlier of ten days after a public announcement by us that a person or group has become an Acquiring
Person and ten business days (or a later date determined by our board of directors) after a person or group begins a tender or an exchange
offer that, if completed, would result in that person or group becoming an Acquiring Person (the earlier of such dates being herein referred
to as the Distribution Date ). At any time after a person becomes an Acquiring Person, the Board of Directors may, at its
option, exchange all or any part of the then outstanding and exercisable Rights for shares of Common Stock at an exchange ratio of one
share of Common Stock for each Right, subject to adjustment as specified in the Rights Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Board of Directors generally will not be empowered to effect such exchange at any time after any person becomes the beneficial owner
of 50 or more of the Common Stock of the Company. 

The
Rights will expire at the close of business on October 13, 2023; provided that if the Company s stockholders have not ratified
the Stockholder Rights Agreement by the close of business on the first day after the Company s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders
(including any adjournments or postponement thereof), the Rights will expire at such time, in each case, unless previously redeemed or
exchanged by the Company. 

The
Rights have certain anti-takeover effects, including potentially discouraging a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. The
Rights will cause substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire us on terms not approved by the board of directors. 

42 

Our
charter documents and Delaware law could prevent a takeover that stockholders consider favorable and could also reduce the market price
of our stock. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contains provisions that could delay or prevent
a change in control of our company. These provisions could also make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors and take other
corporate actions. 

These
provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult
for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. 

In
addition, we are subject to the anti-takeover provisions contained in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL.
Under Section 203 of the DGCL, a corporation may not, in general, engage in a business combination with any holder of 15 or more of
its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other exceptions, the board of directors has approved
the transaction. 

These
and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws and under Delaware
law could discourage potential takeover attempts, reduce the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our
common stock and result in the market price of our common stock being lower than it would be without these provisions. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive
forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, the exclusive forum for: 

any
 derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 

any
 action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or other wrongdoing by, any of our current or former directors, officers,
 employees or our stockholders; 

any
 action asserting a claim against us arising under the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended
 and restated bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time) or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery
 of the State of Delaware; and 

any
 action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal-affairs doctrine. 

However,
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Consequently, the exclusive forum provisions will not apply to suits brought
to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or to any claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

Moreover,
Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any
duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. We note
that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation will further provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the federal district courts are the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a right under the Securities
Act. The Supreme Court of the State of Delaware has held that such provisions are facially valid under Delaware law. While there can
be no assurance that federal or state courts will follow the holding of the Delaware Supreme Court or determine that the provision should
be enforced in a particular case, application of the provision means that suits brought by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Securities Act must be brought in federal court and cannot be brought in state court. 

By
becoming a stockholder in our Company, you will be deemed to have notice of and have consented to the provisions of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation related to choice of forum. This exclusive forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring
a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage
lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees and result in increased costs for investors to bring a claim. If
a court were to find the exclusive forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable
in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could seriously harm
our business. 

43 

Claims
for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us
and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers,
in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 

In
addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL, our amended and restated bylaws and our indemnification agreements that we have entered
into with our directors and officers provide that: 

we
 will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at our request,
 to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person
 acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant
 and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful; 

we
 may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law; 

we
 are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that
 such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled
 to indemnification; 

we
 will not be obligated pursuant to our amended and restated bylaws to indemnify a person with respect to proceedings initiated by
 that person against us or our other indemnitees, except with respect to proceedings authorized by our board of directors or brought
 to enforce a right to indemnification; 

the
 rights conferred in our amended and restated bylaws are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements
 with our directors, officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons; and 

we
 may not retroactively amend our amended and restated bylaw provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors, officers,
 employees and agents. 

Many
of the warrants to purchase shares of our common stock are accounted for as a warrant liability and recorded at fair value with changes
in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

Under
U.S. GAAP, we are required to evaluate the outstanding warrants to purchase our common stock to determine whether they should be
accounted for as a warrant liability or as equity. At each reporting period (1) the accounting treatment of the warrants will be
reevaluated for proper accounting treatment as a liability or equity and (2) the fair value of the liability of the warrants will be
re-measured and the change in the fair value of the liability will be recorded as other income (expense) in our consolidated statement of
operations. Such accounting treatment may adversely affect the market price of our securities. In addition, changes in the inputs
and assumptions for the valuation model we use to determine the fair value of such liability may have a material impact on the
estimated fair value of the warrant liability. As a result, our financial statements and results of operations will fluctuate
quarterly, based on various factors, such as the share price of our common stock, many of which are outside of our control. If our
share price is volatile, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants or any other similar derivative
instruments in each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. The impact of changes in fair
value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

The
warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering, the IPO Warrants were accounted for as equity as these
instruments meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815-40. (See Note 19. Stockholders Equity) 

The
warrants issued in connection with the private placement offerings (completed on December 1 , 2021 and May 16, 2022), as well as
the Inducement Warrants issued on July 26, 2022 were accounted for as liabilities as these warrants provide for a cashless settlement
provision which fails the requirement of the indexation guidance under ASC 815-40 (collectively
 PIPE Warrants ). The resulting warrant liabilities are re-measured at each balance sheet date until their exercise or expiration,
and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. Refer to Note 4. Fair Value
Measurements. 

As of the date of this Form 10-K,
7,704,715 PIPE Warrants remain outstanding. See Note 19. Stockholders Equity in our audited financial statements for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Form 10-K for more information on the Warrants. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
headquarters is located in Woburn, Massachusetts, where we lease approximately 16,128 square feet under a lease agreement that has an
initial term expiring in September 2025. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. Information regarding our material legal proceedings is included in Note 24,
 Commitments and Contingencies , to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein
by reference. Given the inherent uncertainties of litigation, the ultimate outcome of any such matters cannot be predicted at this time,
nor can the amount of possible loss or range of loss, if any, be reasonably estimated, except in circumstances where an aggregate litigation
accrual has been recorded for probable and reasonably estimable loss contingencies. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

44 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market, under the symbol BFRI , and our warrants are traded on the NASDAQ
Capital Market, under the symbol BFRIW . 

Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were three holders of record of our common stock. Holders
of record are defined as those stockholders whose shares are registered in their names in our stock records and do not include beneficial
owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of brokers, dealers or clearing agencies. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain all future earnings for
the operation of our business, and we do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
information required by this Item 5 regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan is contained under
the caption Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plan in Item 12 of this Form 10-K, which information
under such caption is incorporated herein by reference. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We do not have any sales of unregistered securities
to report that have not been previously included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

There
were no repurchases made by us, or on our behalf, of shares of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

45 

Use
of Proceeds 

Use
of Proceeds from our Initial Public Offering 

On
October 28, 2021, our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-257722) relating to the initial public offering IPO of our common stock became effective. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have used all of the proceeds received from our IPO for working capital and general corporate purposes. There
was no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the IPO of our common stock from that described in the Prospectus filed with
SEC pursuant to rule 424b(4) under the Securities Act on November 1, 2021. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following section contains statements that are not statements of historical fact and are forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the federal securities laws. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our
actual results, performance, or achievement to differ materially from anticipated results, performance, or achievement, expressed or
implied in such forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, are based on assumptions,
and are subject to risks and uncertainties. We discuss many of these risks and uncertainties at the beginning of this Form 10-K and under
the sections captioned Business and Risk Factors. The following discussion should also be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and the Notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

The
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. Certain statements
in this Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements . Such statements include statements regarding the timeline for
regulatory review and approval of our products, the availability of funding sources for continued development of such products, and other
statements that are not historical facts, including statements which may be preceded by the words intends, may, 
 will, plans, expects, anticipates, projects, predicts, 
 estimates, aims, believes, hopes, potential or similar words. Forward-looking
statements are not guaranties of future performance, are based on certain assumptions and are subject to various known and unknown risks
and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Actual results may differ materially from the expectations contained in the
forward-looking statements. 

See
Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Form 10-K for list of factors that may cause such differences. 

We
do not undertake to publicly update or revise our forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except as required by law. 

46 

Overview 

Biofrontera
Inc. (the Company includes its wholly owned subsidiary Bio-FRI GmbH Bio-FRI or subsidiary ).
Our subsidiary, Bio-FRI was formed on February 9, 2022, as a German presence to facilitate our relationship with our Ameluz Licensor. 

We
are a U.S.-based biopharmaceutical company commercializing a portfolio of pharmaceutical products for the treatment of dermatological
conditions with a focus on photodynamic therapy (PDT) and topical antibiotics. The Company s licensed products are used for the
treatment of actinic keratoses, which are pre-cancerous skin lesions, as well as impetigo, a bacterial skin infection. 

Our
principal licensed product is Ameluz , which is a prescription drug approved for use in combination with the BF-RhodoLED 
 lamp series, for photodynamic therapy, or PDT (when used together, Ameluz PDT ). In the United States,
the PDT treatment is used for the lesion-directed and field-directed treatment of actinic keratoses AK of mild-to-moderate
severity on the face and scalp. AKs are premalignant lesions of the skin that can potentially develop into skin cancer (squamous cell
carcinoma) if left untreated. International treatment guidelines list photodynamic therapy as the gold standard for treating
AK, especially multiple AK and the surrounding photodamaged skin. 3 We are currently selling Ameluz for this
indication in the U.S. under the Ameluz LSA. 

Our
second prescription drug licensed product in our portfolio is Xepi (ozenoxacin cream, 1 ), a topical non-fluorinated
quinolone that inhibits bacterial growth. Currently, no antibiotic resistance against Xepi is known and it has been specifically
approved by the FDA for the treatment of impetigo, a common skin infection, due to Staphylococcus aureus or Streptococcus pyogenes. It
is approved for use in the United States in adults and children 2 months and older. We are currently selling Xepi for
this indication in the United States under an exclusive license and supply agreement, as amended Xepi LSA ), with Ferrer that was assumed by Biofrontera on March 25, 2019 through our acquisition of Cutanea Life
Sciences, Inc. Cutanea ). 

47 

Our
principal objective is to increase the sales of our licensed products in the United States. The key elements of our strategy include
the following: 

e xpanding
our sales in the United States of Ameluz in combination with the BF-RhodoLED lamp for the treatment of
minimally to moderately thick actinic keratoses of the face and scalp and positioning Ameluz to be the standard of care
in the United States by growing our dedicated sales and marketing infrastructure in the United States; 

expanding
 sales of Xepi for treatment of impetigo by improving the market positioning of the licensed product; 

leveraging
 the potential for future approvals and label extensions of our portfolio products that are in the pipeline for the U.S. market through
 the LSAs with our Licensors; and 

o pportunistically
adding complementary products or services to our portfolio by acquiring or licensing IP to further leverage our commercial infrastructure
and customer relationships. 

We
devote a substantial portion of our cash resources to the commercialization of our licensed products, Ameluz and the
BF-RhodoLED lamp series. We have financed our operating and capital expenditures through cash proceeds generated from
our product sales and proceeds received in equity financings. 

We
believe that important measures of our results of operations include product revenue, operating income (loss) and adjusted EBITDA (a
non-GAAP measure as defined below). Our sole source of product revenue is sales of products that we license from certain related and
unrelated companies. Our long-term financial objectives include consistent revenue growth and expanding operating margins. Accordingly,
we are focused on licensed product sales expansion to drive revenue growth and improve operating efficiencies, including effective resource
utilization, information technology leverage, and overhead cost management. 

48 

Key
factors affecting our performance 

As
a result of a number of factors, our historical results of operations may not be comparable to our results of operations in future periods,
and our results of operations may not be directly comparable from period to period. Set forth below is a brief discussion of the key
factors impacting our results of operations. 

Seasonality 

Because
traditional photodynamic therapy treatments using a lamp are performed more frequently during the winter, our revenue is subject to some
seasonality and has historically been higher during the first and fourth quarters than during the second and third quarters. 

COVID-19 

Since
the beginning of 2020, COVID-19 has become a global pandemic. As a result of the measures implemented by governments around the world,
our business operations have been directly affected. In particular, we experienced a significant decline in demand for our licensed products
as a result of different priorities for medical treatments emerging, thereby causing a delay of actinic keratosis treatment for most
patients. Our revenue was directly affected by the global COVID-19 pandemic starting in mid-March of 2020. From that point on, rising
infection rates and the resulting American Academy of Dermatology s official recommendation to care for patients through remote
diagnosis and treatment (telehealth) led to significantly declining patient numbers and widespread, albeit temporary, physician practice
closures. As COVID-19 vaccines started to roll-out to the general public in March 2021, we experienced an increase in patients willing
to undergo treatment for actinic keratosis. In the fourth quarter of 2021 continuing through 2022, we again saw a seasonally strong increase
in sales, indicating a revenue recovery from the global COVID-19 pandemic, despite some residual effects such as reduced capacity or
staffing shortages at physicians offices. We are optimistic that our business will continue to thrive throughout 2023 as a result
of the COVID-19 PHE sunsetting on May 11, 2023. However, the ultimate extent of the impact of any epidemic, pandemic, outbreak,
or other public health crisis on our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which
are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of such epidemic, pandemic,
outbreak, or other public health crisis and actions taken to contain or prevent the further spread, including the effectiveness of vaccination
and booster vaccination campaigns, among others. Accordingly, we cannot predict the extent to which our business, financial condition
and results of operations will continue be affected. We remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet, liquidity and financial
flexibility and continue to monitor developments as we deal with the disruptions and uncertainties from a business and financial perspective
relating to COVID-19 and variants thereof. 

Supply
Chain 

While
our Licensors take reasonable precautions to ensure the successful production of our commercially licensed products, their contract manufacturers
may experience a myriad of business difficulties (i.e., workforce instability, supply chain issues, erosion of customer base, etc.) that
could impact their financial solvency. In December 2021, we were notified by Ferrer of third-party manufacturing delays for the Xepi 
 product. Although we have inventory of Xepi on hand, we expect a delay in further shipments of Xepi for
the next 9 to 12 months. Despite these delays, our total revenues will not be significantly impacted since the majority of our revenues
are from sales of Ameluz . We continue to monitor the impacts of the supply chain on our business and are focused on ensuring
the stability of the supply chains for Ameluz and BF-RhodoLED . 

49 

Components
of Our Results of Operations 

Product
Revenue, net 

We
generate product revenues through the third-party sales of our licensed products Ameluz , BF-RhodoLED 
lamps and Xepi covered by our exclusive LSAs with our Licensors as
described in the section Business Commercial Partners and Agreements. Revenues from product
sales are recorded net of discounts, rebates and other incentives, including trade discounts and allowances, product returns, government
rebates, and other incentives such as patient co-pay assistance. Revenue from the sales of our BF-RhodoLED lamp and Xepi 
 are relatively insignificant compared with revenues generated through our sales of Ameluz . 

The
primary factors that determine our revenue derived from our licensed products are: 

the
 level of orders generated by our sales force; 

the
 level of prescriptions and institutional demand for our licensed products; and 

unit
 sales prices. 

Related
Party Revenues 

We
also generate insignificant related party revenue in connection with an agreement with Biofrontera Bioscience to provide BF-RhodoLED 
 lamps, associated services for the clinical trials performed by Biofrontera Bioscience and accounting services provided to Biofrontera
AG. 

Cost
of Revenues, Related Party 

Cost
of revenues, related party, is comprised of purchase costs of our licensed products, Ameluz and BF-RhodoLED 
 lamps from Biofrontera Pharma GmbH and insignificant inventory adjustments due to scrapped, expiring and excess products. 

On
October 8, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the Ameluz LSA under which the price we pay per unit will be based upon our sales history.
As a result of this amendment, the purchase price we pay the Ameluz Licensor for Ameluz will be determined in the following
manner: 

fifty
 percent of the anticipated net price per unit until we generate 30 million in revenue from sales of the products we license from
 the Ameluz Licensor during a given Commercial Year (as defined in the Ameluz LSA); 

forty
 percent of the anticipated net price per unit for all revenues we generate between 30 million and 50 million from sales of the
 products we license from the Ameluz Licensor; and 

thirty
 percent of the anticipated net price per unit for all revenues we generate above 50 million from sales of the products we license
 from the Ameluz Licensor. 

Cost
of Revenues, Other 

Cost
of revenues, other, is comprised of purchase costs of our licensed product, Xepi , third-party logistics and distribution
costs including packaging, freight, transportation, shipping and handling costs, inventory adjustment due to expiring Xepi 
 products, as well as sales-based Xepi royalties. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expense 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses consist principally of costs associated with our sales force, commercial support personnel, personnel
in executive and other administrative functions, as well as medical affairs professionals. Other selling, general and administrative
expenses include marketing, trade, and other commercial costs necessary to support the commercial operation of our licensed products
and professional fees for legal, consulting and accounting services. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include the amortization
of our intangible asset and our legal settlement expenses. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses, Related Party 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses, related party, primarily relate to the services provided by our significant stockholder, Biofrontera
AG, for accounting consolidation, IT support, and pharmacovigilance. These expenses were charged to us based on costs incurred plus 6 
in accordance with the 2016 Services Agreement. During 2021, we entered into the Services Agreement which provides for the execution
of statements of work that supersede the applicable provisions of the 2016 Services Agreement. The Services Agreement enables us to continue
relying on Biofrontera AG and its subsidiaries for various services it has historically provided to us, including IT and pharmacovigilance
support for as long as we deem necessary. We currently have statements of work in place regarding IT, regulatory affairs, medical affairs,
pharmacovigilance, and Investor Relations services, and are continuously assessing the other services historically provided
to us by Biofrontera AG to determine 1) if they will be needed, and 2) whether they can or should be obtained from other third-party
providers. During 2022, we hired additional IT personnel and developed our IT infrastructure, enabling us to commence work on our IT
separation from Biofrontera AG. 

Restructuring
Costs 

We
restructured the business of Cutanea and incurred restructuring costs through 2021, which were subsequently reimbursed by Maruho Co.,
Ltd, Maruho ). Restructuring costs primarily relate to Aktipak discontinuation, personnel costs related
to the termination of all Cutanea employees, and the winding down of Cutanea s operations. 

50 

Change
in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 

In
connection with the Cutanea acquisition, we recorded contingent consideration related to the estimated profits from the sale of
Cutanea products to be shared equally with Maruho. The fair value of such contingent consideration was determined to be 6.5 million
on the acquisition date of March 25, 2019 and is re-measured at each reporting date until the contingency is resolved. 

Change
in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities 

Common
stock warrants issued in conjunction with private placement financing transactions are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with
ASC 815-40. 

The
warrant liability is measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within the consolidated
statements of operations. 

Change
in Fair Value of Investment in Equity Securities 

Our
investments are comprised of equity securities, which are initially recorded at cost, plus transaction costs, and subsequently
measured at fair value, based on quoted market prices, with the gains and losses reported in the Company s consolidated
statement of operations. For the investments held in foreign currencies, the change in fair value attributable to changes in foreign
exchange rates is included in gains and losses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

The Company
may sell its equity securities in response to changes in interest rates, risk/reward characteristics, liquidity needs or other factors. 

Interest
Expense, net 

Interest
expense, net, primarily consists of amortization of the contract asset related to the start-up cost financing from Maruho under the Share
Purchase and Transfer Agreement dated March 25, 2019 (as amended, the Share Purchase Agreement offset
by interest income of 6 per annum for each day that any reimbursement is past due related to the Amended Settlement Allocation Agreement
with Biofrontera AG , and immaterial amounts of interest income earned on our financing of customer purchases of BF-RhodoLED 
 lamps. 

Other
Income, net 

Other
income, net primarily includes (i) gain on sale of leased assets, and (ii) gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions. 

Income
Taxes 

As
a result of the net losses we have incurred in each fiscal year since inception, we have recorded no provision for federal income taxes
during such periods. Income tax expense incurred relates to state income taxes. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 

Product revenues, net 
 28,541 
 24,043 
 4,498 
 18.7 
 
 Related party revenues 
 133 
 57 
 76 
 132.5 
 
 Revenues, net 
 28,674 
 24,100 
 4,574 
 19.0 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of revenues, related party 
 14,618 
 12,222 
 2,396 
 19.6 
 
 Cost of revenues, other 
 567 
 520 
 47 
 9.1 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 35,137 
 36,512 
 (1,375 
 -3.8 
 
 Selling, general and administrative, related party 
 733 
 697 
 36 
 5.1 
 
 Restructuring costs 
 - 
 752 
 (752 
 -100.0 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 (3,800 
 (1,402 
 (2,398 
 171.0 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 47,255 
 49,301 
 (2,046 
 -4.1 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (18,581 
 (25,201 
 6,620 
 -26.3 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 16,388 
 (12,801 
 29,189 
 -228.0 
 
 Change in fair value of investments 
 1,747 
 - 
 1,747 
 n/a 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 (195 
 (344 
 149 
 -43.3 
 
 Other income, net 
 33 
 689 
 (656 
 -95.2 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (608 
 (37,657 
 37,049 
 -98.4 
 
 Income tax expenses 
 32 
 56 
 (24 
 -42.9 
 
 Net loss 
 (640 
 (37,713 
 37,073 
 -98.3 

51 

Revenues,
net 

Our
net revenue was 28.7 million and 24.1 million 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 4.6 million, or 19.0 . Net product revenue
was 28.5 million and 24.0 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 4.5 million, or 18.7 . The increase was primarily
driven by: (i) higher volume of Ameluz orders, which resulted in an increase in Ameluz revenue of 3.7
million, and (ii) an increase in the price of Ameluz , which further increased Ameluz revenue by 0.6
million. 

Operating
Expenses 

Cost
of Revenues, Related Party 

Cost
of revenues, related party was 14.6 million and 12.2 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 2.4 million, or 19.6 .
The increase was primarily driven by the increase in Ameluz product revenue. Cost of Ameluz is directly
correlated to the selling price under the Ameluz LSA. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses were 35.1 million and 36.5 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 1.4 million,
or 3.8 . This decrease was driven by the one-time legal settlement expense of 11.3 million recognized in 2021. This decrease was offset
by an increase in headcount costs as a result of resumed hiring in 2022 and a broad increase in the costs
to comply with corporate governance, regulatory reporting, risk management and other requirements applicable to us as a public company.

Restructuring
Costs 

There
were no restructuring costs for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Restructuring costs were 0.8 million for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2021, all of which related to facility exit costs. 

Change
in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 

The
change in fair value of contingent consideration was a decrease of 3.8 million and a decrease of 1.4 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The change in fair value of contingent consideration is driven by the estimated profit share the Company is required to pay under the
Share Purchase Agreement. During 2022, the estimated profit share was reduced in response to supply chain delays experienced by the supplier. 

Change
in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities 

The
change in fair value of warrant liabilities was a decrease of 29.2 million and an increase of 12.8 million for 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The change was driven by changes in the underlying value of the common stock. The change in 2022 was also driven by the modification and exercise
of the 2021 Purchase Warrant. 

52 

Change
in fair value of investments in equity securities 

The
change in fair value of investments in equity securities of 1.7 million was driven by changes in the quoted
market price of the common stock. 

Other
Income, net 

Other
income, net was negligible and 0.7 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 0.7 million or 95.2 . The decrease is
primarily related to the decrease in reimbursed costs under the Share Purchase Agreement with Maruho of 0.5 million. 

Net
Income to Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

We
define adjusted EBITDA as net income or loss before interest income and expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and other
non-operating items from our statements of operations as well as certain other items considered outside the normal course of our operations
specifically described below. Adjusted EBITDA is not a presentation made in accordance with GAAP. Our definition of adjusted EBITDA may
vary from the use of similarly-titled measures by others in our industry due to the potential inconsistencies in the method of calculation
and differences due to items subject to interpretation. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net income or loss,
operating income/(loss), cash flows from operating activities or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP as measures
of operating performance or liquidity. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation
or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. 

Change
in fair value of contingent consideration: Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, the profits from the sale of Cutanea products
will be shared equally between Maruho and Biofrontera until 2030. The fair value of the contingent consideration was determined to be
 6.5 million on the acquisition date and is re-measured at each reporting date. We exclude the impact of the change in fair value of
contingent consideration as this is non-cash. 

Change
in fair value of warrant liabilities: The Warrants issued in conjunction with our private placement offerings were accounted for
as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring
basis, with changes in fair value presented within the consolidated statement of operations. We exclude the impact of the change in
fair value of warrant liabilities as this is non-cash. 

Change
in fair value of investment in equity securities: T he Company accounts for its investments in equity securities in
accordance with ASC 321, Investments Equity Securities ASC 321 ). Equity securities, which are
comprised of investments in common stock, are initially recorded at cost, plus transaction costs, and subsequently measured at fair
value, based on quoted market prices, with the gains and losses reported in the Company s consolidated statement of
operations. For the investments held in foreign currencies, the change in fair value attributable to changes in foreign exchange
rates is included in gains and losses in the consolidated statement of operations. We exclude the impact of the change in
fair value of investments as this is non-cash. 

Legal
settlement expenses : To measure operating performance, we exclude legal settlement expenses. We do not expect to incur these types
of legal expenses on a recurring basis and believe the exclusion of such amounts allows management and the users of the financial statements
to better understand our financial results. 

Stock
Based Compensation : To measure operating performance, we exclude the impact of costs relating
to share-based compensation. Due to the subjective assumptions and a variety of award types, we believe that the exclusion of share-based
compensation expense, which is typically non-cash, allows for more meaningful comparisons of our operating results to peer companies.
Share-based compensation expense can vary significantly based on the timing, size and nature of awards granted. 

Expensed
issuance costs: To measure operating performance, we exclude the portion of issuance costs allocated to our warrant liabilities.
We do not expect to incur this type of expense on a recurring basis and believe the exclusion of these costs allows management and the
users of the financial statements to better understand our financial results. 

53 

Adjusted
EBITDA margin is adjusted EBITDA for a particular period expressed as a percentage of revenues for that period. 

We
use adjusted EBITDA to measure our performance from period to period and to compare our results to those of our competitors. In addition
to adjusted EBITDA being a significant measure of performance for management purposes, we also believe that this presentation provides
useful information to investors regarding financial and business trends related to our results of operations and that when non-GAAP financial
information is viewed with GAAP financial information, investors are provided with a more meaningful understanding of our ongoing operating
performance. 

The
below table presents a reconciliation from net loss to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loss 
 (640 
 (37,713 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 195 
 344 
 
 Income tax expenses 
 32 
 56 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 519 
 540 
 
 EBITDA 
 106 
 (36,773 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 (3,800 
 (1,402 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 (16,388 
 12,801 
 
 Change in fair value of investments 
 (1,747 
 - 
 
 Legal settlement expenses 
 870 
 11,250 
 
 Stock based compensation 
 1,852 
 129 
 
 Expensed issuance costs 
 1,045 
 1,383 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (18,062 
 (12,612 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 -63.0 
 -52.3 

Adjusted
EBITDA 

Adjusted
EBITDA decreased from 12.7) million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 18.1) million for the year ended December 31, 2022.
The decrease was primarily driven by an increase in Selling, general, and administrative
expenses (excluding legal settlement expenses) due to increased headcount and compliance costs. Our adjusted EBITDA margin decreased
from (52.8 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to (63.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as the decline in our Adjusted EBITDA outpaced our increase in revenues. 

54 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company s primary sources of liquidity are its existing cash balances, cash collected from the sales of its products, and cash
flows from financing transactions. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received
proceeds of 9.4 million from the issuance of common stock and warrants in private placement, net of issuance costs, and 4.6
million from the exercise of common stock warrants (See Note 19. Stockholders Equity ). As of December 31, 2022,
we had cash and cash equivalents of 17.2 million, compared to 24.5 million as of December 31, 2021. 

Since
we commenced operations in 2015, we have generated significant losses. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred net
losses of 0.6 million and 37.7 million, respectively . We incurred net cash outflows from operations
of 16.2 million and 26.7 million, for the same periods, respectively. We had an accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 of 79.5
million. 

The
Company s short-term material cash requirements include working capital needs and satisfaction of contractual commitments
including facility and auto leases (see Note 24, Commitments and Contingencies ), Maruho start-up payments of 7.3 million
(see Note 3. Acquisition Contract Liabilities ), and legal settlement expenses after reimbursement from Biofrontera AG of 2.5
million. Long-term material cash requirements include potential milestone payments to Ferrer Internacional S.A and contingent
consideration payments to Maruho connected with Xepi sales. 

Additionally,
we expect to continue to incur operating losses due to significant discretionary sales and marketing efforts as we seek to expand the
commercialization of our licensed products in the United States. We also expect to incur additional expenses to add and improve operational,
financial and information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product commercialization efforts. In addition, we
expect to incur costs to continue to comply with corporate governance, regulatory reporting and other requirements applicable to us as
a public company in the U.S. 

Our
future growth is dependent on our ability to obtain additional equity or debt financing. Based on current operating plans and financial
forecasts, we expect that our current capital resources, including investments in equity securities which we intend to liquidate within the next twelve months, and availability under a working capital line of credit, will be sufficient to fund
our operations for at least the next twelve months from the date of issuance of our financial statements. However, if our current operating
plans or financial forecasts change, or we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may need to reduce the discretionary spend on
promotional expenses, branding, marketing consulting and defer some hiring. While we expect to continue being flexible in our spending
over the next twelve months, we do not consider there to be a need to significantly revise our operations currently. 

55 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table summarizes our cash provided by and (used in) operating, investing and financing activities: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (16,199 
 (26,715 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (5,156 
 (11 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 14,021 
 43,191 
 
 Net increase in cash and restricted cash 
 (7,334 
 16,465 

Operating
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, operating activities used 16.2 million of cash, primarily resulting from our net loss of 0.6
million, adjusted for the add back of non-cash income of 18.3 million and offset by net
cash provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities of 2.7 million . Non-cash items include stock-based
compensation of 1.9 million, non-cash interest expense of 0.4 million, and depreciation and amortization in the aggregate of 1.2
million, netted against a change in fair value of investment of warrant liabilities of 16.4 million, change in fair value of
contingent consideration of 3.8 million, and change in fair value of equity securities of 1.7 million. 

Investing
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, investing activities used 5.2 million, primarily resulting from the purchase of shares
of Biofrontera AG (See Note 4. Fair Value Measurements and Note 6. Investment in Equity Securities) 

Financing
Activities 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 14.0 million and 43.2 million, respectively.
Financing activities during year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of proceeds of 9.4 million
from the issuance of common stock and warrants in private placement, net of issuance costs, and 4.6 million from the exercise of common
stock warrants . Financing activities during year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of proceeds
from the issuance of common stock upon an initial public offering of 14.9 million, issuance of common stock in private placement of
 15.0 million, and the exercise of warrants of 13.2 million . 

On
March 9, 2023, we entered into the Commitment Letter with MidCap, in respect of MidCap s commitment to provide us with the Revolving
Facility, subject to the borrowing base formula, minimum excess availability and other terms and conditions thereof, in the aggregate
principal amount of up to 6.5 million. The Revolving Facility shall be secured by a lien on substantially all of the assets of the Company,
subject to customary exceptions and, if drawn upon, the proceeds of the Revolving Facility will be used for working capital. For additional
details regarding the Revolving Facility see Item 9.B. Other Information in this Form 10-K. 

Entry
into the Revolving Facility will be subject to customary closing conditions, including the execution and delivery of appropriate definitive
documentation related to the Revolving Facility, to include customary representations, warranties, covenants, events of default and other
terms and conditions. 

56 

Accounting
Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States, or GAAP. The preparation of
the financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the use of estimates and assumptions by management that affect the value of
assets and liabilities, as well as contingent assets and liabilities, as reported on the balance sheet date, and revenues and expenses
arising during the reporting period. The main areas in which assumptions, estimates and the exercising of a degree of judgment are appropriate
relate to contingent consideration, fair value measurements, valuation of intangible assets and impairment assessment, and stock compensation.
Estimates are based on historical experience and other assumptions that are considered appropriate in the circumstances. They are continuously
reviewed but may vary from the actual values. 

Our
significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to
our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Form 10-K. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

We
believe that the following accounting policies are those that are most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of our financial statements. 

Contingent
Consideration 

We
record contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. Each reporting period
thereafter, we revalue the remaining obligations and record increases or decreases in their fair value as an adjustment to contingent
consideration expense in our statements of operations. We considered a number of factors, including information provided by an outside
valuation advisor in performing the valuation. Contingent consideration is reported at the estimated fair values based on the probability-adjusted
present value of the consideration expected to be paid, using significant inputs and estimates. Changes in the fair value of our contingent
consideration obligations can result from changes to one or multiple inputs, including forecasted product profit amounts, metric risk
premium and discount rates consistent with the level of risk of achievement as further discussed in Note 4, Fair Value Measurements
 to the audited financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as included in this Form 10-K. The fair value of the contingent consideration is remeasured each reporting period, with changes in the fair value included
in current operations. These fair value measurements represent Level 3 measurements as they are based on significant inputs not observable
in the market. 

Significant
judgment is employed in determining the appropriateness of these assumptions as of the acquisition date and for each subsequent period.
Accordingly, changes in assumptions described above, could have a material impact on the amount of contingent consideration expense we
record in any given period. 

57 

Intangible
Assets and Impairment Assessment 

The
Company regularly reviews the carrying amount of its long-lived assets to determine whether indicators of impairment may exist, which
warrant adjustments to carrying values or estimated useful lives. In connection with this review, assets are grouped at the lowest level
at which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of other asset groupings. If indications of impairment exist, projected future
undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset grouping are compared to the carrying amount to determine whether the asset s
value is recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the
use of an asset group are less than its carrying amount. The impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying value of the
impaired asset group over its fair value, determined based on discounted cash flows. 

In
determining future cash flows, we take various factors into account, including the remaining useful life of each asset group, forecasted
growth rates, pricing, working capital, capital expenditures, and other cash needs specific to the asset group. Additional considerations
when assessing impairment include changes in our strategic operational and financial decisions, economic conditions, demand for our product
and other corporate initiatives which may eliminate or significantly decrease the realization of future benefits from our long-lived
assets. Since the determination of future cash flows is an estimate of future performance, future impairments may arise in the event
that future cash flows do not meet expectations. 

We
perform an impairment assessment in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 360-10-S99, Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . Management s
review for the presence of indicators of impairment include events or changes in circumstances that indicate the carrying amount of an
asset may not be recoverable. In October 2022, upon receiving notification of further third-party manufacturing delays that impacted
the timing of sales expansion and improved market positioning of the Xepi product, we deemed it necessary to assess the
recoverability of our Xepi asset group. As of the date of notification, future undiscounted cash flows were estimated
over the expected remaining useful life using revenue and operating expense growth rates. Also, the expected cash flows were based on
the assumption that sales levels would grow considerably for the first two years after resolution of the manufacturing delays as a result
of expanding the sales force and marketing efforts related to the asset group. While we believe these assumptions were reasonable, the
level of future sales may vary significantly from the levels assumed. Also, the timeframe over which activity levels grow is highly uncertain.
Potential events that could affect our assumptions are affected by factors such as those described in Risks Related to Our
Business and Strategy . After the assessment we performed, we determined that, on an undiscounted basis, expected cash flows
exceeded the carrying amount of the asset group. For additional information on our impairment assessment, refer Note 12 , Intangible
Assets, Net , to our financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 

Fair
Value Warrant Liability 

The
Warrants issued in conjunction with our private placement offerings were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40
and are presented within warrant liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value
presented within the consolidated statement of operations. 

The
Company utilizes a Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of the Warrants which is considered a Level 3 fair
value measurement. The Black-Scholes option-pricing
model considers several variables and assumptions in estimating the fair value of financial instruments, including the per-share
fair value of the underlying common stock, exercise price, expected term, risk-free interest rate, expected stock price volatility
over the expected term, and expected annual dividend yield. Certain inputs utilized in our
Black-Scholes pricing model may fluctuate in future periods based upon factors which are outside of the Company s control. A
significant change in one or more of these inputs used in the calculation of the fair value may cause a significant change to the
fair value of our warrant liability which could also result in material non-cash gain or loss being reported in our consolidated
statement of operations. 

58 

Recently
issued accounting pronouncements 

A
description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations
is disclosed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Effective . 

Off-balance
Sheet Arrangements 

Besides
the contractual obligations and commitments as discussed in the Liquidity and Capital Resources , we did not have during the periods
presented, and we do not currently have, any other off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

The
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 permits an emerging growth company such as us to take advantage of an extended
transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of such extended transition period, which means that when an accounting
standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we will adopt the new or revised
standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard and will do so until such time that we either (i) irrevocably
elect to opt out of such extended transition period or (ii) no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

59 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Audited
 Financial Statements as of and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Stockholders 

Biofrontera
Inc. 

Opinion
on the financial statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Biofrontera Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Change
in accounting principle 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for leases as of January 1, 2022, due to
adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification No. 842, Leases. 

Basis
for opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March
13, 2023 

F- 2 

Audited
Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

BIOFRONTERA
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 In
thousands, except par value and share amounts 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investment in equity securities 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 

Other receivables, related party 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Other receivables long term, related party 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible asset, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable, related parties 

Acquisition contract liabilities, net 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Acquisition contract liabilities, net 

Warrant liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 
 
 - 
 
 Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 24) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common Stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Audited
Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

BIOFRONTERA
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 In
thousands, except per share amounts and number of shares 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Products revenues, net 

Revenues, related party 

Total revenues, net 

Operating expenses 

Cost of revenues, related party 

Cost of revenues, other 

Selling, general and administrative 

Selling, general and administrative, related party 

Restructuring costs 
 - 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of investments 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense, net 

Other income, net 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Loss per common share: 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Audited
Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

BIOFRONTERA
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (In
thousands, except number of shares) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 In Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid- 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 In Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock and warrants under IPO, net of issuance costs of million 

- 

Issuance of common stock and warrants under private placement offering, net of issuance costs of million 

- 

Exercise of common stock warrants 

- 

Exercise of pre-funded warrants 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for investments in equity securities 

- 

Issuance of common stock and warrants under private placement, net of negligible issuance costs 

- 

Exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Exercise of PIPE warrants 

- 

Issuance of shares for vested restricted stock units 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Audited
Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

BIOFRONTERA
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In
Thousands) 

2021 
 2021 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash flows used in operations 

Depreciation 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 

Change in fair value of investment in equity securities 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Stock-based compensation 

Provision for inventory obsolescence 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Non-cash interest expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables, related party 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Inventories 

Accounts payable and related party payables 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Cash flows used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of investment in equity securities 
 
 - 
 
 Purchases of property and equipment 

Cash flows used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants upon initial public offering, net of issuance costs 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants in private placement, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Cash flows provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at the beginning of the year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at the end of the year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Interest paid 

Income tax paid, net 

Supplemental non-cash investing and financing activities 

Conversion of warrant liability to equity in connection with exercise of warrants 

Issuance of common shares in exchange for investments in equity securities 
 
 - 
 
 Addition of right-of-use assets in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance costs included in accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 - 

Non-cash purchase of fixed assets 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Notes
to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million from the issuance of common stock and warrants in a private placement, net of issuance costs, and 
million from the exercise of common stock warrants (See Note 19. Stockholders Equity ). As of December 31, 2022,
we had cash and cash equivalents of 
million, compared to 
million as of December 31, 2021. 

Since
we commenced operations in 2015, we have generated significant losses. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred net
losses of million and million, respectively . We incurred net cash outflows from operations
of million and million, for the same periods, respectively. We had an accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 of 
million. 

The
Company s short-term material cash requirements include working capital needs and satisfaction of contractual commitments including
facility and auto leases (see Note 24, Commitments and Contingencies ), Maruho start-up payments of 
 million (see Note 3. Acquisition Contract
Liabilities ), and legal settlement expenses after reimbursement from Biofrontera AG of 
 million. Long-term material cash requirements
include potential milestone payments to Ferrer Internacional S.A, and contingent consideration payments to Maruho connected with Xepi
sales. 

Additionally,
we expect to continue to incur operating losses due to significant discretionary sales and marketing efforts as we seek to expand the
commercialization of our licensed products in the United States. We also expect to incur additional expenses to add and improve operational,
financial and information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product commercialization efforts. In addition, we
expect to incur costs to continue to comply with corporate governance, regulatory reporting and other requirements applicable to us as
a public company in the U.S. 

Our
future growth is dependent on our ability to obtain additional equity or debt financing. Based on current operating plans and financial
forecasts, we expect that our current capital resources, including investments in equity securities, which we intend to liquidate within the next twelve months, and availability
under a working capital line of credit, will be sufficient
to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months from the date of issuance of our financial statements. However, if our current
operating plans or financial forecasts change, or we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may need to reduce the discretionary
spend on promotional expenses, branding, marketing consulting and defer some hiring. While we expect to continue being flexible in our
spending over the next twelve months, we do not consider there to be a need to significantly revise our operations currently. 

(including amounts owed under the Company s license and supply agreement for
Ameluz ). 

We
are dependent on two suppliers, Biofrontera Pharma GmbH and Ferrer Internacional S.A., to supply drug products, including all underlying
components, for our commercial efforts. These efforts could be adversely affected by a significant interruption in the supply of our
finished products. 

years 
 
 Computer software 
 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 - years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

Machinery equipment 
 - years 

The
cost and accumulated depreciation of assets retired or sold are removed from the respective asset category, and any gain or loss is recognized
in our statements of operations. 

million to the consolidated balance sheet as of January 1,
2022. 

At
the inception of an arrangement, the Company determines whether the arrangement is or contains a lease based on the unique facts and
circumstances present. Operating lease liabilities and their corresponding right-of-use assets are recorded based on the present value
of lease payments over the expected lease term. The interest rate implicit in lease contracts is typically not readily determinable.
As such, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate IBR ), which is the rate incurred to borrow on a collateralized
basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. Given
the absence of an outstanding debt agreement, a synthetic credit rating analysis was used in estimating the Company s IBR. No adjustments to the right-of-use asset
were required for items such as initial direct costs paid or incentives received. 

The
Company has elected to adopt the practical expedient provided in ASC 842 and not reassess, for leases that existed prior to
the commencement date, 1). whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases, 2). lease classification, or 3).
initial indirect costs for any existing leases. The Company has elected to combine lease and non-lease components as a single
component for certain asset classes, when applicable. Operating leases are recognized on the balance sheet as operating lease
right-of-use assets, operating lease liabilities current and operating lease liabilities non-current. The Company also
elected to utilize the short-term lease recognition exemption and for those leases that qualified, the Company did not recognize
right-of-use assets or lease liabilities. These leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected term. 

Trade
Discounts and Allowances The Company provides customers with trade discounts, rebates, allowances and/or other incentives.
The Company records estimates for these items as a reduction of revenue in the same period the revenue is recognized. 

Government
and Payor Rebates The Company contracts with, or is subject to arrangements with, certain third-party payors, including pharmacy
benefit managers and government agencies, for the payment of rebates with respect to utilization of its commercial products. The Company
is also subject to discount and rebate obligations under state and federal Medicaid programs and Medicare. The Company records estimates
for these discounts and rebates as a reduction of revenue in the same period the revenue is recognized. 

Other
Incentives The Company maintains a co-pay assistance program which is intended to provide financial assistance to qualified
patients with the cost of purchasing Xepi . The Company estimates and records accruals for these incentives as a reduction
of revenue in the period the revenue is recognized. The Company estimates amounts for co-pay assistance based upon the number of claims
and the cost per claim that the Company expects to receive associated with products sold to customers but remaining in the distribution
channel at the end of each reporting period. 

Royalties 

For
arrangements that include sales-based royalties, the Company recognizes royalty expense at the later of (i) when the related sales occur,
or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).
Royalty expense is recognized as cost of revenues. 

Product
Warranty 

The
Company generally provides a 36-month warranty for sales of BF-RhodoLED for which estimated contractual warranty obligations
are recorded as an expense at the time of installation. Customers do not have the option to purchase the warranty separately and the
warranty does not provide the customer with a service beyond the assurance that BF-RhodoLED complies with agreed-upon
specifications. Therefore, the warranty is not considered to be a performance obligation. The lamps are subject to regulatory and quality
standards. Future warranty costs are estimated based on historical product performance rates and related costs to repair given products.
The accounting estimate related to product warranty expense involves judgment in determining future estimated warranty costs. Should
actual performance rates or repair costs differ from estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability would be required. Warranty
expenses incurred in 2022 and 2021 were negligible and are recognized as selling, general and administrative expenses. 

Contract
Costs 

Incremental
costs of obtaining a contract with a customer may be recorded as an asset if the costs are expected to be recovered. As a practical expedient,
we recognize the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the asset that we
otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. Sales commissions earned by the Company s sales force are considered incremental
costs of obtaining a contract. To date, we have expensed sales commissions as these costs are generally attributed to periods shorter
than one year. Sales commissions are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

weight and the warrant implied volatility with weight. The peer group was developed based on companies in the biotechnology industry
whose shares are publicly traded. Due to our limited historical data and the long-term nature of the awards, the peer group volatility
was much more heavily weighted. 

Expected
Term. The expected term represents the period of time that options are expected to be outstanding. Due to the lack of historical exercise
data and given the plain vanilla nature of the options granted by the Company, the expected term is determined using the simplified 
method, as prescribed in SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 107 SAB 107 ), whereby the expected life
equals the average of the vesting term and the original contractual term. 

Dividend
Yield. The dividend yield is as the Company has never declared or paid, and for the foreseeable future does not expect to declare
or pay, a dividend on its common stock. 

million and million,
respectively. 

of the shares of Cutanea Life Sciences, Inc. Cutanea ). As of the date of the acquisition, Maruho Co, Ltd.
owned approximately of Biofrontera AG through its fully owned subsidiary Maruho Deutschland GmbH. Biofrontera AG is our former
parent, and currently a significant shareholder. 

Pursuant
to the Share Purchase Agreement, Maruho agreed to provide million in start-up cost financing for Cutanea s redesigned business
activities start-up costs ). These start-up costs are to be paid back to Maruho by the end of 2023 in accordance with contractual
obligations related to an earn-out arrangement. In addition, as part of the earn-out arrangement with Maruho, the product profit amount
from the sale of Cutanea products as defined in the share purchase agreement will be shared equally between Maruho and Biofrontera until
2030 contingent consideration ). 

In
connection with this acquisition in 2019, we recorded the million in start-up cost financing, a million contract asset related
to the benefit associated with the non-interest bearing start-up cost financing and million of contingent consideration related
to the estimated profits from the sale of Cutanea products to be shared equally with Maruho. 

The
contract asset related to the start-up cost financing is amortized on a straight-line basis using a interest rate over the -month
term of the financing arrangement, which ends on . The contract asset is shown net of the related start-up cost financing
within acquisition contract liabilities, net. 

The
contingent consideration was recorded at acquisition-date fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation with an assumed discount rate of
 over the applicable term. The contingent consideration is recorded within acquisition contract liabilities, net. The amount of contingent
consideration that could be payable is not subject to a cap under the agreement. The Company re-measures contingent consideration and
re-assesses the underlying assumptions and estimates at each reporting period utilizing a scenario-based method. 

Contract asset 

Acquisition contract liabilities, net 

Long-term acquisition contract liabilities: 

Contingent consideration 

Start-up cost financing 
 - 

Contract asset 
 - 

Acquisition contract liabilities, net 

Total acquisition contract liabilities: 

Contingent consideration 

Start-up cost financing 

Contract asset 

Total acquisition contract liabilities, net 

- 
 
 Liabilities: 

Contingent Consideration 
 3 

Warrant liability 2021 Purchase Warrants 
 3 
 - 

Warrant liability - 2022 Purchase Warrants 
 3 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant liability - Purchase Warrants 
 3 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant liability 2022 Inducement Warrants 
 3 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant liability 
 3 
 
 - 

Investment
in equity securities 

A s
of December 31, 2022, the Company had investments in common stock. The fair value of these investments was determined with Level 1 inputs
through references to quoted market prices. 

Contingent
Consideration 

Contingent
consideration, which relates to the estimated profits from the sale of Cutanea products to be shared equally with Maruho, is reflected
at fair value within acquisition contract liabilities, net on the consolidated balance sheets. The fair value is based on significant
inputs not observable in the market, which represent a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The valuation of the contingent
consideration utilizes a scenario-based method under which a set of payoffs are calculated using the term of the earnout, projections,
and an appropriate metric risk premium. These payoffs are then discounted back from the payment date to the valuation date using a payment
discount rate. Finally, the discounted payments are summed together to arrive at the value of the contingent consideration. The scenario-based
method incorporates the following key assumptions: (i) the forecasted product profit amounts, (ii) the remaining contractual term, (iii)
a metric risk premium, and (iv) a payment discount rate. The Company re-measures contingent consideration and re-assesses the underlying
assumptions and estimates at each reporting period. 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The decrease in fair value of the contingent consideration
in the amount of ) million and ) million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was recorded in operating expenses
in the statements of operations. 

Warrant
Liabilities 

The
Purchase and Inducement Warrants were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant
liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a
recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within the consolidated statement of operations. 

The
Company utilizes a Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of the Purchase and Inducement Warrants which is
considered a Level 3 fair value measurement. Certain inputs utilized in our Black-Scholes pricing model may fluctuate in future
periods based upon factors which are outside of the Company s control. A significant change in one or more of these inputs
used in the calculation of the fair value may cause a significant change to the fair value of our warrant liabilities which could also
result in material non-cash gain or loss being reported in our consolidated statement of operations. 

Expiration term (in years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free Rate 

Dividend yield 

The
fair value was estimated using Black-Scholes pricing model based on the following assumptions as of December 31, 2022 (outstanding warrants were all issued during 2022): 

Purchase 
 Inducement 
 
 Stock price 

Expiration term (in years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free Rate 

Dividend yield 

Dividend yield 

- 
 
 Issuance of new warrants 

Exercise of warrants 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Fair value at end of year 

Provision related to current period sales 

Credit or payments made during the period 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Provision related to current period sales 

Credit or payments made during the period 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

per share, of Biofrontera AG AG Options), a German stock corporation and significant shareholder of the Company, pursuant to which the
parties agreed to a negotiated private exchange of 
shares of the Company s common stock in exchange for the AG Options. There was no additional cost to exercise the AG Options.
On November 8, 2022, the Company exercised the AG options in full to acquire 
shares of Biofrontera AG. In addition, the Company purchased an additional 
common shares of Biofrontera AG for a total of 
shares or approximately 
of Biofrontera AG s outstanding common shares as of December 31, 2022. 

million and negligible as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million 
 short term and 
 long-term) due from the Biofrontera Group of
which 
 million is due from Biofrontera AG for its 
share of the balance of a legal settlement for which both parties are jointly and severally liable. The Company has a contractual right
to repayment of its share of the settlement payments, plus interest and other miscellaneous settlement costs, from Biofrontera AG under
the Settlement Allocation Agreement entered into on December 9, 2021 and as amended on March 31, 2022, which provides that the settlement
payments would first be made by the Company and then reimbursed by Biofrontera AG for its share. The March 31, 2022 Amended Settlement
 Allocation Agreement provides certain remedies to the Company, if Biofrontera AG fails to make timely reimbursements, which the
Company may implement in its sole discretion, including the ability to charge interest at a rate of 
per annum for each day that any reimbursement is past due and the ability to offset any overdue reimbursement amounts against payments
owed to Biofrontera AG by the Company (including amounts owed under the Company s license and supply agreement for Ameluz ).
 A s such ,
 no reserve for the receivable has been recorded as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022,
and negligible for the year ended December 31, 2021. The provision for Xepi inventory obsolescence was negligible for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Prepaid expenses 

Security deposits 

Other 

Total 

Computer software 

Furniture fixtures 

Leasehold improvement 

Machinery equipment 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense was million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which was included in selling, general
and administrative expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Intangible asset, net 

The
Xepi license intangible asset was recorded at acquisition-date fair value of 
 million and is amortized on a straight-line basis
over the useful life of 
 years. Amortization expense was 
 million for each the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

We
review the Xepi license intangible asset for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. In October 2022, upon receiving notification of third-party manufacturing
delays that impacted the timing of sales expansion and improved market positioning of the Xepi product, we deemed it
necessary to assess the recoverability of our Xepi asset group. Future cash flows were estimated over the expected remaining
useful life of the asset group and we determined that, on an undiscounted basis, expected cash flows exceeded the carrying amount of
the asset group. 

The
Company did not recognize any impairment charges during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Short-term restricted cash 
 - 

Long-term restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalent, and restricted cash shown on the statements of cash flows 

Employee compensation and benefits 

Professional fees 

Product revenue allowances and reserves 

Other 

Total 

Other 

Total 

provision for federal income taxes
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Income tax expense incurred in 2022 and 2021 relates to state income taxes.
At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits. 

State taxes 

Permanent differences non-deductible expenses 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

True-ups 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

Intangible assets 

Acquisition contract liabilities 

Property and equipment 

Accrued expenses and reserves 

Stock based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Other 
 - 

ROU asset 
 
 - 
 
 Investment revaluation 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred taxes 
 - 
 - 

The
Company has had no income tax expense due to operating losses incurred since inception. The Company has evaluated the positive and negative
evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets. Based on this, the Company has provided a valuation allowance for
the full amount of the net deferred tax assets as the realization of the deferred tax assets is not determined to be more likely than
not. During 2022, the valuation allowance increased by million, primarily due to the increase in the Company s net operating
loss carryforwards during the period. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million and million of Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards,
respectively. million of the federal NOLs are not subject to expiration and the remaining NOLs begin to expire in 2036. These
loss carryforwards are available to reduce future federal taxable income, if any. These loss carryforwards are subject to review and
possible adjustment by the appropriate taxing authorities. The amount of loss carryforwards that may be utilized in any future period
may be limited based upon changes in the ownership of the Company s shareholders. 

The
Company follows the provisions of ASC 740-10, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, which specifies how tax benefits
for uncertain tax positions are to be recognized, measured, and recorded in financial statements; requires certain disclosures of uncertain
tax matters; specifies how reserves for uncertain tax positions should be classified on the balance sheet; and provides transition and
interim period guidance, among other provisions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not recorded any amounts for uncertain tax
positions. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on any uncertain tax positions as a component of
income tax expense, if any, in its statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 the Company had no reserves for uncertain tax positions.
For the year ended December 31, 2022 no estimated interest or penalties were recognized on uncertain tax positions. 

The
Company s tax returns 2019 through 2022 remain open and subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing
authorities. Net operating loss carryovers from earlier years are also subject to exam and adjustment. 

to 
of the anticipated net selling price per unit as defined in the agreement. It was further amended on October 8, 2021 so that the price
we pay per unit will be based upon our sales history, although the minimum number of units to purchase per year remains unchanged. As
a result of this amendment, the purchase price we pay Biofrontera Pharma for Ameluz will range from 
to 
of the anticipated net price per unit based on our level of annual revenue. Under the agreement, the Company obtained an exclusive, non-transferable
license to use Pharma s technology to market and sell the licensed products, Ameluz and BF-RhodoLED and
must purchase the licensed products exclusively from Pharma. There was no consideration paid for the transfer of the license. 

Purchases
of the licensed products during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively, and recorded
in inventories in the consolidated balance sheets, and, when sold, in cost of revenues, related party in the consolidated statements
of operations. Amounts due and payable to Pharma as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively, which
were recorded in accounts payable, related parties in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Service
Agreements 

In
December 2021, we entered into an Amended and Restated Master Contract Services Agreement, or Services Agreement , which
provides for the execution of statements of work that will replace the applicable provisions of our previous intercompany services agreement
dated January 1, 2016, or 2016 Services Agreement, by and among us, Biofrontera AG, Biofrontera Pharma and Biofrontera Bioscience, enabling
us to continue to use the IT resources of Biofrontera AG and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the Biofrontera Group as well
as providing access to the Biofrontera Group s resources with respect to quality management, regulatory affairs and medical affairs.
We currently have statements of work in place regarding IT, regulatory affairs, medical affairs, pharmacovigilance, and investor relations
services, and are continuously assessing the other services historically provided to us by Biofrontera AG to determine 1) if they will
be needed, and 2) whether they can or should be obtained from other third-party providers. Expenses related to the service agreement
were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which were recorded in selling, general and administrative,
related party. Amounts due to Biofrontera AG related to the service agreement were million as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, which were recorded in accounts payable, related parties in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Clinical
Lamp Lease Agreement 

On
August 1, 2018, the Company executed a clinical lamp lease agreement with Biofrontera Bioscience GmbH Bioscience to provide
lamps and associated services. 

Total
revenue related to the clinical lamp lease agreements was approximately million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 and recorded as revenues, related party. Amounts due from Bioscience for clinical lamp and other reimbursements were approximately
 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which were recorded as accounts receivable, related party in the
consolidated balance sheets. 

Reimbursements
from Maruho Related to Cutanea Acquisition 

Pursuant
to the Cutanea acquisition share purchase agreement, we received start-up cost financing and reimbursements for certain costs. These
restructuring costs Maruho agreed to pay are referred to as SPA costs under the arrangement and are to be accounted for
as other income. Refer to Note 3, Acquisition Contract Liabilities . 

There
were 
amounts reimbursed relating to SPA costs for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021 the amounts
reimbursed relating to SPA costs were 
million and were recorded as other income in the consolidated statements of operations as the related expenses were incurred. There
were amounts due from Maruho for the year ended December 31, 2022. The amounts due from Maruho, primarily relating to SPA cost
reimbursements, were 
million as of December 31, 2021 and were recorded in other receivables, related parties in the consolidated balance
sheets. 

Others 

The
Company has recorded a receivable of 
 million and 
 million as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 due from Biofrontera AG for its 
share of the balance of a legal settlement for which both parties are jointly and severally liable as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 8, Other Receivables, Related Party . The Company has recognized 
 and 
 million of interest income for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively in connection with this receivable. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our investment in equity securities valued at million consists of common shares of Biofrontera
AG, a significant shareholder. 

In
 accordance with a Share Purchase and Transfer Agreement
dated, November 3, 2022, the Company purchased approximately shares (of the total shares) for million from Maruho. 

restructuring costs for the year ended December 31,
2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, restructuring costs were incurred in the amount of million. 

shares of common stock, par value 
 per share and 
 shares of preferred stock, par value 
per share. 

The
holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held. Common stockholders are not entitled to receive dividends, unless
declared by the Board of Directors. The Company has not declared dividends since inception. In the event of liquidation of the Company,
dissolution or winding up, the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities.
The common stock has no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions
applicable to the common stock. The outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 

Initial
Public Offering. On November 2, 2021, the Company completed its initial public offering IPO of units Units each consisting of (i) one share of common stock of the Company, par value per share and (ii) one warrant (the IPO Warrants to purchase one common stock share at an exercise price of per share. The IPO Warrants are immediately exercisable upon issuance
for a period of after the issuance date. The common stock shares and Warrants were issued separately in the offering and may
be transferred separately immediately upon issuance. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, with gross proceeds from the IPO
of approximately million, offset by million in offering costs. 

At
the IPO date, the underwriters also exercised in full their option to purchase up to an additional IPO Warrants at the purchase
price of per Warrant to cover over-allotments. 

In
connection with the IPO, the Company also issued to the underwriters Unit Purchase Options UPO to purchase, in the aggregate,
(a) Units and (b) Warrants (relating to the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option in full, with respect
to the Warrants). The UPOs have an exercise price of if exercisable for Units and if exercisable for Warrants. The UPOs
are exercisable at any time from October 28, 2021 Effective Date through the 5 th anniversary of the Effective
Date. 

The
UPOs issued to the underwriters were accounted for as equity under ASC 718, Compensation -Stock Compensation ASC 718 ).
The fair value of the UPOs, which were fully vested at the issuance date, was recognized as an offering cost against the proceeds from
the IPO. The estimated fair value of the UPO Units of million at the IPO date was determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing
model with the following assumptions: fair value of the underlying unit of , expected volatility of , risk free rate of ,
remaining contractual term of years and a dividend yield of . The estimated fair value of the UPO Warrants of at the IPO
date was determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: fair value of the underlying unit of ,
expected volatility of , risk free rate of , remaining contractual term of years and a dividend yield of . 

Private
Placement - On December 1, 2021, the Company settled the private placement in connection with a securities purchase agreement dated
November 29, 2021 December 2021 PIPE ). In the December 2021 PIPE, the Company issued for the gross cash receipts of 
(i) shares of the common stock, (ii) a warrant to purchase up to shares of the common stock Purchase Warrant and (iii) a warrant to purchase up to shares of the common stock Pre-Funded Warrant ). Each of the Purchase Warrant
and the Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable immediately and has an exercise term of five years and an exercise price of: (a) per
share with respect to the Purchase Warrant and (b) a nominal exercise price of per share with respect to the Pre-Funded Warrant.
The shares of common stock and the accompanying warrants were issued separately and were immediately separable upon issuance. The combined
purchase price for one share of common stock and one Purchase Warrant was and the combined purchase price for one Pre-Funded Warrant
and one common warrant was . 

On
December 28, 2021, common stock shares were issued from the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrant at an exercise price of 
per share of the Company s common stock. 

In
connection with the December 2021 PIPE, the Company, issued Unit Purchase Options PP-UPO to the placement agents to purchase,
in the aggregate, (a) Units, consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase common stock. The PP-UPOs have
an exercise price of and are exercisable at any time for the period of years. 

The
PP-UPOs issued to the underwriters were accounted for under ASC 718, Compensation -Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). The
fair value of the PP-UPOs, which were fully vested at the issuance date, was recognized as an offering cost of the December 2021
PIPE and allocated between warrants and common stock, based on the allocated proceeds. The Company estimated the fair value of the
unit purchase options to be approximately 
million at December 1, 2021 of which 
million was allocated to the warrants and immediately expensed in the consolidated statement of operations and 
million was allocated to the common stock and charged to equity. The fair value was determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing
model with the following assumptions: fair value of the underlying unit of ,
expected volatility of ,
risk free rate of ,
remaining contractual term of years
and a dividend yield of . 

Private
Placement - On May 16, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement May 2022 PIPE ). In the May 2022
PIPE, the Company issued for the gross cash receipts of million (i) shares of the common stock, (ii) a warrant to purchase
up to shares of the common stock 2022 Purchase Warrant and (iii) a warrant to purchase up to shares
of the common stock 2022 Pre-Funded Warrant ). The purchase price for one share of common stock (or common stock equivalent)
and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock was . The 2022 Purchase Warrant will be exercisable nine months after the issue
date, expires five and one-half years after the issue date and has an exercise price of: per share. The Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable
immediately and has a term of exercise equal to five years with a nominal exercise price of per share. 

Because
the warrants are accounted for as liabilities, the May 2022 PIPE proceeds were allocated between the fair value of the warrants with
the remaining proceeds allocated to common stock and additional paid in capital. 

Exercise
of 2022 Pre-Funded Warrant - On July 14, 2022, an investor exercised the 2022 Pre-Funded Warrant and purchased a total of 
shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, resulting in negligible net proceeds, 

Exercise
of 2021 Purchase Warrant and Issuance of July 2022 Inducement Warrant - On July 26, 2022, the Company entered into the Inducement
Letter with the holder of the Company s 2021 Purchase Warrants (the Investor ). The 2021 Purchase Warrants were originally
issued on December 1, 2021 to purchase up to shares of common stock, par value per share. The Investor agreed to exercise
for cash, the 2021 Purchase Warrants, in exchange for the Company s agreement to (i)
lower the exercise price of the 2021 Purchase Warrants from to per share and (ii) issue a new warrant (the Inducement
Warrant to purchase up to shares of common stock. The Company received proceeds of million, from the exercise
of the 2021 Purchase Warrants and expensed the related issuance costs of million. 

The
Inducement Warrant is exercisable on or after at a price per share of and expires on . 

Adoption
of a stockholder rights plan. On October 13, 2022 the Board of Directors Board authorized and declared a dividend
distribution of one Preferred Stock Purchase Right (a Right for each outstanding share of common stock to stockholders
of record as of the close of business on October 24, 2022. In addition, one Right will automatically attach to each share of Common Stock
issued between the record date of the distribution and the earlier of the distribution date and the expiration date of the Rights. Each
Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company a unit consisting of one ten-thousandth of a share (a Unit of Series A Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value per share, of the Company at a cash exercise price of 
per Unit, subject to adjustment, under certain conditions. The complete terms of the Rights are set forth in the Stockholder Rights Agreement,
dated October 13, 2022, between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A, as Rights agent. 

While
the stockholder rights plan described above (the Rights Plan is effective immediately, the Rights would become exercisable
only if a person or group, or anyone acting in concert with such a person or group, acquires beneficial ownership, as defined in the
Rights Agreement, of 20 or more of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock in a transaction not approved by the Company s
Board of Directors. The Rights Plan will expire on October 13, 2023. 

Under
the Rights Plan, a person or group who beneficially owned 20 or more of the Company s outstanding Common Stock prior to the first
public announcement of the Rights Plan on October 14, 2022 will not trigger the Rights so long as they do not acquire beneficial ownership
of any additional shares of Common Stock at a time when they still beneficially own 20 or more of such Common Stock. 

Series
A Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock. In connection with the adoption of the Rights Plan, the Board approved a Certificate
of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock which designates the rights, preferences and privileges of
 shares of Preferred Stock. The Certificate of Designations was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware and became effective
on October 13, 2022. 

Exchange
Agreement On October 25, 2022, the Company entered into private exchange agreements with certain holders of options to acquire
ordinary shares, nominal value per share, of Biofrontera AG, a German stock corporation, pursuant to which the parties agreed
to a negotiated private exchange of shares of the Company s common stock in exchange for the AG Options. 

Exercised 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Issued 
 
 - 

Exercised 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

shares are reserved and authorized for awards and the maximum contractual term is . On December 12, 2022, the 2021 Plan was amended by our stockholders and
the number of shares authorized for awards under the 2021 Plan was increased by to .
As of December 31, 2022, there were 
shares available for future awards under the amended 2021 Plan. 

Non-qualified
stock options 

We
maintain the 2021 Plan for the benefit of our officers, directors and employees. Employee stock options granted under the 2021 Plan generally
vest in equal annual installments over three years and are exercisable for a period of up to ten years from the grant date. Non-employee
director options vest in equal monthly installments following the date of grant and will be fully vested on the one-year anniversary
of the date of grant. All stock options are exercisable at a price equal to the market value of the common shares underlying the option
on the grant date. 

The
Company recognizes the grant-date fair value of share-based awards granted as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service period. The fair value of stock options is estimated at the time of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model,
which requires the use of inputs and assumptions such as the fair value of the underlying stock, exercise price of the option, expected
term, risk-free interest rate, expected volatility and dividend yield. The Company elects to account for forfeitures as they occur. 

- 

Expected term (in years) 

- 

Risk-free interest rate 

- 

Expected dividend yield 

Share-based
compensation expense of approximately 
million was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for
the year ended December 31, 2022. There was negligible share-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31,
2021. 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Canceled or forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Canceled or forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

(1) 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options held by employees and
directors, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

Share-Based
Compensation (RSUs) 

Restricted
Stock Units RSUs will vest annually over two years, subject to the recipient s continued service with the Company
through the applicable vesting dates. The fair value of each RSU is estimated based on the closing market price of the Company s
common stock on the grant date. 

Share-based
compensation expense of million
and million for the RSUs was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs, which is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of approximately years. The total fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 

Issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding balance at December 31, 2021 

Awarded 

Issued 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding balance at December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

Contract asset interest expense 

Interest income- related party 
 
 - 
 
 Interest income other 

Interest expense, net 

Contract
asset interest expense relates to the million contract asset in connection with the million start-up cost financing received
from Maruho under the Cutanea acquisition share purchase agreement. The contract asset is amortized on a straight-line basis using a
 interest rate over the financing arrangement contract term, which ends on . 

Related
party interest income relates to the recorded receivable of million from Biofrontera AG for its share of the balance of a legal
settlement. 

Other, net 

Other income, net 

Other,
net, primarily includes gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions and gain on termination of operating leases. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Common stock options and RSUs 

Unit Purchase Options 

Anti-dilutive securities excluded from computation of earnings per share 

upon written notice to the landlord. The extension period has not been included
in the determination of the ROU asset or the lease liability as the Company concluded that it is not reasonably certain that it
would exercise this option. The Company provided the landlord with a security deposit in the amount of 
million, which was recorded as other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Company has also entered into a master lease agreement for its vehicles. After an initial non-cancelable twelve-month period each
vehicle is leased on a month to month basis. Based on historical retention experience of approximately three
years, the vehicles have expiration dates ranging from February 2023 through September 2025. 

In
calculating the present value of the lease payments, the Company has elected to utilize its incremental borrowing rate based on the
original lease term and not the remaining lease term. Given the absence of an outstanding debt agreement, a synthetic credit
rating analysis was used in estimating the Company s IBR. 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total lease expense 

Other Information 

Operational cash flow used for operating leases 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

Weighted -average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted -average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total lease liability 

Operating lease liability, non-current 

Total 

Cutanea payments 

We
have a contract in which we agreed to repay to Maruho 
million on December 31, 2022 and 
million on December 31, 2023 in start-up cost financing paid to us in connection with the Cutanea acquisition. 

We
have filed for arbitration against Maruho with the International Chamber of Commerce ICC regarding issues
with Maruho s contract manufacturer that were not disclosed at the time of the Agreement and therefore are evaluating the repayment
of the 
 million of start-up costs. The arbitration notes
that Maruho breached the agreement with Cutanea due to the undisclosed manufacturing issues and seeks damages as well as a declaration
that we are not obligated to repay Maruho. 

We
are also obligated to share product profits with Maruho equally from January 1, 2020 through October 30, 2030. Refer to Note 3, Acquisition
Contract Liabilities . 

Milestone
payments with Ferrer Internacional S.A. 

Under
the Xepi LSA, we are obligated to make payments to Ferrer upon the occurrence of certain milestones. Specifically, we must pay Ferrer
i) 
 upon the first occasion when annual net sales
of Xepi under the Xepi LSA exceed ,
and ii) 
 upon the first occasion annual net sales of Xepi 
 under the Xepi LSA exceed .
No payments were made in 2022 or 2021 related to Xepi milestones. 

Contingent
liability related to shares of Biofrontera AG acquired from Maruho through subscription rights 

Dependent
on the outcome of legal proceedings between Biofrontera AG and Maruho, the Company may be liable for an additional payout of million
in relation to the shares of Biofrontera AG acquired from Maruho through a subscription rights agreement. In accordance with ASC 450-20-50-3,
 Contingencies, we have not accrued any liability associated with the subscription rights purchase, as the liability is not considered
probable. 

Legal
proceedings 

At
each reporting date, the Company evaluates whether or not a potential loss amount or a potential range of loss is probable and
reasonably estimable under the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 450, Contingencies . The Company expenses as incurred the legal
costs related to such legal proceedings. 

On
November 29, 2021, the Company entered into a settlement and release agreement with respect to a lawsuit filed March 23, 2018 in the
United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts in which we were alleged to have infringed on certain patents and misappropriated
certain trade secrets. In the settlement, the Company and Biofrontera AG together agreed to make an aggregate payment of million
and engage a forensic expert to destroy data at issue in the litigation to settle the claims in the litigation. 

While
Biofrontera AG has agreed to pay fifty percent of the settlement costs, we remain jointly and severally liable to DUSA for the full cash
settlement amount, meaning that in the event Biofrontera AG does not pay all or a portion of the amount it owes under the Agreement,
DUSA could compel us to pay Biofrontera AG s share. If either we or Biofrontera AG violates the terms of the settlement agreement,
we or Biofrontera AG may be liable for a greater amount. If we become liable for more than our agreed share of the aggregate settlement
amount, either of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and/or results of
operations. As of December 31, 2022, we have reflected a legal settlement liability in the amount of million for
the remaining payments due under the settlement, including the estimated remaining cost of the forensic expert and a related receivable
from related party of million for the remaining legal settlement costs to be reimbursed in accordance with the Settlement Allocation
Agreement, which provided that the settlement payments, including the cost of the forensic expert, would first be made by the Company
and then reimbursed by Biofrontera AG for its share. 

. 

For
each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, matching contribution costs paid by the Company were million. 

million. The Revolving Facility shall be secured by a lien on substantially all of the assets of the Company,
subject to customary exceptions. 

The
proceeds of the loans under the Revolving Facility shall be used by the Company to provide working capital. The Revolving Facility shall
bear interest at the 30-Day Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, set monthly on the first day of the month and subject to a floor of , plus
 . In the event of a called event of default, a default interest rate of percent shall be added to the aforementioned rate.
Under the terms of the Revolving Facility, amounts available for advances would be subject to a borrowing base, which is a formula based
on certain eligible receivables and reserves. 

F- 30 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period
covered by this Form 10-K, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable
assurance level. 

Previously
Identified Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

In
connection with the audits of our financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, we identified
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. The previously identified material weakness pertains to our oversight
of work being performed for the Company by third-party service providers; as the Company s management review control over information
produced by third-party service providers was not sufficiently precise to identify errors. Specifically, as part of the valuation of
an intangible asset in connection with the acquisition of Cutanea, we failed to identify a computational error within the valuation model
for the Xepi intangible asset. In addition, in 2021 an error in the valuation of the same intangible asset was identified
relating to insufficient information being provided to the third-party consultant in connection with an impairment assessment. 

We
have continued our remediation work by adding steps to the engagement of third-party specialists who provide assistance with complex
or judgmental accounting areas, including checks and balances over the proper flow of information to the specialist to allow for an adequate
understanding of the transaction. 

We
have also continued to assess the competency of any third-party specialists prior to engagement to ensure that the Company is
utilizing appropriate firms and individuals with regard to technical accounting matters. Annually, this assessment is documented to
support the Company s assessment of third-party specialists used as part of the financial reporting process. 

We
have implemented controls and procedures to ensure that an appropriate and sufficient review is being performed over both the data being
provided to and from any third-party specialists. These checks are designed to ensure that the Company is providing all relevant data
to third-party specialists, and that sufficient procedures are being performed to validate and challenge the assumptions in any valuation
reports, validate that the detail in the valuation is accurate, and that any formulas and calculations are validated for clerical accuracy. 

As a result of the remediation activities
and controls in place as of December 31, 2022 described above, we have remediated this previously disclosed material weakness. However,
completion of remediation does not provide assurance that our remediated controls will continue to operate properly or that our financial
statements will be free from error. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on the results of its evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Remediation
of Prior Material Weakness 

Through
effective implementation of the Company s remediation plan, the Company has strengthened its internal control environment and has
addressed the material weaknesses that were identified at December 31, 2021. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO, in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our
assessment, the Company concluded that the material weakness has been remediated as of December 31, 2022. 

Attestation
Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act, we are exempt from the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. As a result, our independent registered public accounting firm has not audited or issued an attestation
report with respect to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act), other than the certain internal controls implemented in connection with our remediation efforts described above. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

On
March 9, 2023, we entered into the Commitment Letter with MidCap, in respect of MidCap s commitment to provide us with the Revolving
Facility, subject to the borrowing base formula, minimum excess availability and other terms and conditions thereof, in the aggregate
principal amount of up to 6.5 million. The Revolving Facility shall be secured by a lien on substantially all of the assets of the Company,
subject to customary exceptions. 

The
proceeds of the loans under the Revolving Facility shall be used by the Company to provide working capital. 

Pursuant
to the Commitment Letter, the final documentation for the Revolving Facility shall include conditions to borrowings, representations
and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and other terms and conditions, each to be negotiated and mutually agreed and customary
for financings of this type and size. 

The
Revolving Facility shall bear interest at the 30-Day Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, set monthly on the first day of the month and subject to
a floor of 2.25 , plus 4.00 . In the event of a called event of default, a default interest rate of 3.00 percent shall be added to the
aforementioned rate. Under the terms of the Revolving Facility, amounts available for advances would be subject to a borrowing base,
which is a formula based on certain eligible receivables and reserves. 

The
Company also is obligated to pay MidCap certain fees and charges, including (i) at closing, a facility fee equal to 2.00 times the commitments
under the Revolving Facility, (ii) an annual fee equal to 1.00 times the commitments under the Revolving Facility, (iii) audit fees
in connection with any audits or inspections by MidCap or its agents of collateral or the Company s operations or business (not
to exceed 10,000 per year), (iv) a collateral monitoring charge of 2,000 per month and (v) an unused line fee of 0.375 per annum on
the daily average of the undrawn portion of the commitments under the Revolving Facility. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

60 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Executive
Officers and Directors 

The
following table provides information regarding our executive officers and members of our board of directors (ages as of the date of this
Form 10-K): 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Since 
 
 Executive
 Officers 

Prof.
 Hermann L bbert Ph.D. 
 
 66 
 
 Executive
 Chairman and Director 
 
 November
 2021 
 
 Erica
 Monaco, CPA 
 
 38 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 November
 2021 
 
 Eugene
 Frederick Leffler III 
 
 39 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 October
 2022 

Non-Employee
 Directors 

John
 J. Borer 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 November
 2021 
 
 Loretta
 M. Wedge, CPA, CCGMA 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 November
 2021 
 
 Beth
 J. Hoffman, Ph.D. 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 November
 2021 
 
 Kevin
 D. Weber 
 
 64 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 2022 

Executive
Officers 

Prof.
Hermann L bbert, Ph.D. founded Biofrontera AG in 1997 and has served as Biofrontera Inc. s Executive Chairman since November
2021 and as chairman of its board of directors since March 2015. Until December 2021, Prof. Dr. L bbert had served as the chief
executive officer of Biofrontera AG, chairman of the management board of Biofrontera AG, and as a managing director of all subsidiaries
of Biofrontera AG. Prof. Dr. L bbert has also served as the chief executive officer of Biofrontera Inc. (March 2015 January
2020; March 2021-November 2021) and as the chairman of Biofrontera Inc. s board of directors (March 2015-present). He studied biology
in his hometown of Cologne and received his doctorate there in 1984. Following 3.5 years in academic research at the University of Cologne
and the California Institute of Technology, he gained experience in managing a global research organization during 10 years at Sandoz,
where he served as Head of Genome Research, and Novartis Pharma AG, where he served as a member of the global Neuroscience Research Management
Team. He qualified as a university lecturer at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) Zurich and in addition to his engagements
at Biofrontera held a professorship for animal physiology at the Ruhr-University Bochum from which he retired on February 28, 2022. 

61 

Erica
Monaco has served as Biofrontera Inc. s Chief Executive Officer since November 2021. She has held senior leadership positions
since joining Biofrontera in 2016, including as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer and acted as a member of Biofrontera
Inc. s Board of Directors from January 2020 until November 2021. Erica previously held financial leadership roles with SUN Pharma
from 2013 to 2016 where she directed financial operations for two GMP facilities specializing in PDT, sterile injectable diagnostics
and contract manufacturing. Prior to 2013, Erica worked for WGBH Educational Foundation managing financial planning and analysis for
public media production and broadcasting and for Deloitte providing audit, assurance and tax consulting services for public companies.
Erica received her Bachelor of Business Administration with an Accounting concentration and her Master of Science in Accounting (M.S.A)
from The Isenberg School of Management at the University of Massachusetts. She holds an active CPA license. 

Fred
Leffler has served as Biofrontera Inc s Chief Financial Officer since October 2022. Mr. Leffler is an experienced financial
executive with 15 years of leadership, financial management, consultancy and operations experience across a range of private and public
organizations, including growth-stage, private equity and Fortune 100 companies. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Leffler served as
a Senior Manager at McKinsey Company since January 2022 as well as in different capacities, including Associate and Senior Manager
from September 2015 to November 2019. Prior to rejoining McKinsey Company, Mr. Leffler served as the Senior Director, Corporate
Finance Restructuring of FTI Consulting from August 2020 to January 2022. Prior to joining FTI Consulting, he served as Vice President,
Data Analytics of Rockcreek from November 2019 to August 2020. Earlier in his career, Mr. Leffler held various financial positions
at General Electric and Sun Edison. Fred received his Bachelor of Science, Business Administration (BSBA) degree from the Ohio State
University Fisher School of Business, and his Master of Business Administration (MBA) from Duke University s Fuqua School of Business. 

Non-Employee
Directors 

John
J. Borer III, J.D. became a member of our board of directors in November 2021. Since 2012, he has been the Senior Managing Director
and Co-Head of Investment Banking at The Benchmark Company, LLC. He was formerly the Chief Executive Officer and Head of Investment Banking
at Rodman Renshaw and has held senior positions at Security Pacific Business Credit and Barclays American Business Credit. Mr.
Borer has also served on the Supervisory Board of Biofrontera AG since May 2016 until December 2021. He holds a Doctor of Law degree
(J.D.) from Loyola Law School in Los Angeles, California and a degree in Agricultural Economics from The University of California, Davis. 

Loretta
M. Wedge, CPA, CCGMA became a member of our board of directors in November 2021. She has been the Managing Partner of SemperFi Accounting
Services, LLC since July 2019. Prior to that, from February to October 2017 she was the Vice President, Finance Controller of Velcro
Companies and between June 2015 and February 2017, she was the Vice President Controller of CRISPR Therapeutics. Ms. Wedge is a
financial executive with over 25 years of both public and private sector experience including extensive manufacturing, utility, medical
device, bio-pharma and experience. She has an M.B.A. from California State University in Sacramento, California. She holds an active
CPA license and is also a Certified Chartered Global Management Accountant. 

Beth
J. Hoffman, Ph.D. became a member of our board of directors in November 2021. Dr. Hoffman is the founder, and, since 2015, has been
the President and Chief Executive Officer, of Origami Therapeutics, Inc., in San Diego, California. Dr. Hoffman has over 20 years of
experience in drug discovery and development. Dr. Hoffman has made major contributions to the launch of two first-in-class drugs and
two best-in-class drugs for Cystic Fibrosis. Beth holds her Ph.D. in Biology from The Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland. 

Kevin
D. Weber became a member of our board of directors in March 2022. Mr. Weber is an experienced pharmaceutical executive who brings
to Biofrontera more than 30 years of executive and commercialization experience with a particular expertise in product marketing. He
has worked in a range of therapeutic areas including clinical and aesthetic dermatology, pain management, inborn errors of metabolism
and respiratory medicine. He recently retired from his position as a Principal at Skysis, a biotech-focused brand management consulting
practice, and previously served as CEO of Paraffin International. Prior to Paraffin, Mr. Weber served in senior executive and marketing
roles at Depomed, Hyperion Therapeutics and Medicis Pharmaceuticals. From 2016 to 2021 Mr. Weber served as a member of the supervisory
board of Biofrontera AG. Mr. Weber previously served on the Boards of Directors of the American Academy of Pain Medicine Foundation,
the American Chronic Pain Association and the Arizona Bioindustry Association. He holds a B.S. in Business Administration from Western
Michigan University. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any director or executive officer. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our directors, executive officers or control persons have been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1.
any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2.
any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
offences); 

3.
being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or
banking activities; or 

4.
being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

62 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of our common
stock to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership
and annual reports concerning their ownership of our common stock and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive
officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
reports that they file. 

Based
solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe
that during fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 our officers, directors and greater than 10 percent beneficial owners were in compliance
with all applicable filing requirements except for (a) a late Form 4 filed for Prof. Dr. L bbert on January 19, 2022
to report employee stock grants, (b) late Form 4s filed for Prof. Dr. L bbert, Ms. Monaco, Ms. Hoffman, Ms. Wedge, Mr. Weber and
Mr. Borer on May 26, 2022 to report equity compensation and (c) a late Form 4 filed for Prof. Dr. L bbert and Ms. Monaco on September
19, 20222 to report the vesting of restricted stock units. 

Code
of Ethics and Code of Conduct 

We
have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions.
A copy of the code is posted on our website at https://investors.biofrontera-us.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Code-of-Conduct.pdf .
In addition, we post on our website all disclosures that are required by law or the Nasdaq listing standards concerning any amendments
to, or waivers from, any provision of the code. The information on or accessed through our website is deemed not to be incorporated in
this Form 10-K or to be part of this Form 10-K. 

Procedures
for Shareholders to Recommend Director Nominees 

There
have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have an audit committee of the board of directors, which consists of Mr. Weber, Dr. Hoffman and Ms. Wedge. Before the expiration of the
phase-in period applicable to initial public offerings under SEC and Nasdaq rules, all members of our audit committee will be independent
for audit committee purposes. The board of directors has determined that Ms. Wedge qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, 
as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. 

The
audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing
 and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board
 whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K 

discussing
 with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation
 of our financial statements; 

discussing
 with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring
 the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible
 for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

63 

reviewing
 and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the
 services to be performed; 

appointing
 or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and
 the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; and 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
 or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Executive
Compensation during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 

Name and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock awards ) 
 Option awards ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Erica Monaco, CPA, Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 433,823 
 120,798 
 398,474 
 243,100 
 346 
 1,196,541 

2021 
 294,231 
 107,658 
 270,407 
 140,441 
 235 
 812,972 
 
 Eugene Frederick Leffler III 
 2022 
 54,615 
 25,000 
 - 
 - 
 55 
 79,670 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Prof. Hermann L bbert Ph.D., Executive Chairman 
 2022 
 474,739 
 - 
 498,092 
 303,785 
 1,616 
 1,278,232 

2021 
 18,019 
 - 
 540,818 
 280,885 
 - 
 839,722 

for services during December 14, 2021 December 31, 2021 

 for
services during October 24, 2022 December 31, 2022 

Refer
to Note: 20. Equity Incentive Plans and Share-Based Payments of the Notes to the Financial Statements for all assumptions
used in the valuation of the stock awards and option awards. 

64 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Executive
Compensation Arrangements 

The
following summarizes the material terms of the employment offer letters and employment agreements with each of our named executive officers. 

Monaco
Employment Agreement 

On
October 21, 2019, we entered into an employment agreement with Erica Monaco pursuant to which she agreed to continue to serve as our
Vice President of Finance and Operations. This agreement was amended on January 6, 2020, pursuant to which she agreed to serve as our
Chief Financial Officer in consideration for an annual base salary of 270,000 and eligibility to receive a cash bonus of up to 30 of
her base salary and to participate in any benefit programs we make available to our employees. Ms. Monaco s employment agreement
is for no particular terms and provides at will employment, provided that, if we terminate Ms. Monaco without cause 
(as such term is defined in Ms. Monaco s employment agreement), we must provide her with ninety (90) days notice. 

On
August 11, 2021, we entered into a new employment agreement with Ms. Monaco. The agreement provides that Ms. Monaco will serve as our
Chief Executive Officer with a base salary of 300,000 as well as provides a signing bonus of 75,000 paid in two installments. The terms
of this agreement are otherwise substantially the same with those of her current employment agreement. 

On April 1, 2022, we entered into an amendment to the employment agreement with Ms. Monaco. The agreement was amended
to provide for an annual base salary of 450,000 and eligibility to receive a cash bonus up to 60 of base salary upon the attainment
of performance goals set in advance by the Board of Directors. The actual amount of the bonus shall depend upon the level of achievement
of set targets, however, no bonus shall be paid if the level of target achievement is below 70 . Upon termination of employment by the Company other than termination for Cause , Ms. Monaco shall be entitled to a severance payment equal to one twelfth of her then-current annual base salary for each full year of employment; provided, however, that such payment shall not exceed two full years of Ms. Monaco s then-current base salary. 

65 

L bbert
Employment Agreement 

On
October 1, 2021, we entered into an amended employment agreement with Prof. Dr. L bbert that became effective on December 14, 2021,
the day after his last day of employment with Biofrontera AG. The agreement provides that Prof. Dr. L bbert will continue to serve
as our Executive Chairman and devote 100 of his time to his role as Executive Chairman. Subsequently, Prof Dr. L bbert s
agreement was further amended on March 2, 2022 (effective retroactively to December 15, 2021) to establish his base salary of 468,500,
with eligibility to receive a cash bonus of up to 65 of his base salary upon the attainment of performance goals set in advance by the
Board. The actual amount of any bonus shall depend upon the level of achievement of set targets. No bonus will be paid if our board of
directors determines that the target achievement of the respective year was below 70 . We also agree to allow Prof. Dr. L bbert
to participate in any benefit programs we make available to our employees. 

Upon termination of employment by the Company other
than termination for Cause , Mr. L bbert shall be entitled to a severance payment equal to one twelfth of his then-current
annual base salary for each full year of employment (including Biofrontera AG, as a past affiliate of the Company); provided, however,
that such payment shall not exceed two full years of Mr. L bbert s then-current base salary. 

Leffler
Employment Agreement 

On
October 3, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Leffler to serve as our Chief Financial Officer. The agreement provides
for an annual base salary of 355,000, with a one-time signing bonus of 25,000, receipt of 100,000 stock options and eligibility to
participate in any benefit programs we make available to our employees. Mr. Leffler may receive a bonus of up to 40 of his base salary
upon attainment of performance goals set in advance by the Chief Executive Officer. 

In
the event that Mr. Leffler experiences a termination of his employment without cause or he resigns for good
reason outside of a period during which provisions related to a change in control (as such terms are defined in
the employment agreement) are in effect, provided that he executes and makes effective a release of claims against the Company and
its affiliates, Mr. Leffler will become entitled to a lump sum payment in an amount equal to one-twelfth of his annual base salary
for each full year of employment; further provided that such payment will not be less than six months of his then-current base
salary, and shall not exceed two full years of, his then-current base salary. If Mr. Leffler experiences a termination of his
employment without cause or he resigns for good reason within a certain period of a change in
control, he will be entitled to certain benefits and an enhanced severance payment. 

2022
Equity Awards 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman hold outstanding options and restricted stock unit awards that were awarded in the fiscal
years ending December 31, 2022, and 2021, following our initial public offering. These awards are described in more detail in the Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End table below and in Note 20, Equity Incentive Plans and Share-Based Payments of the Notes to the
Financial Statements for additional information. 

We
maintain the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which provided for the issuance of stock option awards to our eligible employees (including
our named executive officers). See additional details in the General Information About the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 below. 

Ms.
Monaco s Stock Option Award 

On
December 9, 2021, Ms. Monaco was granted an option to purchase 56,689 shares of our common stock under the terms of the 2021 Omnibus
Incentive Plan, as described below, at an exercise price of 4.77 per share. Subject to Ms. Monaco s continued employment through
the applicable vesting date, the option will vest and become exercisable in three equal annual installments, beginning on December 9,
2022. In the event of Ms. Monaco s death, disability, or termination for good reason while any portion of the option remains unvested,
the option will become immediately vested and exercisable with respect to 100 percent of the option shares as of the date of such occurrence.
In the event of termination for cause, Ms. Monaco will forfeit the vested and unvested portions of the option. In the event of termination
for any other reason, the unvested portion of the option will be forfeited as of the termination date, and the vested portion will expire
on the earlier of the last day of the applicable option period or the 90 th day following the termination date. 

Ms.
Monaco s Award of Restricted Stock Units 

On
December 9, 2021, Ms. Monaco also received a grant of 56,689 restricted stock units under the terms of the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan,
as described below, and subject to the applicable award agreement between Ms. Monaco and the Company. Each restricted stock unit represents
a contingent right to receive one share of our common stock. The restricted stock units vest on June 9, 2022, subject to Ms. Monaco s
continued employment through the vesting date. Each vested restricted stock unit will be settled, at the Company s discretion,
in shares, cash or a combination of shares and cash, within 60 days of the vesting date. Ms. Monaco is entitled to dividend equivalents
with respect to the restricted stock units. In the event of Ms. Monaco s death, disability, or termination for good reason while
the restricted stock units remain unvested, 100 percent of the restricted stock units will become immediately vested as of the date of
such occurrence. In the event of termination or cause, the unvested and vested portion of the restricted stock units will be cancelled
immediately and any rights to the underlying shares of stock will be forfeited. 

66 

Prof.
Dr. L bbert s Stock Option Award 

On
December 9, 2021, 2021, Prof. Dr. L bbert was granted an option to purchase 113,379 shares of our common stock under the terms of
the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as described below, at an exercise price of 4.77 per share. Subject to Prof. Dr. L bbert s
continued employment through the applicable vesting date, the options will vest in three equal annual installments beginning on December
9, 2022. In the event of the Prof. Dr. L bbert s death, disability, or termination for good reason while any portion of the
option remains unvested, the option will become immediately vested and exercisable with respect to 100 percent of the option shares as
of the date of such occurrence. In the event of termination for cause, Prof. Dr. L bbert will forfeit immediately the vested and
unvested portions of the option. In the event of termination for any other reason, the unvested portion of the option will be forfeited
as of the termination date, and the vested portion will expire on the earlier of the last day of the applicable option period or the
90 th day following the termination date. 

Prof.
Dr. L bbert s Award of Restricted Stock Units 

On
December 9, 2021, Prof. Dr. L bbert also received a grant of 113,379 restricted stock units under the terms of the 2021 Omnibus
Incentive Plan, as described below, and subject to the applicable award agreement between Prof. Dr. L bbert and the Company. Each
restricted stock unit represents a contingent right to receive one share of our common stock. The restricted stock units vest on June
9, 2022, subject to Prof. Dr. L bbert s continued employment through the vesting date. Each vested restricted stock unit will
be settled, at the Company s discretion, in shares, cash or a combination of shares and cash, within 60 days of the vesting date.
Prof. Dr. L bbert is entitled to dividend equivalents with respect to the restricted stock units. In the event of Prof. Dr. L bbert s
death, disability, or termination for good reason while the restricted stock units remain unvested, 100 percent of the restricted stock
units will become immediately vested as of the date of such occurrence. In the event of termination for cause, the unvested and vested
portions of the restricted stock units will be cancelled immediately and any rights to the underlying shares of stock will be forfeited. 

General
Information About the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

On
July 23, 2021, our board of directors adopted and our sole shareholder at the time approved the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The purpose
of the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan is to enable the Company to attract, retain and motivate its employees by providing for or increasing
their proprietary interests in the Company. 

The
2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan is a stock incentive plan under which we may offer securities of the Company to our employees. The 2021 Omnibus
Incentive Plan is not subject to any provisions of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and is not qualified under
Section 401(a) of the Code. The 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan permits Biofrontera to satisfy any awards under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive
Plan by distributing to participants (1) authorized and unissued shares of Biofrontera common stock, (2) shares of common stock held
in the Biofrontera treasury, (3) shares of Biofrontera common stock purchased on the open market or (4) shares of Biofrontera common
stock acquired through private purchase. 

Eligibility 

Employees,
directors, officers and consultants or advisors of the Company and its affiliates are eligible for awards under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive
Plan. The Committee (as discussed below) has the sole and complete authority to determine who will be granted awards under the 2021 Omnibus
Incentive Plan. 

Administration 

The
2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan is administered by the Committee, which consists of the members of our compensation committee, or if our
board of directors is acting as our compensation committee, the individuals constituting eligible directors of our board
of directors. The Committee administers the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, except in the case of awards to non-employee directors. Awards
to non-employee directors are administered by our board of directors. The Committee in its discretion may delegate any and all of its
duties to officers of the Company. The Committee or, in the case of awards to non-employee directors, our board of directors, has the
authority to determine the terms and conditions of any agreements relating to awards granted under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (agreements
may differ among participants), and to adopt, alter and repeal rules, guidelines and practices relating to the 2021 Omnibus Incentive
Plan. The Committee or, in the case of awards to non-employee directors, our board of directors, has full discretion to administer and
interpret the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, and to adopt whatever rules, regulations and procedures it deems necessary or advisable. 

67 

Duration;
Plan Amendments 

The
2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan expires by its terms on the tenth anniversary of the Plan Effective Date. However, our board of directors
may terminate the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan before that date. No awards can be granted under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan after
the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan has terminated. However, awards granted prior to the date on which the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan terminates
will not be affected by the termination and the terms and conditions of the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan will continue to apply to those
awards. 

Shares
Available for Awards 

Shares
Available for Issuance 

The
maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to awards granted under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan is
2,750,000, subject to certain adjustments for corporate transactions, as described in the section entitled
 Adjustments below. On December 12, 2022, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to
increase the number of shares authorized for issuance by 2,589,800 from 2,750,000 to 5,339,800 shares. No participant may be granted
awards of options and/or stock appreciation rights or performance compensation awards with respect to more than 900,000 shares of
common stock in any one year. On termination, forfeiture, or expiration of an unexercised stock option grant or other award, in
whole or in part, the number of shares of common stock subject to such unexercised stock option grant or other award will become
available again for grant under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Also, shares subject to a stock option grant or other award that
are not delivered to a participant because they are used to satisfy a tax withholding obligation or that are withheld to pay all or
a portion of an option s exercise price will again become available for grant under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. In
addition, shares of Biofrontera common stock will not be considered used if the award to which they relate is settled in cash.
Further, shares subject to awards granted in assumption or substitution of outstanding awards of an acquired entity shall not be
counted against the shares of our common stock available for issuance under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

Awards 

Stock
Options 

Nonqualified
or incentive stock options may be granted under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The Committee sets the terms of the stock option grant
at the time the grant is made. These terms are described in a stock option agreement. 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

Restricted
stock awards may be granted under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The Committee will set the terms of the restricted stock award at
the time of grant and will describe these terms in a restricted stock award agreement. 

If
the specified performance criteria are not achieved within the established time frame, the shares will be forfeited, unless the terms
of the applicable restricted stock award agreement also provide for service-based vesting, catch-up vesting or otherwise specifically
alter this treatment. 

68 

Restricted
Stock Units 

Restricted
stock unit awards may be granted under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The Committee will set the terms of the restricted stock unit
award at the time of grant and will describe these terms in a restricted stock unit agreement. 

Stock
Bonus Awards 

Participants
may receive under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan a grant of unrestricted shares of Biofrontera common stock or other awards, including
fully-vested deferred stock units, denominated in common stock, as determined by the Committee. 

Cash
Bonus Awards 

Participants
may also receive under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan a cash bonus award. No cash bonus award to any one Participant (as defined in
the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan) in any calendar year can exceed 1,500,000. 

Additional
Information 

Adjustments 

The
2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan provides for appropriate adjustments in the number of shares of common stock subject to awards and available
for future awards, the exercise price of outstanding awards, as well as the maximum award limits under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan,
in the event of changes in our outstanding common stock by reason of a merger, stock split, reorganization, recapitalization or similar
events. The Committee may also make these types of adjustments if a change in law or circumstances would result in any substantial dilution
or enlargement of the rights of participants under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

Repricing 

Repricing
of options and SARs is generally prohibited under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan without approval of our stockholders. 

Change
in Control 

Unless
the applicable award agreement provides otherwise, in the event of a change in control of Biofrontera (as defined in the
2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan), 

the
 Committee may in its discretion determine that all options and SARs will become vested and immediately exercisable, and/or the restricted
 period with respect to any restricted shares or restricted stock units will expire immediately (including a waiver of any applicable
 performance goals); and 

all
 incomplete performance periods in effect on the date the change in control occurs will end on the date of the change in control,
 and the Committee will determine the extent to which performance goals with respect to each such award period have been met based
 upon such audited or unaudited financial information then available as it deems relevant; and each participant will be paid partial
 or full awards with respect to performance goals for each relevant award period based upon the Committee s determination of
 the degree of attainment of any performance goals; and 

with
 respect to a Senior Participant (as defined in the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan) who is terminated by the Company or its affiliates
 without cause (as defined in the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan): (i) within twelve months following a change in control
 or, (ii) in contemplation of a change in control, all awards will become fully vested and exercisable immediately, irrespective of
 vesting schedules and the restricted period shall end at the time of the termination. 

In
the event of a change in control, the Committee may in its discretion also make adjustments to the stock options and other awards granted
under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The Committee may substitute shares of the surviving entity or another corporation that is party
to the transaction for shares of Biofrontera common stock. In connection with such an event, the Committee may also determine that outstanding
awards will be cancelled in return for a cash payment equal to the value of the cancelled awards. In the event that the Committee decides
to cancel outstanding awards, holders of outstanding awards will receive ten days advance notice. 

Tax
withholding 

Participants
in the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan must make a cash payment to us, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Committee, to satisfy
the tax withholding obligations that arise under applicable law with respect to a stock option or other award granted under the Plan,
including without limitation any U.S. federal income and employment taxes and other applicable state and local taxes. Under certain circumstances,
participants may be permitted to satisfy their tax withholding obligation, in whole or in part, by having us withhold from the shares
of common stock otherwise deliverable to them on the exercise of a stock option, restricted stock unit or SAR, or by surrendering shares
having a fair market value on the date of exercise equal to the exercise price. 

Transferability
and assignment 

In
general, participants in the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan can exercise an option or other award received under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive
Plan only during their lifetime. Unless the agreement under which the stock option or other award was granted provides otherwise, participants
cannot transfer stock options or other awards (except for shares that are not subject to a restricted period), except by will or the
laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a domestic relations order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

69 

Award
Termination; Forfeiture; Disgorgement 

The
Committee will have full power and authority to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances any award will be terminated
or forfeited. To the extent provided in the award agreement, if a participant is terminated for cause (as defined in the
2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan) or if they engage in certain activities after termination as determined by the Committee, then any outstanding
stock options or other awards granted to such participant may be cancelled, and under certain circumstances, they may be required to
return the gain received from certain awards. Awards granted under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan are also subject to any compensation
recovery policy or minimum stock holding period requirement adopted by Biofrontera. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The
following table sets forth as of the end of fiscal year 2022 all outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers: 

Option Awards 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Equity incentive plan awards: number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Number of Unearned Shares or Units That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares or Units That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Erica Monaco 

Stock options (1) 
 18,707 
 37,982 
 4.77 
 12/9/2031 

- 
 - 
 
 Stock options (3) 
 - 
 152,672 
 2.61 
 05/18/2032 

- 
 - 
 
 Restricted stock units (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

152,672 
 398,474 
 
 Hermann L bbert 

Stock options (1) 
 37,415 
 75,964 
 4.77 
 12/9/2031 

- 
 - 
 
 Stock options (3) 
 - 
 190,840 
 2.61 
 05/18/2032 

- 
 - 
 
 Restricted stock units (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

190,840 
 498,092 
 
 Eugene Frederick Leffler III 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

(1)
The option vests in three equal annual installments beginning on December 9, 2022. 

(2)
Each restricted stock unit represents a contingent right to receive one share of BFRI common stock. The restricted stock units vest in
two equal annual installments beginning on May 18, 2023. Each vested restricted stock unit will be settled, at the Company s discretion,
in shares, cash or a combination of shares and cash, within 60 days of the vesting date. 

(3)
The option vests in three equal annual installments beginning on May 18, 2023. 

Additional
Narrative Disclosure 

General
Information About the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP 

We
will use the ESPP to provide eligible employees with the opportunity to purchase our common stock, thereby encouraging employees to share
in the economic growth and success of the Company through stock ownership. The ESPP was adopted by our board of directors on July 23,
2021 and became effective upon approval of our shareholders on July 23, 2021, although we have not allocated any shares to the program
at this time. At a future date, we will seek shareholder approval to authorize the offering of shares of our common stock pursuant to
the ESPP. The ESPP is not qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, which deals with the tax treatment of qualified retirement plans.
The ESPP is intended to constitute an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the Code. The ESPP
is not subject to any provisions of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. The ESPP is administered by
our compensation committee, or a duly-authorized delegate. The administrator has full and exclusive authority to interpret the terms
of the ESPP and determine eligibility. 

In
general, unless the administrator determines otherwise, all full and part-time employees who are employed by us or a designated subsidiary
are eligible to participate in offerings under the ESPP. The administrator may exclude the following employees from offerings under the
ESPP: employees who have been employed for less than two years, are highly compensated or subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act,
or who are citizens or residents of certain foreign jurisdictions. In addition, employees who beneficially own 5 or more of the total
combined voting power of all classes of our capital stock, who are customarily employed 20 hours or less per week, or are customarily
employed for not more than five months during the year are excluded from participating in the ESPP. When shares are available, employees
may acquire shares of our common stock through payroll deductions, which may not exceed 15 of their compensation during any pay period.
The purchase price of the shares in each qualified offering will be 85 of the fair market value of our closing common stock price on
the last day of a designated offering period. 

General
Information About the 401(k) Plan 

We
sponsor a 401(k) defined contribution plan in which our named executive officers may participate, subject to limits imposed by the Code,
to the same extent as our other full-time employees. Currently, we match 50 of contributions made by participants in the 401(k) plan
up to a maximum of 6 of the employee s base salary per year. All matching contributions are subject to vesting at the rate of
25 per year of service. 

Severance
Benefits 

Prof.
Dr. L bbert, Mr. Leffler, and Ms. Monaco receive severance benefits pursuant to their employment agreements, which have been
explained in detail starting on page 65 in the section Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table. 

70 

Director
Compensation 

Director
compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was pro-rated for board members who served less than the entire service period
during fiscal 2022, are shown on the table below: 

Name 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) 
 Stock awards ) 
 Option Awards 
 ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Hermann L bbert (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Kevin Weber 
 46,399 
 
 33,132 
 79,531 
 
 John J. Borer 
 60,416 
 - 
 33,132 
 93,548 
 
 Loretta M. Wedge, CPA, CCGMA 
 63,420 
 - 
 33,132 
 96,552 
 
 Beth J. Hoffman, Ph.D. 
 59,906 
 - 
 33,132 
 93,038 

(1)
 As described above in this Item 11, Prof. Dr. L bbert was granted a stock option award and restricted stock units in his capacity
as an employee of the Company, not for his service as a director. 

Narrative
to Director Compensation Table 

Our
non-employee director compensation policy is designed to enable us to attract and retain, on a long-term basis, highly qualified non-employee
directors. Under the policy each director who is not an employee is paid cash compensation as set forth below as well as reimbursed for all reasonable travel and other expensed incurred in connection with attending Board and
Committee meetings: 

Annual Retainer 
 April 1 May 18, 2022 
 May 19 December 31, 2022 

Board of Directors: 

All non-employee members 
 35,000 
 40,250 
 
 Additional retainer for non-executive chairperson 
 30,000 
 30,000 
 
 Audit Committee: 

Members 
 7,500 
 8,000 
 
 Additional retainer for chair 
 7,500 
 8,000 
 
 Compensation Committee: 

Members 
 5,000 
 6.000 
 
 Additional retainer for chair 
 5,000 
 9,000 
 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee: 

Members 
 4,000 
 5,000 
 
 Additional retainer for chair 
 4,000 
 5,000 

These
fees are payable in four equal quarterly installments, provided that the amount of such payment will be prorated for any portion of such
quarter that the director is not serving on our board of directors or any committee of the board of directors. We also reimburse our
non-employee directors for reasonable travel and other expenses incurred in connection with attending our board of directors and committee
meetings. 

71 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table summarizes our equity compensation plan information as of December 31, 2021: 

Plan Category 
 Number of 
 Securities to Be 
 Issued upon 
 Exercise of 
 Outstanding 
 Options, Warrants 
 and Rights (a) 
 Weighted- 
 Average 
 Exercise Price of 
 Outstanding 
 Options, 
 Warrants and 
 Rights (b) 
 Number of Securities 
 Remaining Available 
 for Future Issuance 
 Under Equity 
 Compensation Plans 
 (excluding securities 
 reflected in column 
 (a)) (c) 
 
 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 2,080,856 
 3.11 
 3,088,876 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Holders and Management 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as February 28, 2023, for each person
or group known to us who beneficially owns more than 5 of our common stock, each of our directors and director nominees, each of our
named executive officers and all of our directors, director nominees and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership for the purposes of the following table is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. These rules
generally provide that a person is the beneficial owner of securities if such person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting
thereof, or to dispose or direct the disposition thereof or has the right to acquire such powers within 60 days. Our common stock subject
to options or RSUs that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2023 are deemed to be outstanding and
beneficially owned by the person holding the options or RSUs. These shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for the purposes of computing
the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as disclosed in the footnotes to this table and subject to applicable community
property laws, we believe that each shareholder identified in the table possesses sole voting and investment power over all common stock
shown as beneficially owned by the shareholder. 

Unless
otherwise noted below, the address of each person listed on the table is c/o Biofrontera Inc., 120 Presidential Way, Suite 330, Woburn,
Massachusetts 01801. 

Name of beneficial owner 
 Common Stock beneficially owned 
 of Common Stock Owned 
 Options exercisable within 60 days(1)(2) 
 
 5 or more stockholders: 

Biofrontera AG Hemmelrather Weg 201 D-51377 Leverkusen, Germany(3) 
 8,000,000 
 30.0 
 - 
 
 Abshagen Consulting GmbH Burgunderweg 8 Weinheim, Germany, 69469(4) 
 3,148,042 
 11.8 
 - 

Named executive officers and directors: 

Erica Monaco 
 56,689 
 
 18,707 
 
 Eugene Frederick Leffler III 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Hermann L bbert 
 113,379 
 - 
 37,415 
 
 John J. Borer 
 - 
 - 
 20,166 
 
 Loretta M. Wedge, CPA, CCGMA 
 - 
 - 
 20,166 
 
 Beth J. Hoffman, Ph.D. 
 - 
 - 
 20,166 
 
 Kevin D. Weber 
 - 
 
 20,166 

All current directors and executive officers as a group (7 persons) 
 170,068 
 1.15 
 136,786 

Represents
 beneficial ownership of less than 1 of outstanding shares of our common stock. 

(1) On December 9, 2021, the Company granted options to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of 4.77 per share up to (a) in the case of Prof. Dr. L bbert, 113,379 shares and (b) in the case of Ms. Monaco, 56,689 shares. The options vest in three equal annual installments beginning on December 9, 2022. The 37,415 shares for Prof. Dr. L bbert and the 18,707 shares for Ms. Monaco represent the options under such grants that will have vested within 60 days of the date of this proxy statement. 

(2) On May 18, 2022, the Company granted non-qualified stock options to each of the non-employee directors to purchase 22,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 2.61. The non-employee director options vest in equal monthly installments following the date of grant. The 20,166 shares reported in the table above for each non-employee director represent the options that will have vested within 60 days of the date of this proxy statement. 

(3) Information is based upon a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022 by Biofrontera AG. According to a Schedule 13D/A Zours Schedule 13D filed by Deutsche Balaton Aktiengesellschaft DB ), VV Beteiligungen Aktiengesellschaft VVB ), Delphi Unternehmensberatung Aktiengesellschaft DU ), Wilhelm Konrad Thomas Zours, Alexander Link and Rolf Birkert on September 19, 2022, Mr. Zours owns a majority interest in DU and is the sole member of the boards of management of VVB and DU. DU owns a majority interest in VVB. VVB owns a majority interest in DB and DB holds 1,177,676 shares of common stock representing 4.41 of the Company s outstanding stock. In the Zours Schedule 13D, Mr. Zours also includes the shares of Biofrontera Inc. held by Biofrontera AG, but disclaims beneficial ownership. If Mr. Zours was deemed to have voting and dispositive voting power over the shares held by Biofrontera AG, then Mr. Zours would be the beneficial owner of 34.4 of the Company s outstanding stock. 

(4) Information is based upon a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on November 4, 2022 by Abshagen Consulting GmbH. 

72 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
following are summaries of certain provisions of transactions within the past three years to which we have been a party, in which the
amount involved exceeds or will exceed 120,000 and in which any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our
capital stock, or immediate family member thereof, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, and are qualified in their
entirety by reference to all of the provisions of such agreements. 

We
believe the terms obtained or consideration that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below
were comparable to terms available or the amounts that we would pay or receive, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

Management 

Prof.
Dr. L bbert used to be Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the management board of Biofrontera AG, our former parent and currently
a significant stockholder. Following his resignation from Biofrontera AG in December 2021, he will begin to receive compensation from
us for his services to our company as determined in accordance with the terms of his amended employment agreement. 

Related
Party Agreements 

License and Supply Agreement 

On
July 15, 2016, we executed an exclusive license and supply agreement with Biofrontera Pharma, which was amended in July 2019 to increase
the Ameluz transfer price per unit from 35.0 to 50.0 of the anticipated net selling price per unit as defined in the
agreement. Under the agreement, we obtained an exclusive, non-transferable license to use Biofrontera Pharma s technology to market
and sell the licensed products in the United States and certain of its territories, Ameluz and the RhodoLED 
 lamp, and must purchase the licensed products exclusively from Biofrontera Pharma. There was no consideration paid for the transfer
of the license. 

On
June 16, 2021, we entered into the Ameluz LSA with Biofrontera Pharma and Biofrontera Bioscience. Under the terms of the Ameluz LSA,
we were granted an exclusive, non-transferable license to use Biofrontera Pharma and Biofrontera Bioscience technology to use, import,
export, distribute, market, offer for sale and sell Ameluz and the RhodoLED lamp series for its approved
indications within the United States and certain of its territories. 

Under
the terms of the Ameluz LSA as entered into on June 16, 2021, we agree to purchase from Biofrontera Pharma a minimum number of units
of Ameluz per year according to an agreed schedule at fifty percent of our anticipated net price per unit for Ameluz .
On October 8, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the Ameluz LSA under which the price we pay per unit will be based upon our sales
history, although the minimum number of units to purchase per year remains unchanged. See Business Commercial Partners
and Agreements Biofrontera Pharma and Biofrontera Bioscience for further details. 

Purchases
of the licensed products during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 16.6 million and 9.4 million, respectively, and
recorded in inventories in the consolidated balance sheets, and, when sold, in cost of revenues, related party in the consolidated
statements of operations. Amounts due and payable to Biofrontera Pharma as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 1.3 million and 0.3
million, respectively, which were recorded in accounts payable, related parties in the consolidated balance sheets. 

73 

Service
Agreements 

In
December 2021, we entered into an Amended and Restated Master Contract Services Agreement, or Services Agreement, which provides for
the execution of statements of work that will replace the applicable provisions of our previous intercompany services agreement dated
January 1, 2016, or 2016 Services Agreement, by and among us, Biofrontera AG, Biofrontera Pharma and Biofrontera Bioscience, enabling
us to continue to use the Biofrontera Group s IT resources as well as providing access to the Biofrontera Group s resources
with respect to quality management, regulatory affairs and medical affairs. We currently have
statements of work in place regarding IT, regulatory affairs, medical affairs, pharmacovigilance, and investor relations services, and
are continuously assessing the other services historically provided to us by Biofrontera AG to determine 1) if they will be needed, and
2) whether they can or should be obtained from other third-party providers. 

Expenses
related to the service agreement were 0.8 million and 0.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which were recorded
in selling, general and administrative, related party. Management asserts that these expenses represent a reasonable allocation from
Biofrontera AG. Amounts due to Biofrontera AG related to the service agreement were 0.2 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
which were recorded in accounts payable, related parties in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Quality
Assurance Agreement 

On
November 1, 2016, we entered into a quality assurance agreement QAA with Biofrontera Pharma GmbH in connection with the
Ameluz LSA. Under the Ameluz LSA, Biofrontera Pharma GmbH agreed to supply products under the LSA of the quality and according to the
specifications agreed upon with the FDA in the respective approvals. The QAA allocates quality and regulatory responsibilities including,
but not limited to manufacturing, packaging, labeling, complaints, change control and any applicable requirements and is incorporated
by reference herein as Exhibit 10.9 to this Form 10-K. The QAA has remained in effect following our initial public offering. 

74 

Clinical
Lamp Lease Agreement 

On
August 1, 2018, the Company executed a clinical lamp lease agreement with Biofrontera Bioscience to provide lamps and associated services. 

Total
revenue related to the clinical lamp lease agreements was approximately 0.1 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 and is recorded as revenues, related party. Amounts due from Bioscience for clinical lamp and other
reimbursements were approximately 0.1 million and 0.1 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which were recorded as
accounts receivable, related party in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Reimbursements
from Maruho Related to Cutanea Acquisition 

Pursuant
to the Cutanea acquisition share purchase agreement, we received start-up cost financing and reimbursements for certain costs. These
restructuring costs Maruho agreed to pay are referred to as SPA costs under the arrangement and are to be accounted for
as other income. Refer to Note 3, Acquisition Contract Liabilities. 

There
were no amounts reimbursed relating to SPA costs for the year ended December 31,2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021 the amounts
reimbursed relating to SPA costs were 0.5 million and were recorded as other income in the consolidated statements of operations as
the related expenses were incurred. The amounts due from Maruho, primarily relating to SPA cost reimbursements, were 0.1 million for
each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and were recorded in other receivables, related parties in the consolidated balance
sheets. 

Other
Arrangements 

The Company has recorded a receivable of 6.4 million and 11.3 million
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 due from Biofrontera AG for its 50 share of the balance of a legal settlement for
which both parties are jointly and severally liable. Refer
to Note 8, Other Receivables, Related Party. The Company has recognized 0.1 and 0.0 million of interest income for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 in connection with this receivable. 

Director
Independence 

Our board of directors has undertaken
a review of the independence of our directors and considered whether any director has a material relationship with us that could
compromise that director s ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out that director s responsibilities.
Our board of directors affirmatively determined that each of Dr. Hoffman, Mr. Weber, Mr. Borer and Ms. Wedge is an
 independent director, as defined under the Exchange Act and the rules of Nasdaq. 

75 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Audit
Fees and Services 

Grant
Thornton LLP was our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The
following table summarizes the fees Grant Thornton billed to us for the last two fiscal years. All services and fees related to our
2022 and 2021 audits were either approved by our audit committee or our Board of Directors for work prior to November 2, 2021. 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 Fee Category 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 438,194 
 990,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Fees 
 438,194 
 990,000 

(1) 
 Audit
 fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered by Grant Thornton LLP for the audits of our annual financial statements,
 the reviews of our interim financial statements, and related services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and
 regulatory filings or engagements, including our registration statements on Form S-1. 

Pre-approval
Policies 

The
formal written charter for our audit committee requires that the audit committee pre-approve all audit services to be provided to the
Company, whether provided by the Company s principal auditor or other firms, and all other services (review, attest and non-audit)
to be provided to the Company by its independent registered public accounting firm. During the approval process, our audit committee
considers the impact of the types of services and the related fees on the independence of the independent registered public accounting
firm. The services and fees must be deemed compatible with the maintenance of that firm s independence, including compliance with
rules and regulations of the SEC. 

76 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibit and Financial Statements 

The
following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements, included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data : 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated 
Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules: 

Financial
statement schedules have been omitted because either they are not applicable or the required information is included in the financial
statements or the notes thereto. 

(3) 
 List
 of Exhibits: 

The
following exhibits are filed herewith or are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC. 

Exhibit
 No. 

2.1# 
 
 Share and Purchase Agreement dated March 25, 2019 between Biofrontera Newderm LLC, Biofrontera AG, Maruho Co. Ltd. And Cutanea Life Sciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to Biofrontera AG s Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29, 2019). 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock of Biofrontera Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on October 14, 2022) 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 

4.2 
 
 Form of IPO Unit Purchase Option (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021) 

4.3 
 
 Warrant Agent Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Form of Purchaser Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021). 

77 

4.5 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021). 

4.6 
 
 Form of Unit Purchase Option (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021) 

4.7 
 
 Form of 2022 Purchaser Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 20, 2022) 

4.8 
 
 Form of 2022 Pre-funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 20, 2022) 

4.9 
 
 Form of Inducement Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2022). 

4.10 
 
 Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2022, between Biofrontera Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on October 14, 2022) 

10.1# 
 
 Amended and Restated License and Supply Agreement dated June 16, 2021 by and among Biofrontera Pharma GmbH, Biofrontera Bioscience GmbH and Biofrontera Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 6, 2021). 

10.2# 
 
 License and Supply Agreement dated March 10, 2014 by and between Ferrer Internacional, S.A. and Medimetriks Pharmaceuticals, Inc., as amended by Amendment No. 1 and Consent and Acknowledgment Agreement with respect thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to Biofrontera AG s Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29, 2019). 

10.3# 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to License and Supply Agreement dated March 5, 2018 by and between Medimetriks Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Ferrer Internacional, S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to Biofrontera AG s Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29, 2019). 

10.4 
 
 Consent and Acknowledgement Agreement dated March 5, 2018 by and between Medimetriks Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Ferrer Internacional, S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to Biofrontera AG s Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29, 2019). 

10.5# 
 
 Supply Agreement dated March ___, 2018 by and between Ferrer Internacional, S.A. and Cutanea Life Sciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to Biofrontera AG s Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29, 2019). 

10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement Erica Monaco (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Second Intercompany Revolving Loan Agreement dated March 31, 2021 by and between the Company and Biofrontera AG (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 6, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Master Contract Services Agreement, by and among the Company, Biofrontera AG, Biofrontera Pharma GmbH and Biofrontera Bioscience GmbH (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 6, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 Quality Agreement dated November 1, 2016, between the Company and Biofrontera Pharma GmbH (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 26, 2021). 

10.10 
 
 Intercompany Services Agreement dated January 1, 2016, between the Company, Biofrontera AG, Biofrontera Pharma GmbH and Biofrontera Bioscience GmbH (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 16, 2021 

10.11 
 
 Amended Employment Agreement dated October 1, 2021 Hermann L bbert (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 5 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021). 

10.12 
 
 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended and restated on December 12, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2022). 

10.13 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Executive Award Agreement under 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 12, 2021). 

78 

10.14 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Executive Award Agreement under 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 12, 2021). 

10.15 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 12, 2021). 

10.16 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 filed with the SEC on October 12, 2021). 

10.17# 
 
 Corrected Amendment to Amended and Restated License and Supply Agreement dated October 8, 2021 by and among Biofrontera Pharma GmbH, Biofrontera Bioscience GmbH and Biofrontera Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Amendment No. 7 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 13, 2021). 

10.18 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021). 

10.19 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021). 

10.20 

Amendment to Amended Employment Agreement effective as December 15, 2021 and dated March 2, 2022 Herman L bbert (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2022). 

10.21 
 
 Amended Settlement Allocation Agreement dated March 31,2022 between the Company and Biofrontera Bioscience GmbH, Biofrontera Pharma GmbH, Biofrontera Development GmbH, Biofrontera Neuroscience GmbH, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2022). 

10.22 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement effective as April 1, 2022 Erica Monaco (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2022). 

10.23 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement for 2022 Private Placement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 20, 2022) 

10.24 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement for 2022 Private Placement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 20, 2022) 

10.25 
 
 Form of Inducement Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 27, 2022) 

10.26 
 
 Employment Agreement Fred Leffler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022) 

10.27 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 31, 2022) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Company 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Indicates
 a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 # 
 Certain
 confidential portions of this Exhibit were omitted by means of marking such portions with brackets [ ] because
 the identified confidential portions (i) are not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

79 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Woburn, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, on March 13, 2023. 

BIOFRONTERA
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Erica L Monaco 

Name:
 
 Erica
 L. Monaco 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Erica L Monaco 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Erica
 Monaco 
 
 Principal
Executive Officer) 

/s/
 E. Fred Leffler 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 E. Fred Leffler 
 
 Principal Financial Officer) 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Hermann L bbert 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Hermann
 L bbert 

/s/
 John J. Borer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 John
 J. Borer 

/s/
 Loretta M. Wedge 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Loretta
 M. Wedge 

/s/
 Kevin D. Weber 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Kevin
 D. Weber 

/s/
 Beth J. Hoffman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Beth
 J. Hoffman 

80 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF REGISTERED SECURITIES 

The
following summary describes the material provisions of our common stock and the warrants that are listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market
LLC. 

Common
Stock 

The
holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The
holders of our common stock do not have any cumulative voting rights. Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably any
dividends declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to any preferential dividend rights
of any outstanding preferred stock. Our common stock has no preemptive rights, conversion rights or other subscription rights or redemption
or sinking fund provisions. 

In
the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets
remaining after payment of all debts and other liabilities and any liquidation preference of any outstanding preferred stock. The shares
as part of the units to be issued by us in this offering will be, when issued and paid for, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

Upon
our dissolution or liquidation, after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to the holders of preferred
stock having liquidation preferences, if any, the holders of shares of our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata our remaining
assets available for distribution for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities, subject
to the prior rights of any preferred stock then outstanding. 

Our
common stock is listed for trading on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol BFRI . 

Warrants 

The
following summary of certain terms and provisions of the warrants to purchase one share of our common stock issued in connection with
our initial public offering is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the provisions of the warrant agent
agreement between us and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as warrant agent, and the form of warrant, both of which are filed as exhibits
to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of which this exhibit is a part. There are currently 1,492,394
warrants outstanding that were issued in connection with our public offering and have not been exercised. 

Exercisability 

The
warrants are immediately exercisable at any time following the consummation of this offering and at any time up to the date that is five
years after their original issuance. The warrants will be exercisable, at the option of each holder, in whole or in part by delivering
to us a duly executed exercise notice and, at any time a registration statement registering the issuance of the shares of common stock
underlying the warrants under the Securities Act is effective and available for the issuance of such shares, or an exemption from registration
under the Securities Act is available for the issuance of such shares, by payment in full in immediately available funds for the number
of shares of common stock purchased upon such exercise. If a registration statement registering the issuance of the shares of common
stock underlying the warrants under the Securities Act is not effective or available and an exemption from registration under the Securities
Act is not available for the issuance of such shares, the holder may, in its sole discretion, elect to exercise the warrant through a
cashless exercise, in which case the holder would receive upon such exercise the net number of shares of common stock determined according
to the formula set forth in the warrant. No fractional shares of common stock will be issued in connection with the exercise of a warrant.
In lieu of fractional shares, we will pay the holder an amount in cash equal to the fractional amount multiplied by the exercise price. 

We
will not effect the exercise of any portion of these warrants, and the holder will not have the right to exercise any portion of the
warrants, and any such exercise shall be null and void and treated as if never made, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise,
the holder together with its affiliates and certain other persons specified in these warrants collectively would own beneficially in
excess of 4.99 (or, upon election by a holder prior to the issuance of any warrants, 9.99 of the shares of common stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

Exercise
Price 

The
exercise price per whole share of common stock purchasable upon exercise of the warrants is 5.00 per share. The exercise price is subject
to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications
or similar events affecting our common stock and also upon any distributions of assets, including cash, stock or other property to our
stockholders. 

Transferability 

Subject
to applicable laws, the warrants may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without our consent. 

Exchange
Listing 

The
warrants offered in connection with our initial public offering are listed for trading on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol
 BFRIW . 

Warrant
Agent 

The
warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agent agreement between Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as warrant agent,
and us. The warrants are represented by one or more global warrants deposited with the warrant agent, as custodian on behalf of The Depository
Trust Company (DTC) and registered in the name of Cede Co., a nominee of DTC, or as otherwise directed by DTC. 

Fundamental
Transactions 

In
the event of a fundamental transaction, as described in the warrants and generally including any reorganization, recapitalization or
reclassification of our common stock, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of our properties or assets,
our consolidation or merger with or into another person, the acquisition of more than 50 of our outstanding common stock, or any person
or group becoming the beneficial owner of 50 of the voting power represented by our outstanding common stock, the holders of the warrants
will be entitled to receive upon exercise of the warrants the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that the holders
would have received had they exercised the warrants immediately prior to such fundamental transaction 

Rights
as a Stockholder 

Except
as otherwise provided in the warrants or by virtue of such holder s ownership of shares of our common stock, the holder of a warrant
does not have the rights or privileges of a holder of our common stock, including any voting rights, until the holder exercises the warrant. 

Governing
Law 

The
warrants and the warrant agent agreement are governed by New York law. 

Stockholder
Rights Plan 

On
October 13, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted a stockholder rights plan, as set forth in the Stockholder Rights Agreement,
dated October 13, 2022, between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Rights Agent (the Rights Agreement ).
The following description of the terms of the Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the Rights Agreement, which is attached as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

Rights
Dividend 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Rights Agreement, the Board of Directors declared a dividend distribution of one Preferred Stock Purchase Right (a
 Right for each outstanding share of Common Stock, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 24,
2022 (the Record Date ). In addition, one Right will automatically attach to each share of Common Stock issued between the
Record Date and the earlier of the Distribution Date (as defined below) and the expiration date of the Rights. Each Right entitles the
registered holder thereof to purchase from the Company a unit consisting of one ten-thousandth of a share (a Unit of Series
A Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company (the Preferred Stock at
a cash exercise price of 5.00 per Unit (the Exercise Price ), subject to adjustment, under certain conditions specified
in the Rights Agreement and summarized below. 

Distribution
Date 

Initially,
the Rights are not exercisable and are attached to and trade with all shares of Common Stock outstanding as of, and issued subsequent
to, the Record Date. The Rights will separate from the Common Stock and will become exercisable upon the earlier of (i) the close of
business on the tenth calendar day following the first public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons
or any other person acting in concert with such persons (an Acquiring Person has acquired beneficial ownership of 20 
or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, other than as a result of repurchases of stock by the Company or certain inadvertent
actions by a stockholder (the date of such announcement being referred to as the Stock Acquisition Date ), or (ii) the close
of business on the tenth business day (or such later day as the Board of Directors may determine) following the commencement of a tender
offer or exchange offer that could result upon its consummation in a person or group becoming an Acquiring Person (the earlier of such
dates being herein referred to as the Distribution Date ). 

A
person or group who beneficially owned 20 or more of the Company s outstanding Common Stock prior to the first public announcement
by the Company of the adoption of the Rights Agreement will not trigger the Rights Agreement so long as they do not acquire beneficial
ownership of any additional shares of Common Stock at a time when they still beneficially own 20 or more of such Common Stock. 

For
purposes of the Rights Agreement, beneficial ownership is defined to include ownership of securities that are subject to a derivative
transaction and acquired derivative securities. Swaps dealers unassociated with any control intent or intent to evade the purposes of
the Rights Agreement are excepted from such imputed beneficial ownership. 

Until
the Distribution Date (or earlier redemption, exchange or expiration of the Rights), (i) the Rights will be evidenced by the Common Stock
certificates (or, with respect to any uncertificated shares of Common Stock registered in book entry form Book Entry Shares ),
by notation in book entry) and will be transferred with and only with such shares of Common Stock, (ii) new Common Stock certificates
or Book Entry Shares issued after the Record Date will contain a notation incorporating the Rights Agreement by reference, and (iii)
the surrender for transfer of any certificates for Common Stock or Book Entry Shares will also constitute the transfer of the Rights
associated with the Common Stock represented thereby. 

As
soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, one or more certificates evidencing Rights (the Right Certificates will
be mailed to holders of record of Common Stock as of the close of business on the Distribution Date and, thereafter, the separate Right
Certificates alone will represent the Rights. Except as otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, only shares of Common Stock issued
prior to the Distribution Date will be issued with Rights. 

Subscription
and Merger Rights 

In
the event that a Stock Acquisition Date occurs, proper provision will be made so that each holder of a Right (other than an Acquiring
Person or its associates or affiliates or any other person acting in concert with such persons, whose Rights shall become null and void)
will thereafter have the right to receive upon exercise, in lieu of a number of shares of Preferred Stock, that number of shares of Common
Stock of the Company (or, in certain circumstances, including if there are insufficient shares of Common Stock to permit the exercise
in full of the Rights, Units of Preferred Stock, other securities, cash or property, or any combination of the foregoing) having a market
value of two times the Exercise Price of the Right (such right being referred to as the Subscription Right ). In the event
that, at any time following the Stock Acquisition Date, (i) the Company consolidates with, or merges with and into, any other person,
and the Company is not the continuing or surviving corporation, (ii) any person consolidates with the Company, or merges with and into
the Company and the Company is the continuing or surviving corporation of such merger and, in connection with such merger, all or part
of the shares of Common Stock are changed into or exchanged for stock or other securities of any other person or cash or any other property,
or (iii) 50 or more of the Company s assets or earning power is sold, mortgaged or otherwise transferred, each holder of a Right
(other than an Acquiring Person or its associates or affiliates or any other person acting in concert with such persons, whose Rights
shall become null and void) will thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise, common stock of the acquiring company having a
market value equal to two times the Exercise Price of the Right (such right being referred to as the Merger Right ). The
holder of a Right will continue to have the Merger Right whether or not such holder has exercised the Subscription Right. Rights that
are or were beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person may (under certain circumstances specified in the Rights Agreement) become null
and void. 

Until
a Right is exercised, the holder will have no rights as a stockholder of the Company (beyond those as an existing stockholder), including
the right to vote or to receive dividends. While the distribution of the Rights will not be taxable to stockholders or to the Company,
stockholders may, depending upon the circumstances, recognize taxable income in the event that the Rights become exercisable for shares
of Common Stock, other securities of the Company, other consideration or for common stock of an acquiring company. 

Exchange
Feature 

At
any time after a person becomes an Acquiring Person, the Board of Directors may, at its option, exchange all or any part of the then
outstanding and exercisable Rights for shares of Common Stock at an exchange ratio of one share of Common Stock for each Right, subject
to adjustment as specified in the Rights Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors generally will not be empowered
to effect such exchange at any time after any person becomes the beneficial owner of 50 or more of the Common Stock of the Company. 

Preferred
Stock Provisions 

Each
share of Preferred Stock, if issued: 

will
 not be redeemable, 

will
 entitle the holder thereof to quarterly dividend payments equal to the greater of (a) 1.00 per share and (b) 10,000 times the amount
 of all cash dividends plus 10,000 times the amount of non-cash dividends or other distributions paid on one share of Common Stock, 

will
 entitle the holder thereof to receive the greater of (1) 10,000.00 per share or (2) an aggregate amount per share, subject to the
 provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to 10,000 times the aggregate amount of all cash or other property to be distributed
 per share to holders of Common Stock upon such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, 

will
 have the same voting power as 10,000 shares of Common Stock and, 

if
 shares of Common Stock are exchanged via merger, consolidation or a similar transaction, will entitle the holder thereof to a per
 share payment equal to the payment made on 10,000 shares of Common Stock. 

Adjustments 

The
Exercise Price payable, and the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights
are subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination
or reclassification of, the Preferred Stock, (ii) if holders of the Preferred Stock are granted certain rights or warrants to subscribe
for Preferred Stock or convertible securities at less than the current market price of the Preferred Stock, or (iii) upon the distribution
to holders of the Preferred Stock of evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding regular quarterly cash dividends) or of subscription
rights or warrants (other than those referred to above). 

With
certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Exercise Price will be required until cumulative adjustments amount to at least 1 of the Exercise
Price. The Company is not obligated to issue fractional shares. If the Company elects not to issue fractional shares, in lieu thereof
an adjustment in cash will be made based on the fair market value of the Preferred Stock on the last trading date prior to the date of
exercise. 

Redemption 

The
Rights may be redeemed in whole, but not in part, at a price of 0.0001 per Right (payable in cash, Common Stock or other consideration
deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors) by the Board of Directors only until the earlier of (i) the time at which any person becomes
an Acquiring Person or (ii) the expiration date of the Rights Agreement. Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors ordering
redemption of the Rights, the Rights will terminate and thereafter the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the redemption
price. 

Amendment 

The
Rights Agreement may be amended by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion at any time prior to the time at which any person becomes
an Acquiring Person. After such time the Board of Directors may, subject to certain limitations set forth in the Rights Agreement, amend
the Rights Agreement only to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, to shorten or lengthen any time period, or to make changes
that do not adversely affect the interests of Rights holders (excluding the interests of an Acquiring Person or its associates or affiliates). 

Expiration
Date 

The
Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date and will expire at the close of business on October 13, 2023; provided that if
the Company s stockholders have not ratified the Rights Agreement by the close of business on the first day after the Company s
2023 annual meeting of stockholders (including any adjournments or postponement thereof), the Rights will expire at such time, in each
case, unless previously redeemed or exchanged by the Company. 

Transfer
Agent 

The
transfer agent for our common stock and our preferred stock is Computershare, Inc. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries of the Company 

Bio-Fri GmbH Germany 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
have issued our report dated March 13, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Biofrontera
Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration
Statements of Biofrontera Inc. on Forms S-1 (File No. 333-265467 and File No. 333-268124) and on Form S-8 (File No. 333-265463). 

/s/
GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Boston,
Massachusetts 

March
13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification 

I,
Erica L. Monaco, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Biofrontera Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

c)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 3/13/2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Erica L. Monaco 

Erica
 L. Monaco 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification 

I,
E. Fred Leffler, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Biofrontera Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

c)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 3/13/2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 E. Fred Leffler 

E. Fred Leffler 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Biofrontera Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report pursuant to the requirement
set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of
Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), I, Erica L. Monaco, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
do hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge: 

1.
The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and 

2.
The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company for the period covered by the Annual Report. 

Date: 
 3/13/2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Erica L. Monaco 

Erica
 L. Monaco 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

This
 certification accompanies the Annual Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Biofrontera Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Annual Report), irrespective of any general
 incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

Certification 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Biofrontera Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report pursuant to the requirement
set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of
Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), I, E. Fred Leffler, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do hereby
certify, to the best of my knowledge: 

1.
The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and 

2.
The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company for the period covered by the Annual Report. 

Date: 
 3/13/2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 E. Fred Leffler 

E. Fred Leffler 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

This
 certification accompanies the Annual Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Biofrontera Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Annual Report), irrespective of any general
 incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 bfri-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 bfri-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 bfri-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 bfri-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

