<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1746129_0001140361-23-013727.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19561259</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>288689</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1985596</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9510618</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3395529</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3415092</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-013727.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324161651
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-013727
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bank7 Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001746129
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				200764349
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OK
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38656
		FILM NUMBER:		23760056

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1039 NW 63RD STREET
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		405-810-8600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1039 NW 63RD STREET
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73116

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-013727.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 brhc10050068_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended .

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data
 File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
 company, or an emerging growth company . See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
 any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
 included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by checkmark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
 received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES 

NO 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing sale price reported on the NASDAQ Global Market Select System.

As of March 24, 2023, the registrant had 
 shares of common stock, par value 0.01, outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCOPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Proxy Statement for the Registrant s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 18, 2023 are incorporated into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I

Item 1 Business 

1

Item 1A Risk Factors 

12

Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 

22

Item 2 Properties 

22

Item 3 Legal Proceedings 

23

Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 

23

PART II

Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

23

Item 6 [Reserved] 

24

Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

26

Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

47

Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

49

Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

93

Item 9A Controls and Procedures 

93

Item 9B Other Information 

94

Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

94

PART III

Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

95

Item 11 Executive Compensation 

95

Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

95

Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

95

Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

95

PART IV

Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

95

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

97 

SIGNATURES 

98 

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Business 

Company Overview

We are Bank7 Corp., a bank holding company headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Bank7, we operate twelve full-service branches in Oklahoma, Texas, and
 Kansas. We were formed in 2004 in connection with our acquisition of First National Bank of Medford, which was renamed Bank7 (the Bank ). We are focused on serving business owners and entrepreneurs by delivering fast, consistent and
 well-designed banking solutions. As of December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 1.58 billion, total loans of 1.26 billion, total deposits of 1.43 billion and total shareholders equity of 144.1 million.

Our website is: www.bank7.com. We make available free of charge through our website, our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and
 amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed or furnished with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Information included on our website is not incorporated into this filing.

Products and Services

The Bank is a full-service commercial bank. We focus on the development of deep business relationships with our commercial customers and their principals. We also focus on providing customers
 with exceptional service and meeting their banking needs through a wide variety of commercial and retail financial services.

The Bank has a particular focus in the following loan categories (i) commercial real estate lending, (ii) hospitality lending, (iii) energy lending, and (iv) commercial and industrial lending. 
 Although it is a very small segment of the Bank, we also provide consumer lending services to individuals for personal and household purposes, including secured and unsecured term loans and home improvement loans. Consumer lending services
 include (i) residential real estate loans and mortgage banking services, (ii) personal lines of credit, (iii) loans for the purchase of automobiles, and (iv) other installment loans.

The Bank offers deposit banking products, including (i) commercial deposit services, commercial checking, money market, and other deposit accounts, and (ii) retail deposit services such as
 certificates of deposit, money market accounts, checking accounts, negotiable order of withdrawal accounts, savings accounts, and automated teller machine access.

Strategic Focus

Our success is driven by:

the development of deep business relationships with our commercial customers and their principals; 

disciplined growth without compromising our asset quality or credit culture; 

drawing upon years of executive level experience at multi-billion dollar banks; 

efficiencies gained by adherence to automated and repeatable processes; and 

investing in our people and technology. 

We focus on our daily execution, making sound credit decisions and maintaining cost discipline, which is the foundation for our success. Our customers are our top priority and we focus on
 efficiently providing tailored banking products and services to business owners and entrepreneurs, with a goal of generating consistent growth and delivering exceptional returns to our shareholders. Additionally, we continually position
 ourselves for future growth both organically and through strategic acquisitions.

1 

Table of Contents 

Cost Discipline and Efficiency

We constantly monitor expenditures, and, when appropriate, we use automation, technology and repeatable processes to drive profitability. The Bank operates as few branches as practical, and the
 branches we do operate are smaller and very cost efficient. As we continue to grow, we expect our utilization of automation, technology, and repeatable processes will continue to drive efficiencies throughout the Bank. Combining talented people
 with process automation will enable us to scale even further, and will also enable us to deliver consistently superior customer service.

Organic Growth

Much of our historic asset growth has been driven organically and within our current markets. In particular the Dallas/Fort Worth metropolitan area, Oklahoma City, and Tulsa. Although our
 expansion with brick and mortar branches will be limited, we believe operating strategically placed branches will be important, and therefore we will continue to selectively build our presence in key markets. We currently operate twelve branches.
 We also intend to continually enhance our internet and mobile banking products to remain competitive in the marketplace.

Markets

We are headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and we operate seven additional branches in Oklahoma. We also operate two branches in the Dallas/Fort Worth metropolitan area and two branches
 in Kansas.

Competition

The banking and financial services industry is highly competitive, and we compete with a wide range of financial institutions within our markets, including local, regional and national
 commercial banks and credit unions. We also compete with mortgage companies, trust companies, brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, mutual funds, securities firms, insurance companies, third-party payment processors, financial technology,
 or Fintech, companies and other financial intermediaries for certain of our products and services. Some of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions and level of regulatory supervision applicable to us.

Interest rates on loans and deposits, as well as prices on fee-based services, are typically significant competitive factors within the banking and financial services industry. Many of our
 competitors are much larger financial institutions that have greater financial resources than we do and compete aggressively for market share. These competitors attempt to gain market share through their financial product mix, pricing strategies
 and banking center locations. Other important competitive factors in our industry and markets include office locations and hours, quality of customer service, community reputation, continuity of personnel and services, capacity and willingness to
 extend credit, and ability to offer excellent banking products and services. While we seek to remain competitive with respect to fees charged, interest rates and pricing, we believe that our broad suite of financial solutions, our high-quality
 customer service culture, our positive reputation and our long-standing community relationships enable us to compete successfully within our markets and enhance our ability to attract and retain customers.

Human Capital

Our corporate culture is defined by core values which include integrity, accountability, professionalism, community-focus and efficiency. As of December 31, 2022, we had 123 full time
 employees. We value our employees by investing in competitive compensation and benefit packages and fostering a team environment centered on professional service and open communication. Attracting, retaining and developing qualified, engaged
 employees who embody these values are crucial our success. We offer all of our employees a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, dental and vision insurance, a flexible spending plan, group life insurance, short-term and long-term
 disability insurance, a traditional 401(k) Plan, competitive paid time off/paid holidays, and competitive incentives.

2 

Table of Contents 

We are committed and focused on the health and safety of our employees, customers, and communities and are committed to providing a safe and secure work environment in accordance with
 applicable labor, safety, health, anti-discrimination and other workplace laws. We strive for all of our employees to feel safe at work. To that end, we maintain a whistleblower hotline that allows associates and others to anonymously voice
 concerns. We prohibit retaliation against an individual who reported a concern or assisted with an inquiry or investigation.

Supervision and Regulation

The following is a general summary of the material aspects of certain statutes and regulations that are applicable to us. These summary descriptions are not complete. 
 Please refer to the full text of the statutes, regulations, and corresponding guidance for more information. These statutes and regulations are subject to change, and additional statutes, regulations, and corresponding guidance may be adopted. We
 are unable to predict future changes or the effects, if any, that these changes could have on our business or our revenues.

General

We are extensively regulated under U.S. federal and state law. As a result, our growth and earnings performance may be affected not only by management decisions and general economic conditions,
 but also by federal and state statutes and by the regulations and policies of various bank regulatory agencies, including the Oklahoma Banking Department OBD ), the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC and the
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ). Furthermore, tax laws administered by the Internal Revenue Service IRS and state taxing authorities, accounting rules developed by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), securities
 laws administered by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and state securities authorities and Anti-Money Laundering AML laws enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or Treasury, also impact our business.

Federal and state banking laws impose a comprehensive system of supervision, regulation and enforcement on the operations of banks, their holding companies and their affiliates. These laws are
 intended primarily for the protection of depositors, customers and the Depositor Insurance Fund of the FDIC DIF rather than for shareholders. Federal and state laws, and the related regulations of the bank regulatory agencies, affect, among
 other things, the scope of business, the kinds and amounts of investments banks may make, reserve requirements, capital levels relative to operations, the nature and amount of collateral for loans, the establishment of branches, the ability to
 merge, consolidate and acquire, dealings with insiders and affiliates and the payment of dividends.

This supervisory and regulatory framework subjects banks and bank holding companies to regular examination by their respective regulatory agencies, which results in examination reports and
 ratings that, while not publicly available, can affect the conduct and growth of their businesses. These examinations consider not only compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also capital levels, asset quality and risk, management s
 ability and performance, earnings, liquidity and various other factors. These regulatory agencies have broad discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity and exercise enforcement powers over a
 regulated entity (including terminating deposit insurance, imposing orders, fines and other civil and criminal penalties, removing officers and directors and appointing supervisors and conservators) where the agencies determine, among other
 things, that such operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law or are otherwise inconsistent with laws and regulations or with the supervisory policies of these agencies.

3 

Table of Contents 

Regulatory Capital Requirements

The federal banking agencies require that banking organizations meet several risk-based capital adequacy requirements. The current risk-based capital standards applicable to the Company and the
 Bank are based on the Basel III Capital Rules established by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee ). The Basel Committee is a committee of central banks and bank supervisors/regulators from the major industrialized
 countries that develops broad policy guidelines for use by each country s supervisors in determining the supervisory policies they apply. The requirements are intended to ensure that banking organizations have adequate capital given the risk
 levels of assets and off-balance sheet financial instruments.

The Basel III Capital Rules require the Bank and the Company to comply with four minimum capital standards: a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 4.0 ; a CET1 to risk-weighted assets ratio of
 4.5 ; a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 6.0 ; and a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 8.0 . The calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to definitions, deductions and adjustments
 specified in the regulations.

The Basel III Capital Rules also require a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 above the regulatory minimum risk-based capital requirements. The capital conservation buffer is designed to
 absorb losses during periods of economic stress and effectively increases the minimum required risk-weighted capital ratios. Banking institutions with a ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets below the effective minimum (4.5 plus the capital
 conservation buffer) is subject to limitations on certain activities, including payment of dividends, share repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers based on the amount of the shortfall.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s and the Bank s capital ratios exceeded the minimum capital adequacy guideline percentage requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules on a fully
 phased-in basis.

Prompt Corrective Action

The Federal Deposit Insurance Act requires federal banking agencies to take prompt corrective action with respect to depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For
 purposes of prompt corrective action, the law establishes five capital tiers: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. A depository institution s
 capital tier depends on its capital levels and certain other factors established by regulation. Under the applicable FDIC regulations, an institution is deemed to be well-capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or
 greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a CET1 ratio of 6.5 or greater and a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater.

At each lower capital category, a bank is subject to increased restrictions on its operations. For example, a bank is generally prohibited from making capital distributions and paying
 management fees to its holding company if doing so would make the bank undercapitalized. Asset growth and branching restrictions apply to undercapitalized banks, which are required to submit written capital restoration plans meeting specified
 requirements (including a guarantee by the parent holding company, if any). Significantly undercapitalized banks are subject to broad regulatory restrictions, including among other things, capital directives, forced mergers, restrictions on the
 rates of interest they may pay on deposits, restrictions on asset growth and activities, and prohibitions on paying bonuses or increasing compensation to senior executive officers without FDIC approval. Critically undercapitalized are subject
 to even more severe restrictions, including, subject to a narrow exception, the appointment of a conservator or receiver within 90 days after becoming critically undercapitalized.

The appropriate federal banking agency may determine (after notice and opportunity for a hearing) that the institution is in an unsafe or unsound condition or deems the institution to be
 engaging in an unsafe or unsound practice. The appropriate agency is also permitted to require an adequately capitalized or undercapitalized institution to comply with the supervisory provisions as if the institution were in the next lower
 category (but not treat a significantly undercapitalized institution as critically undercapitalized) based on supervisory information other than the capital levels of the institution.

4 

Table of Contents 

The capital classification of a bank affects the frequency of regulatory examinations, the bank s ability to engage in certain activities and the deposit insurance premium paid by the bank. A
 bank s capital category is determined solely for the purpose of applying prompt correct action regulations and the capital category may not accurately reflect the bank s overall financial condition or prospects.

As of December 31, 2022, the Bank met the requirements for being deemed well-capitalized for purposes of the prompt corrective action regulations.

The Company

General . As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, or the BHCA. Under the
 BHCA, the Company is subject to periodic examination by the Federal Reserve. The Company is required to file with the Federal Reserve periodic reports of its operations and such additional information as the Federal Reserve may require.

Acquisitions, Activities and Change in Control . The BHCA generally requires the prior approval by the Federal Reserve for any merger involving a bank holding company or a bank holding
 company s acquisition of more than 5 of a class of voting securities of any additional bank or bank holding company or to acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any additional bank or bank holding company.

Subject to certain conditions (including deposit concentration limits established by the BHCA and the Dodd-Frank Act), the Federal Reserve may allow a bank holding company to acquire banks
 located in any state of the United States. Federal law also prohibits any person or company from acquiring control of an FDIC-insured depository institution or its holding company without prior notice to the appropriate federal bank regulator.

Permitted Activities . The BHCA generally prohibits the Company from controlling or engaging in any business other than that of
 banking, managing and controlling banks or furnishing services to banks and their subsidiaries. This general prohibition is subject to a number of exceptions. The principal exception allows bank holding companies to engage in, and to own shares
 of companies engaged in, certain businesses found by the Federal Reserve prior to November 11, 1999 to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. This authority would permit the Company to engage in a variety of
 banking-related businesses, including the ownership and operation of a savings association, or any entity engaged in consumer finance, equipment leasing, the operation of a computer service bureau (including software development) and mortgage
 banking and brokerage. The BHCA generally does not place territorial restrictions on the domestic activities of nonbank subsidiaries of bank holding companies. The Federal Reserve has the power to order any bank holding company or its
 subsidiaries to terminate any activity or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary when the Federal Reserve has reasonable grounds to believe that continuing such activity, ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the
 financial soundness, safety or stability of any bank subsidiary of the bank holding company.

Source of Strength . Federal Reserve policy historically required bank holding companies to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks. The Dodd-Frank Act
 codified this policy as a statutory requirement. Under this requirement the Company is expected to commit resources to support the Bank, including at times when the Company may not be in a financial position to provide it. The Company must stand
 ready to use its available resources to provide adequate capital to the Bank during periods of financial stress or adversity. The Company must also maintain the financial flexibility and capital raising capacity to obtain additional resources for
 assisting the Bank. The Company s failure to meet its source of strength obligations may constitute an unsafe and unsound practice or a violation of the Federal Reserve s regulations or both. The source of strength obligation most directly
 affects bank holding companies where a bank holding company s subsidiary bank fails to maintain adequate capital levels. Any capital loans by a bank holding company to the subsidiary bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to
 certain other indebtedness of the subsidiary bank. The BHCA provides that in the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy any commitment by a bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of its subsidiary
 bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment.

5 

Table of Contents 

Safe and Sound Banking Practices . Bank holding companies and their non-banking subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in activities that represent unsafe and unsound banking practices or
 that constitute a violation of law or regulations. Under certain conditions the Federal Reserve may conclude that certain actions of a bank holding company, such as a payment of a cash dividend, would constitute an unsafe and unsound banking
 practice. The Federal Reserve also has the authority to regulate the debt of bank holding companies, including the authority to impose interest rate ceilings and reserve requirements on such debt. Under certain circumstances the Federal Reserve
 may require a bank holding company to file written notice and obtain its approval prior to purchasing or redeeming its equity securities, unless certain conditions are met.

Dividend Payments, Stock Redemptions and Repurchases . The Company s ability to pay dividends to its shareholders is affected by both general corporate law considerations and the regulations
 and policies of the Federal Reserve applicable to bank holding companies, including the Basel III Capital Rules. Generally, an Oklahoma corporation may not make distributions to its shareholders if (i) after giving effect to the dividend, the
 corporation would be insolvent, or (ii) the amount of the dividend exceeds the surplus of the corporation. Dividends may be declared and paid in a corporation s own treasury shares that have been reacquired by the corporation out of surplus.
 Dividends may be declared and paid in a corporation s own authorized but unissued shares out of the surplus of the corporation upon the satisfaction of certain conditions.

It is the Federal Reserve s policy that bank holding companies should generally pay dividends on common stock only out of income available over the past year, and only if prospective earnings
 retention is consistent with the organization s expected future needs and financial condition. It is also the Federal Reserve s policy that bank holding companies should not maintain dividend levels that undermine their ability to be a source of
 strength to its banking subsidiaries. Additionally, the Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy and has discouraged payment ratios that are at maximum allowable levels unless both
 asset quality and capital are very strong.

Bank holding companies must consult with the Federal Reserve before redeeming any equity or other capital instrument included in Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital (or, for small bank holding companies
 like the Company, before redeeming any instruments included in equity as defined under GAAP) prior to stated maturity, if such redemption could have a material effect on the level or composition of the organization s capital base. In addition,
 bank holding companies are unable to repurchase shares equal to 10 or more of its net worth if it would not be well-capitalized (as defined by the Federal Reserve) after giving effect to such repurchase. Bank holding companies experiencing
 financial weaknesses, or that are at significant risk of developing financial weaknesses, must consult with the Federal Reserve before redeeming or repurchasing common stock or other regulatory capital instruments.

The Bank

General . The Bank is an Oklahoma-chartered member bank and is subject to examination, supervision and regulation by the OBD and the Federal Reserve. The Bank is also subject to certain
 regulations of the FDIC and the CFPB.

The OBD supervises and regulates all areas of the Bank s operations including, without limitation, the making of loans, the issuance of securities, the conduct of the Bank s corporate affairs,
 the satisfaction of capital adequacy requirements, the payment of dividends, and the establishment or closing of banking offices. The Federal Reserve is the Bank s primary federal regulatory agency, and periodically examines the Bank s operations
 and financial condition and compliance with federal law. In addition, the Bank s deposit accounts are insured by the DIF to the maximum extent provided under federal law and FDIC regulations, and the FDIC has certain enforcement powers over the
 Bank.

Depositor Preference . In the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution, including the claims of the FDIC
 as subrogee of insured depositors, and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution. If an insured depository institution fails, insured and
 uninsured depositors, along with the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured, non-deposit creditors including the parent bank holding company with respect to any extensions of credit they have made to that insured depository
 institution.

6 

Table of Contents 

Deposit Insurance . As an FDIC-insured institution, the Bank is required to pay deposit insurance premiums to the FDIC. The amount of such premiums is determined by multiplying the
 institution s assessment rate by its assessment base. The assessment base is based on the institution s risk classification which is assigned based on the institution s capital levels and the level of supervisory concern the institution poses to
 the regulators. The assessment rate is calculated as the institution s average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity.

Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act altered the minimum designated reserve ratio of the DIF, increasing the minimum from 1.15 to 1.35 of the estimated amount of total insured deposits, and
 eliminating the requirement that the FDIC pay dividends to depository institutions when the reserve ratio exceeds certain thresholds. At least semi-annually, the FDIC updates its loss and income projections for the DIF and, if needed, may
 increase or decrease the assessment rates, following notice and comment on proposed rulemaking. As a result, the Bank s FDIC deposit insurance premiums could increase.

Examination Assessments . Oklahoma-chartered banks are required to pay an annual fee of 1,000 to the OBD to fund its operations. In addition, Oklahoma-chartered banks are charged an
 examination assessment calculated based on the amount of the Bank s assets at rates established by the Oklahoma Banking Board. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank paid examination assessments to the OBD totaling 184,000.

Capital Requirements . Banks are generally required to maintain minimum capital ratios. For a discussion of the capital requirements applicable to the Bank, see Regulatory Capital
 Requirements above.

Bank Reserves . The Federal Reserve requires all depository institutions to maintain reserves against some transaction accounts (primarily NOW and Super NOW checking accounts). The balances
 maintained to meet the reserve requirements imposed by the Federal Reserve may be used to satisfy liquidity requirements. An institution may borrow from the Federal Reserve discount window as a secondary source of funds if the institution meets
 the Federal Reserve s credit standards.

Dividend Payments . The primary source of funds for the Company is dividends from the Bank. Unless the approval of the Federal Reserve is obtained, the Bank may not declare or pay a dividend
 if the total of all dividends declared during the calendar year, including the proposed dividend, exceeds the sum of the Bank s net income during the current calendar year and the retained net income of the prior two calendar years. Oklahoma law
 also places restrictions on the declaration of dividends by Oklahoma state-chartered banks, including the Bank, to their shareholders. Before any dividend may be declared by the Bank, not less than 10 of the net profits of the Bank must be
 transferred to a surplus fund until the surplus equals 100 of the Bank s capital stock. This may decrease any amount available for the payment of dividends in a particular period if the surplus funds for the Bank fail to comply with this
 limitation. Furthermore, the approval of the Commissioner of the OBD is required if the total of all dividends declared by the Bank in any calendar year exceed the total of its net profits of that year combined with its retained net profits of
 the preceding two years, less any required transfers to surplus or a fund for the retirement of any preferred stock. The Federal Reserve and the OBD also may, under certain circumstances, prohibit the payment of dividends to us from the Bank.
 Oklahoma corporate law also requires that dividends can only be paid out of funds legally available therefor.

The payment of dividends by any financial institution is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and a
 financial institution generally is prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, the institution would be undercapitalized. As described above, the Bank exceeded its minimum capital requirements under applicable regulatory
 guidelines as of December 31, 2022.

7 

Table of Contents 

Transactions with Affiliates . The Bank is subject to sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, or the Affiliates Act, and the Federal Reserve s implementing Regulation W. An affiliate
 of a bank is any company or entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the bank. Accordingly, transactions between the Company, the Bank and any non-bank subsidiaries will be subject to a number of restrictions. The
 Affiliates Act imposes restrictions and limitations on the Bank from making extensions of credit to, or the issuance of a guarantee or letter of credit on behalf of, the Company or other affiliates, the purchase of, or investment in, stock or
 other securities thereof, the taking of such securities as collateral for loans, and the purchase of assets of the Company or other affiliates. Such restrictions and limitations prevent the Company or other affiliates from borrowing from the Bank
 unless the loans are secured by marketable obligations of designated amounts. Furthermore, such secured loans and investments by the Bank to or in the Company or to or in any other non-banking affiliate are limited, individually, to 10 of the
 Bank s capital and surplus, and such transactions are limited in the aggregate to 20 of the Bank s capital and surplus. All such transactions, as well as contracts entered into between the Bank and affiliates, must be on terms that are no less
 favorable to the Bank than those that would be available from non-affiliated third parties. Federal Reserve policies also forbid the payment by bank subsidiaries of management fees which are unreasonable in amount or exceed the fair market value
 of the services rendered or, if no market exists, actual costs plus a reasonable profit.

Loans to Directors, Executive Officers and Principal Shareholders . The authority of the Bank to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and principal shareholders, including their
 immediate family members and corporations and other entities that they control, is subject to substantial restrictions and requirements under the Federal Reserve s Regulation O, as well as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. These statutes and regulations
 impose limits the amount of loans the Bank may make to directors and other insiders and require that the loans must be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as prevailing at the time for comparable
 transactions with persons not affiliated with the Company or the Bank, that the Bank must follow credit underwriting procedures at least as stringent as those applicable to comparable transactions with persons who are not affiliated with the
 Company or the Bank; and that the loans must not involve a greater than normal risk of non-payment or include other features not favorable to the Bank. Furthermore, the Bank must periodically report all loans made to directors and other insiders
 to the bank regulators. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had no lines of credit for loans to insiders and one loan outstanding to insiders of 132,000.

Limits on Loans to One Borrower . As an Oklahoma state-chartered bank, the Bank is subject to limits on the amount of loans it can make to one borrower. With certain limited exceptions, loans
 and extensions of credit from Oklahoma state-chartered banks outstanding to any borrower (including certain related entities of the borrower) at any one time may not exceed 30 of the capital, less intangible assets, of the bank. An Oklahoma
 state-chartered bank may lend an additional amount if the loan is fully secured by certain types of collateral, like bonds or notes of the United States. Certain types of loans are exempted from the lending limits, including loans secured by
 segregated deposits held by the bank. The Bank s legal lending limit to any one borrower was 47.4 million as of December 31, 2022.

Safety and Soundness Standards/Risk Management . The federal banking agencies have adopted guidelines establishing operational and managerial standards to promote the safety and soundness of
 federally insured depository institutions. The guidelines set forth standards for internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees
 and benefits, asset quality and earnings.

If an institution fails to comply with any of the standards set forth in the guidelines, the financial institution s primary federal regulator may require the institution to submit a plan for
 achieving and maintaining compliance. If a financial institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan, or fails in any material respect to implement a compliance plan that has been accepted by its primary federal regulator, the regulator
 is required to issue an order directing the institution to cure the deficiency. Until the deficiency cited in the regulator s order is cured, the regulator may restrict the financial institution s rate of growth, require the financial institution
 to increase its capital, restrict the rates the institution pays on deposits or require the institution to take any action the regulator deems appropriate under the circumstances. Noncompliance with the standards established by the safety and
 soundness guidelines may also constitute grounds for other enforcement action by the federal bank regulatory agencies, including cease and desist orders and civil money penalty assessments.

8 

Table of Contents 

Branching Authority . New branches must be approved by the Federal Reserve and the OBD, which consider a number of factors, including financial history, capital adequacy, earnings prospects,
 character of management, needs of the community and consistency with corporate power. The Dodd-Frank Act permits insured state banks to engage in interstate branching if the laws of the state where the new banking office is to be established
 would permit the establishment of the banking office if it were chartered by a bank in such state. Finally, we may also establish banking offices in other states by merging with banks or by purchasing banking offices of other banks in other
 states, subject to certain restrictions.

Interstate Deposit Restrictions . The Interstate Act, together with the Dodd-Frank Act, relaxed prior branching restrictions under federal law by permitting, subject to regulatory approval,
 banks to establish branches in states where the laws permit banks chartered in such states to establish branches.

Section 109 of the Interstate Act prohibits a bank from establishing or acquiring a branch or branches outside of its home state primarily for the purpose of deposit production.

Community Reinvestment Act . The CRA directs the federal bank regulatory agencies, in examining insured depository institutions, to assess their record of helping to meet the credit needs of
 their entire community, including low- and moderate- income neighborhoods, consistent with safe and sound banking practices. The CRA further requires the agencies to take a financial institution s record of meeting its community credit needs into
 account when evaluating applications for, among other things, domestic branches, consummating mergers or acquisitions or holding company formations.

The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations which measure a bank s compliance with its CRA obligations on a performance-based evaluation system. This system bases CRA ratings on an
 institution s actual lending service and investment performance rather than the extent to which the institution conducts needs assessments, documents community outreach or complies with other procedural requirements. The ratings range from a high
 of outstanding to a low of substantial noncompliance. The Bank had a CRA rating of satisfactory as of its most recent CRA assessment.

Anti-Money Laundering and the Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation . The USA PATRIOT Act is designed to deny terrorists and criminals the ability to obtain access to the U.S. financial
 system and has significant implications for depository institutions, brokers, dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The USA PATRIOT Act substantially broadened the scope of United States AML laws and regulations by
 imposing significant compliance and due diligence obligations, created new crimes and penalties and expanded the extra territorial jurisdiction of the United States. Financial institutions are also prohibited from entering into specified
 financial transactions and account relationships, must use enhanced due diligence procedures in their dealings with certain types of high-risk customers and must implement a written customer identification program. Financial institutions must
 take certain steps to assist government agencies in detecting and preventing money laundering and report certain types of suspicious transactions. Regulatory authorities routinely examine financial institutions for compliance with these
 obligations and have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be in violation of these obligations.

Likewise, OFAC administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries,
 nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. Financial institutions are responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of and transactions with such targets and countries, prohibiting
 unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence.

Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate AML and OFAC programs, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational
 consequences for the institution, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required.

9 

Table of Contents 

Consumer Financial Services

We are subject to a number of federal and state consumer protection laws that extensively govern our relationship with our customers. These laws include the ECOA, the Fair Credit Reporting Act,
 the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Fair Debt
 Collection Practices Act, the Service Members Civil Relief Act, the Military Lending Act, and these laws respective state law counterparts, as well as state usury laws and laws regarding unfair and deceptive acts and practices. These and other
 federal laws, among other things, require disclosures of the cost of credit and terms of deposit accounts, provide substantive consumer rights, prohibit discrimination in credit transactions, regulate the use of credit report information, provide
 financial privacy protections, prohibit unfair, deceptive and abusive practices and subject us to substantial regulatory oversight. Violations of applicable consumer protection laws can result in significant potential liability from litigation
 brought by customers, including actual damages, restitution and attorneys fees. Federal bank regulators, state attorneys general and state and local consumer protection agencies may also seek to enforce consumer protection requirements and
 obtain these and other remedies, including regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, action by the state and local attorneys general in each jurisdiction in which we operate and civil money penalties. Failure to comply with consumer
 protection requirements may also result in failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for mergers or acquisitions or prohibition from engaging in such transactions even if approval is not required.

Rulemaking authority for most federal consumer protection laws was transferred from the prudential regulators to the CFPB on July 21, 2011. In some cases, regulators such as the Federal Trade
 Commission and the DOJ also retain certain rulemaking or enforcement authority. The CFPB also has broad authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive and abusive acts and practices, or UDAAP, and to investigate and penalize financial institutions that
 violate this prohibition. While the statutory language of the Dodd-Frank Act sets forth the standards for acts and practices that violate the prohibition on UDAAP, certain aspects of these standards are untested, and thus it is currently not
 possible to predict how the CFPB will exercise this authority.

The consumer protection provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and the examination, supervision and enforcement of those laws and implementing regulations by the CFPB have created a more intense and
 complex environment for consumer finance regulation. The CFPB has significant authority to implement and enforce federal consumer protection laws and new requirements for financial services products provided for in the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as
 the authority to identify and prohibit UDAAP. The review of products and practices to prevent such acts and practices is a continuing focus of the CFPB, and of banking regulators more broadly. The ultimate impact of this heightened scrutiny is
 uncertain but could result in changes to pricing, practices, products and procedures. It could also result in increased costs related to regulatory oversight, supervision and examination, additional remediation efforts and possible penalties. In
 addition, the Dodd-Frank Act provides the CFPB with broad supervisory, examination and enforcement authority over various consumer financial products and services, including the ability to require reimbursements and other payments to customers
 for alleged legal violations and to impose significant penalties, as well as injunctive relief that prohibits lenders from engaging in allegedly unlawful practices. The CFPB also has the authority to obtain cease and desist orders providing for
 affirmative relief or monetary penalties. The Dodd-Frank Act does not prevent states from adopting stricter consumer protection standards. State regulation of financial products and potential enforcement actions could also adversely affect our
 business, financial condition or results of operations.

The CFPB has examination and enforcement authority over providers with more than 10 billion in assets. Banks and savings institutions with 10 billion or less in assets, like the Bank, will
 continue to be examined by their applicable bank regulators.

10 

Table of Contents 

Federal Banking Agency Incentive Compensation Guidance

The federal bank regulatory agencies have issued comprehensive guidance intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and
 soundness of those organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The incentive compensation guidance sets expectations for banking organizations concerning their incentive compensation arrangements and related risk-management, control and
 governance processes. The incentive compensation guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon three primary
 principles: (1) balanced risk-taking incentives; (2) compatibility with effective controls and risk management; and (3) strong corporate governance. Any deficiencies in compensation practices that are identified may be incorporated into the
 organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or take other actions. In addition, under the incentive compensation guidance, a banking organization s federal supervisor may initiate enforcement action if
 the organization s incentive compensation arrangements pose a risk to the safety and soundness of the organization. Further, the Basel III capital rules limit discretionary bonus payments to bank executives if the institution s regulatory capital
 ratios fail to exceed certain thresholds. Although the federal bank regulatory agencies proposed additional rules in 2016 related to incentive compensation for all banks with more than 1.0 billion in assets, which would include the Company and
 the Bank, those rules have not been finalized and the scope and content of the U.S. banking regulators policies on executive compensation are continuing to develop and are likely to continue evolving in the near future.

Financial Privacy

The federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted rules that limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to non-affiliated
 third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a non-affiliated third party. These regulations affect how
 consumer information is transmitted through financial services companies and conveyed to outside vendors. In addition, consumers may also prevent disclosure of certain information among affiliated companies that is assembled or used to determine
 eligibility for a product or service, such as that shown on consumer credit reports and asset and income information from applications. Consumers also have the option to direct banks and other financial institutions not to share information about
 transactions and experiences with affiliated companies for the purpose of marketing products or services.

Cybersecurity

Banking institutions are required to implement a comprehensive information security program that includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to ensure the security and
 confidentiality of customer records and information. These security and privacy policies and procedures for the protection of confidential and personal information are in effect across our lines of business. Furthermore, the federal banking
 regulators regularly issue guidance regarding cybersecurity intended to enhance cyber risk management. A financial institution is expected to implement multiple lines of defense against cyber-attacks and ensure that their risk management
 procedures address the risk posed by potential cyber threats. A financial institution is further expected to maintain procedures to effectively respond to a cyber-attack and resume operations following any such attack. The Bank has adopted and
 implemented policies and procedures to comply with privacy, information security, and cybersecurity requirements. On November 18, 2021, the federal banking agencies issued a new rule effective in 2022 that requires banks to notify their
 regulators within 36 hours of a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident. 

Impact of Monetary Policy

The monetary policy of the Federal Reserve has a significant effect on the operating results of financial or bank holding companies and their subsidiaries. Among the tools available to the
 Federal Reserve to affect the money supply are open market transactions in U.S. government securities, changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings and changes in reserve requirements against member bank deposits. These tools are used
 in varying combinations to influence overall growth and distribution of bank loans, investments and deposits, and their use may affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits.

11 

Table of Contents 

Changes in Laws, Regulations or Policies

Other legislative and regulatory initiatives which could affect the Company, the Bank and the banking industry in general may be pending, proposed or introduced before the U.S. Congress, the
 Oklahoma Legislature and other governmental bodies from time to time. Such proposals, if enacted, may further alter the structure, regulation and competitive relationship among financial institutions, and may subject the Company or the Bank to
 increased regulation, disclosure and reporting requirements. In addition, the various banking regulatory agencies often adopt new rules and regulations to implement and enforce existing legislation. It cannot be predicted whether, or in what
 form, any such legislation or regulations may be enacted or the extent to which the business of the Company or the Bank would be affected thereby.

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

We believe the risks described below are the risks that are material to us. Any of the following risks, as well as risks that we do not know or currently deem immaterial,
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.

Risks Relating to Our Business and Market

Our business is concentrated in, and largely dependent upon, the continued growth and welfare of our markets, and adverse economic conditions in these
 markets could negatively impact our operations and customers.

Our business is primarily affected by the economies of Oklahoma, Texas and to a smaller degree the State of Kansas. Our success depends to a significant extent upon the business activity,
 population, income levels, employment trends, deposits and real estate activity in these markets.

As of December 31, 2022, the substantial majority of the loans in our loan portfolio were made to borrowers who live and/or conduct business in our markets and the substantial majority of our
 secured loans were secured by collateral located in our markets. Accordingly, we are exposed to risks associated with a lack of geographic diversification as any regional or local economic downturn that affects our markets, our existing or
 prospective borrowers, or property values in our markets may affect us and our profitability more significantly and more adversely than our competitors whose operations are less geographically focused.

In addition, market developments may affect consumer confidence levels and may cause adverse changes in payment patterns, causing increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could
 impact our charge-offs and provision for credit losses. Adverse changes in economic conditions in these markets could reduce our growth in loans and deposits, impair our ability to collect our loans, increase our problem loans and charge-offs and
 otherwise negatively affect our performance and financial condition.

We have credit exposure to the energy industry.

The energy industry is a significant sector in our Oklahoma market, and to a lesser extent, Kansas and the Dallas/Fort Worth metropolitan area. A downturn or lack of growth in the energy
 industry and energy-related business, including sustained low oil or gas prices or the failure of oil or gas prices to rise in the future, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. As of December 31,
 2022, our energy loans, which include loans to exploration and production companies, midstream companies, purchasers of mineral and royalty interests and service providers totaled 182.8 million, or 14.4 of total loans, as compared to 98.5
 million, or 9.6 of total loans as of December 31, 2021. In addition to our direct exposure to energy loans, we also have indirect exposure to energy prices, as some of our non-energy customers businesses are directly affected by volatility with
 the oil and gas industry and energy prices and otherwise are dependent on energy-related businesses. As of December 31, 2022, we had 43.8 million in unfunded commitments to borrowers in the oil and gas industry.

12 

Table of Contents 

We have credit exposure to the hospitality industry.

The Company has loan exposure to the hospitality industry, primarily through loans made to construct or finance the operation of hotels. At December 31, 2022, this exposure was approximately
 244.3 million, or 19.2 , of the total loan portfolio, along with an additional 15.5 million in unfunded debt, as compared to 198.4 million, or 19.2 , of the total loan portfolio, along with an additional 41.5 million in unfunded debt as of
 December 31, 2021. The hospitality industry is subject to changes in the travel patterns of business and leisure travelers, both of which are affected by the strength of the economy, as well as other factors. The performance of the hospitality
 industry has traditionally been closely linked with the performance of the general economy and, specifically, growth in gross domestic product. Changes in travel patterns of both business and leisure travelers, particularly during periods of
 economic contraction or low levels of economic growth, may create difficulties for the industry over the long-term. Although we have made a large portion of our hospitality loans to long-term, well-established hotel operators in strategic
 locations, a general downturn in the supply growth of such markets or hotel occupancy or room rates could negatively impact the borrowers ability to repay. A significant loss in this portfolio could materially and adversely affect the Company s
 financial condition and results of operations.

We have a concentration in commercial real estate lending that could cause our regulators to restrict our ability to grow.

As a part of their regulatory oversight, the federal regulators have issued guidance on Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices, or the CRE
 Concentration Guidance, with respect to a financial institution s concentrations in CRE lending activities. The CRE Concentration Guidance identifies certain concentration levels that, if exceeded, will expose the institution to additional
 supervisory analysis with regard to the institution s CRE concentration risk. The CRE Concentration Guidance is designed to promote appropriate levels of capital and sound loan and risk management practices for institutions with a concentration
 of CRE loans. In general, the CRE Concentration Guidance establishes the following supervisory criteria as preliminary indications of possible CRE concentration risk: (1) the institution s total construction, land development and other land loans
 represent 100 or more of total capital; or (2) total CRE loans as defined in this guidance, or Regulatory CRE, represent 300 or more of total capital, and the institution s Regulatory CRE has increased by 50 or more during the prior 36-month
 period. Pursuant to the CRE Concentration Guidance, loans secured by owner occupied CRE are not included for purposes of the CRE concentration calculation. As of December 31, 2022, our Regulatory CRE represented 304.72 of our total Bank capital
 and our construction, land development and other land loans represented 101.20 of our total Bank capital, as compared to 302.47 and 129.02 as of December 31, 2021, respectively. During the prior 36-month period, our Regulatory CRE has
 decreased 39.1 . We are actively working to manage our Regulatory CRE concentration, and we believe that our underwriting policies, management information systems, independent credit administration process, and monitoring of real estate loan
 concentrations are currently sufficient to address the CRE Concentration Guidance. We utilize enhanced CRE monitoring techniques as expected by banking regulators as our concentrations have approached or exceeded the regulatory guidance.
 Nevertheless, the Federal Reserve could become concerned about our CRE loan concentrations, and it could limit our ability to grow by restricting its approvals for the establishment or acquisition of branches, or approvals of mergers or other
 acquisition opportunities, or by requiring us to raise additional capital, reduce our loan concentrations or undertake other remedial actions.

Because a portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of real estate loans, negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity
 could impair the value of collateral securing our real estate loans and result in loan and other losses.

Adverse developments affecting real estate values, particularly in Oklahoma City and the Dallas/Fort Worth metropolitan area, could increase the credit risk associated with our real estate loan
 portfolio. Real estate values may experience periods of fluctuation, and the market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time. Adverse changes affecting real estate values and the liquidity of real estate in one
 or more of our markets could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio, and could result in losses that adversely affect credit quality, financial condition and results of operation. Negative changes in the economy affecting
 real estate values and liquidity in our market areas could significantly impair the value of property pledged as collateral on loans and affect our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure without a loss or additional losses. Collateral
 may have to be sold for less than the outstanding balance of the loan, which could result in losses on such loans. Such declines and losses could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and growth prospects. If real
 estate values decline, it is also more likely that we would be required to increase our allowance, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

13 

Table of Contents 

Many of our loans are to commercial borrowers, which have a higher degree of risk than other types of loans.

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.26 billion of commercial purpose loans, which include general commercial, energy, agricultural, and CRE loans, representing approximately 98.8 
 of our gross loan portfolio. Commercial purpose loans are often larger and involve greater risks than other types of lending. Because payments on these loans are often dependent on the successful operation or development of the property or
 business involved, their repayment is more sensitive than other types of loans to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the general economy.

Accordingly, a downturn in the real estate market or the general economy could heighten our risk related to commercial purpose loans, particularly energy and CRE loans. Unlike residential
 mortgage loans, which generally are made on the basis of the borrowers ability to make repayment from their employment and other income and which are secured by real property whose value tends to be more easily ascertainable, commercial purpose
 loans typically are made on the basis of the borrowers ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the commercial venture. If the cash flow from business operations is reduced, the borrowers ability to repay the loan may be impaired. As a
 result of the larger average size of each commercial purpose loan as compared with other loans such as residential loans, as well as the collateral which is generally less readily marketable, losses incurred on a small number of commercial
 purpose loans could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

Our largest loan relationships make up a material percentage of our total loan portfolio .

As of December 31, 2022, our 20 largest borrowing relationships ranged from approximately 15.4 million to 35.8 million (including unfunded commitments) and totaled approximately 451.1
 million in total commitments (representing, in the aggregate, 35.4 of our total outstanding commitments as of December 31, 2022). Each of the loans associated with these relationships has been underwritten in accordance with our underwriting
 policies and limits. Along with other risks inherent in these loans, such as the deterioration of the underlying businesses or property securing these loans, this concentration of borrowers presents a risk that, if one or more of these
 relationships were to become delinquent or suffer default, we could be exposed to material losses. The allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover losses associated with any of these relationships, and any loss or increase in the
 allowance would negatively affect our earnings and capital. Even if these loans are adequately collateralized, an increase in classified assets could harm our reputation with our regulators and inhibit our ability to execute our business plan.

Our largest deposit relationships currently make up a material percentage of our deposits and the withdrawal of deposits by our largest depositors could
 force us to fund our business through more expensive and less stable sources.

At December 31, 2022, our 20 largest deposit relationships accounted for 29.8 of our total deposits. Withdrawals of deposits by any one of our largest depositors or by one of our related
 customer groups could force us to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding for our business and withdrawal demands, adversely affecting our net interest margin and results of operations. We may also be forced, as a result of
 withdrawals of deposits, to rely more heavily on other, potentially more expensive and less stable funding sources. Additionally, such circumstances could require us to raise deposit rates in an attempt to attract new deposits, which would
 adversely affect our results of operations. Under applicable regulations, if the Bank were no longer well capitalized, the Bank would not be able to accept brokered deposits without the approval of the FDIC.

14 

Table of Contents 

A substantial portion of our loan portfolio consists of loans maturing within one year, and there is no guarantee that these loans will be replaced upon
 maturity or renewed on the same terms or at all.

As of December 31, 2022, approximately 37.6 of our gross loans were maturing within one year, compared to approximately 38.4 of our gross loans that were maturing within one year as of
 December 31, 2021. As a result, we will either need to renew or replace these loans during the course of the year. There is no guarantee that these loans will be originated or renewed by borrowers on the same terms or at all, as demand for such
 loans may decrease. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that borrowers will qualify for new loans or that existing loans will be renewed by us on the same terms or at all, as collateral values may be insufficient or the borrowers cash flow may be
 materially less than when the loan was initially originated. This could result in a significant decline in the size of our loan portfolio.

Our allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover our actual loan losses, which could adversely affect our earnings.

We maintain an allowance for loan losses in an amount that we believe is appropriate to provide for losses inherent in the portfolio. While we strive to carefully monitor credit quality and to
 identify loans that may become nonperforming, at any time there are loans included in the portfolio that will result in losses but that have not been identified as nonperforming or potential problem loans. We cannot be sure that we will be able
 to identify deteriorating loans before they become nonperforming assets or that we will be able to limit losses on those loans that are identified. As a result, future additions to the allowance may be necessary. Additionally, future additions
 may be required based on changes in the loans comprising the portfolio and changes in the financial condition of borrowers, such as may result from changes in economic conditions or as a result of incorrect assumptions by management in
 determining the allowance. Federal banking regulators, as an integral part of their supervisory function, periodically review our allowance for loan losses. These regulatory agencies may require us to increase our provision for loan losses or
 to recognize further loan charge-offs based upon their judgments, which may be different from ours. Any increase in the allowance for loan losses could have a negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Commercial and
 commercial real estate loans comprise a significant portion of our total loan portfolio. These types of loans typically are larger than residential real estate loans and other consumer loans. Because our loan portfolio contains a significant
 number of commercial and commercial real estate loans with relatively large balances, the deterioration of one or a few of these loans may cause a significant increase in nonperforming assets. An increase in nonperforming loans could result in a
 loss of earnings from these loans, an increase in the allowance for loan losses, or an increase in loan charge-offs, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.

Our profitability depends on interest rates generally, and we may be adversely affected by changes in market interest rates.

Our profitability depends in substantial part on our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between the amounts received by us on our interest-earning assets and the
 interest paid by us on our interest-bearing liabilities. Our net interest income depends on many factors that are partly or completely outside of our control, including competition, federal economic, monetary and fiscal policies and economic
 conditions generally. Our net interest income will be adversely affected if market interest rates change so that the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings increases faster than the interest we earn on loans and investments.

15 

Table of Contents 

Changes in interest rates could affect our ability to originate loans and deposits. Historically, there has been an inverse correlation between the demand for loans and interest rates. Loan
 origination volume usually declines during periods of rising or high interest rates and increases during periods of declining or low interest rates. Changes in interest rates also have a significant impact on the carrying value of certain of our
 assets, including loans and other assets, on our balance sheet.

Interest rate increases often result in larger payment requirements for our borrowers, which increase the potential for default. At the same time, the marketability of any underlying property
 that serves as collateral for such loans may be adversely affected by any reduced demand resulting from higher interest rates. An increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans
 may lead to an increase in nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Further, when we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any
 accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. Subsequently, we continue to have a cost to fund the loan, which is reflected as interest expense, without any interest income to offset the associated funding expense.
 Thus, an increase in the amount of nonaccrual loans would have an adverse impact on net interest income.

Rising interest rates in prior periods have increased interest expense, which in turn has adversely affected net interest income, and may do so in the future if the Federal Reserve raises
 rates as anticipated. In a rising interest rate environment, competition for cost-effective deposits increases, making it more costly to fund loan growth. In addition, a rising rate environment could cause mortgage and mortgage warehouse
 lending volumes to substantially decline. Any rapid and unexpected volatility in interest rates creates uncertainty and potential for unexpected material adverse effects. The Company actively monitors and manages the balances of maturing and
 repricing assets and liabilities to reduce the adverse impact of changes in interest rates, but there can be no assurances that the Company can avoid all material adverse effects that such interest rate changes may have on the Company s net
 interest margin and overall financial condition.

The ratio of variable- to fixed-rate loans in our loan portfolio, the ratio of short-term (maturing at a given time within 12 months) to long-term loans, and the ratio of our demand, money
 market and savings deposits to certificates of deposit (and their time periods), are the primary factors affecting the sensitivity of our net interest income to changes in market interest rates. The composition of our rate-sensitive assets or
 liabilities is subject to change and could result in a more unbalanced position that would cause market rate changes to have a greater impact on our earnings. Fluctuations in market rates and other market disruptions are neither predictable nor
 controllable and may adversely affect our financial condition and earnings.

We rely on short-term funding, which can be adversely affected by local and general economic conditions.

As of December 31, 2022, approximately 1.25 billion, or 87.2 , of our deposits consisted of demand, savings, money market and negotiable order of withdrawal, or NOW, accounts. Approximately
 183.5 million of the remaining balance of deposits consists of certificates of deposit, of which approximately 157.1 million, or 85.6 of remaining deposits, was due to mature within one year. Based on our experience, we believe that our
 savings, money market and non-interest-bearing accounts are relatively stable sources of funds. Historically, a majority of non-brokered certificates of deposit are renewed upon maturity as long as we pay competitive interest rates. Many of these
 customers are, however, interest-rate conscious and may be willing to move funds into higher-yielding investment alternatives. Our ability to attract and maintain deposits, as well as our cost of funds, has been, and will continue to be
 significantly affected by general economic conditions. In addition, as market interest rates rise, we will have competitive pressure to increase the rates we pay on deposits. If we increase interest rates paid to retain deposits, our earnings may
 be adversely affected.

16 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and meet our obligations as they become due and could jeopardize our financial condition.

Liquidity is essential to our business. Liquidity risk is the potential that we will be unable to meet our obligations as they come due because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain
 adequate funding. The Bank s primary funding source is customer deposits. In addition, the Bank has historically had access to advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka, or the FHLB, the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, or the FRB,
 discount window and other wholesale sources, such as internet-sourced deposits to fund operations. We participate in the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service, or CDARS, where customer funds are placed into multiple certificates of
 deposit, each in an amount under the standard FDIC insurance maximum of 250,000, and placed at a network of banks across the United States. Although the Bank has historically been able to replace maturing deposits and advances as necessary, it
 might not be able to replace such funds in the future. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans and other sources could have a substantial negative effect on liquidity.

Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities or on acceptable terms could be impaired by factors that affect our organization specifically or the financial
 services industry or economy in general. Factors that could detrimentally impact access to liquidity sources include a decrease in the level of our business activity as a result of a downturn in the markets in which our loans are concentrated or
 adverse regulatory actions against us. The Bank s ability to borrow or attract and retain deposits in the future could be adversely affected by the Bank s financial condition or regulatory restrictions, or impaired by factors that are not
 specific to it, such as FDIC insurance changes, disruption in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the banking industry. Borrowing capacity from the FHLB or FRB may fluctuate based upon the condition of
 the Bank or the acceptability and risk rating of loan collateral and counterparties could adjust discount rates applied to such collateral at the lender s discretion.

The FRB or FHLB could restrict or limit the Bank s access to secured borrowings. Correspondent banks can withdraw unsecured lines of credit or require collateralization for the purchase of fed
 funds. Liquidity also may be affected by the Bank s routine commitments to extend credit. Market conditions or other events could also negatively affect the level or cost of funding, affecting our ongoing ability to accommodate liability
 maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations and fund asset growth and new business transactions at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner and without adverse consequences.

Any substantial, unexpected or prolonged change in the level or cost of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, and could impair our
 ability to fund operations and meet our obligations as they become due and could jeopardize our financial condition.

We are exposed to cybersecurity risks associated with our internet-based systems and online commerce security, including hacking and identify theft. 

We conduct a portion of our business over the internet. We rely heavily upon data processing, including loan servicing and deposit processing, software, communications and information systems
 from a number of third parties to conduct our business. As a bank, we are more likely to be targeted by cyber-attacks in an effort to unlawfully access customer funds or customer personally identifiable information.

Third-party or internal systems and networks may fail to operate properly or become disabled due to deliberate attacks or unintentional events. Our operations are vulnerable to disruptions from
 human error, natural disasters, power loss, computer viruses, spam attacks, denial of service attacks, unauthorized access and other unforeseen events. Undiscovered data corruption could render our customer information inaccurate. These events
 may obstruct our ability to provide services and process transactions. While we believe we are in compliance with all applicable privacy and data security laws, an incident could put our customer confidential information at risk.

Although we have not experienced a cyber-incident which has been successful in compromising our data or systems, we can never be certain that all of our systems are entirely free from
 vulnerability to breaches of security or other technological difficulties or failures. We monitor and modify, as necessary, our protective measures in response to the perpetual evolution of known cyber-threats.

17 

Table of Contents 

A breach in the security of any of our information systems, or other cyber-incident, could have an adverse impact on, among other things, our revenue, ability to attract and maintain customers
 and our reputation. In addition, as a result of any breach, we could incur higher costs to conduct our business, to increase protection, or related to remediation. Furthermore, our customers could incorrectly blame us and terminate their account
 with us for a cyber-incident which occurred on their own system or with that of an unrelated third party. In addition, a security breach could also subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and expose us to civil litigation and possible
 financial liability.

Our operations could be interrupted if our third-party service providers experience difficulty, terminate their services or fail to comply with banking
 regulations.

We depend to a significant extent on a number of relationships with third-party service providers. Specifically, we receive core systems processing, essential web hosting and other internet
 systems, loan and deposit processing and other processing services from third-party service providers. If these third-party service providers experience financial, operational or technological difficulties or terminate their services and we are
 unable to replace them with other service providers, our operations could be interrupted. If an interruption were to continue for a significant period of time, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
 adversely affected. Even if we are able to replace our service providers, it may be at a higher cost to us, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may be exposed to risk of environmental liabilities with respect to properties to which we take title.

In the course of our business, we may foreclose and take title to real estate, and we could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. We may be held liable to a
 governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination, or we may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or
 toxic substances, or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. In addition, if we are the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, we may be subject to claims by
 third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. If we ever become subject to significant environmental liabilities, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of
 operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Inflationary pressures and rising prices may affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Inflation reached a near 40-year high in late 2021, and high levels of inflation persisted during 2022 and may continue in 2023. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that the 12-month
 percent change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (not seasonally adjusted) for all items was 6.5 for December 2021 to December 2022, 7.0 for December 2020 to December 2021, 1.4 for December 2019 to December 2020, and 2.3 for
 December 2018 to December 2019. Inflationary pressures are currently expected to remain elevated throughout 2023.

Small to medium-sized businesses may be impacted more during periods of high inflation as they are not able to leverage economics of scale to mitigate cost pressures compared to larger
 businesses. Consequently, the ability of our business customers to repay their loans may deteriorate, and in some cases this deterioration may occur quickly, which would adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. When
 the rate of inflation accelerates, there is an erosion of consumer and customer purchasing power. Accordingly, this could impact our business by reducing our tolerance for extending credit, and our customer s desire to obtain credit, or causing
 us to incur additional provisions for loan losses resulting from a possible increased default rate. Inflation may lead to lower loan re-financings. Furthermore, a prolonged period of inflation could cause wages and other costs to further
 increase which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Sustained higher interest rates by the Federal Reserve may be needed to tame persistent inflationary price pressures, which could push down asset prices and weaken economic activity. A
 deterioration in economic conditions in the United States and our markets could result in an increase in loan delinquencies and non-performing assets, decreases in loan collateral values and a decrease in demand for our products and services, all
 of which, in turn, would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

18 

Table of Contents 

A natural disaster affecting our market areas could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations.

Our business is concentrated in Oklahoma, the Dallas/Ft. Worth and to a lesser extent Kansas. Almost all of our credit exposure is in that area. This geographic region has been subject to
 tornadoes and severe hail storms with occasional flooding. Natural disasters could harm our operations directly through interference with communications, which would prevent us from gathering deposits, originating loans, and processing and
 controlling our flow of business, as well as through the destruction of facilities and our operational, financial and management information systems. A natural disaster or recurring power outages may also impair the value of our loan portfolio,
 as uninsured or underinsured losses, including losses from business disruption, may reduce our borrowers ability to repay their loans. Disasters may also reduce the value of the real estate securing our loans, impairing our ability to recover
 on defaulted loans through foreclosure and making it more likely that we would suffer losses on defaulted loans. The occurrence of natural disasters in our market areas could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
 condition, and results of operations.

Risks Relating to Our Regulatory Environment

We are subject to extensive regulation, which increases the cost and expense of compliance and could limit or restrict our activities, which in turn may
 adversely impact our earnings and ability to grow.

We operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to regulation, supervision and examination by a number of governmental regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve, the OBD,
 and the FDIC. Regulations adopted by these agencies, which are generally intended to provide protection for depositors, customers and the DIF, rather than for the benefit of shareholders, govern a comprehensive range of matters relating to
 ownership and control of our shares, our acquisition of other companies and businesses, permissible activities for us to engage in, maintenance of adequate capital levels, dividend payments and other aspects of our operations. These bank
 regulators possess broad authority to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of law. Following examinations, we may be required, among other things, to change our asset valuations or the amounts of required loan loss
 allowances or to restrict our operations, as well as increase our capital levels, which could adversely affect our results of operations. The laws and regulations applicable to the banking industry could change at any time and we cannot predict
 the effects of these changes on our business, profitability or growth strategy. Increased regulation could increase our cost of compliance and adversely affect profitability. Moreover, certain of these regulations contain significant punitive
 sanctions for violations, including monetary penalties and limitations on a bank s ability to implement components of its business plan, such as expansion through mergers and acquisitions or the opening of new branch offices. In addition, changes
 in regulatory requirements may add costs associated with compliance efforts. Furthermore, government policy and regulation, particularly as implemented through the Federal Reserve, significantly affect credit conditions. Negative developments in
 the financial industry and the impact of new legislation and regulation in response to those developments could negatively impact our business operations and adversely impact our financial performance.

Monetary policy and other economic factors could affect our profitability adversely. 

In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to
 regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve to implement these objectives are open market purchases and sales of U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate and changes in
 banks reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates
 charged on loans or paid on deposits.

The monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the
 future. The effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition and results of operations cannot be predicted.

19 

Table of Contents 

Regulations relating to privacy, information security and data protection could increase our costs, affect or limit how we collect and use personal
 information and adversely affect our business opportunities.

We are subject to various privacy, information security and data protection laws, including requirements concerning security breach notification, and we could be negatively impacted by these
 laws. For example, our business is subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act which, among other things: (i) imposes certain limitations on our ability to share non-public personal information about our customers with non-affiliated third parties;
 (ii) requires that we provide certain disclosures to customers about our information collection, sharing and security practices and afford customers the right to opt out of any information sharing by us with non-affiliated third parties (with
 certain exceptions) and (iii) requires we develop, implement and maintain a written comprehensive information security program containing safeguards appropriate based on our size and complexity, the nature and scope of our activities and the
 sensitivity of customer information we process, as well as plans for responding to data security breaches. Various state and federal banking regulators and states have also enacted data security breach notification requirements with varying
 levels of individual, consumer, regulatory or law enforcement notification in certain circumstances in the event of a security breach. Moreover, legislators and regulators in the United States are increasingly adopting or revising privacy,
 information security and data protection laws that potentially could have a significant impact on our current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, our collection, use, sharing, retention and
 safeguarding of consumer or employee information, and some of our current or planned business activities. On November 18, 2021, the federal banking agencies issued a new rule effective in 2022 that requires banks to notify their regulators within
 36 hours of a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident. This could also increase our costs of compliance and business operations and could reduce income from certain business initiatives. This includes
 increased privacy-related enforcement activity at the federal level by the Federal Trade Commission, as well as at the state level.

We rely on third parties, and in some cases subcontractors, to provide information technology and data services. Although we provide for appropriate protections through our contracts and
 perform information security risk assessments of its third-party service providers and business associates, we still have limited control over their actions and practices. In addition, despite the security measures that we have in place to ensure
 compliance with applicable laws and rules, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human
 errors or other similar events. In such cases, notification to affected individuals, state and federal regulators, state attorneys general and media may be required, depending upon the number of affected individuals and whether personal
 information including financial data was subject to unauthorized access.

Compliance with current or future privacy, data protection and information security laws (including those regarding security breach notification) affecting customer or employee data to which we
 are subject could result in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict our ability to provide certain products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions or results of operations.
 Our failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws could result in potentially significant regulatory or governmental investigations or actions, litigation, fines, sanctions and damage to our reputation, which could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

20 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock

Shares of certain shareholders may be sold into the public market. This could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly.

Our principal shareholders (collectively, the Haines Family Trusts have the benefit of certain registration rights covering all of their shares of our common stock pursuant to the
 registration rights agreement that we entered into with the Haines Family Trusts in connection with our initial public offering. Sales of a substantial number of these shares in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur,
 could cause the market price of our common stock to decline or to be lower than it might otherwise be. In addition, as of December 31, 2022 approximately 57.3 of our outstanding common stock is beneficially owned by our principal shareholders,
 executive officers and directors. The substantial amount of common stock that is owned by and issuable to our principal shareholders, executive officers and directors may adversely affect our share price, our share price volatility and the
 development and persistence of an active and liquid trading market. The sale of these shares could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities.

We are controlled by trusts established for the benefit of members of the Haines family, whose interests may not coincide with our other shareholders.

As of December 31, 2022, the Haines Family Trusts control approximately 50.8 of our common stock. So long as the Haines Family Trusts continue to control more than 50 of our outstanding
 shares of common stock, they will have the ability, if they vote in the same manner, to determine the outcome of all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors, the approval of mergers, material acquisitions and
 dispositions and other extraordinary transactions, and amendments to our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and other corporate governance documents. In addition, this concentration of ownership may delay or prevent a change in control of our
 Company and make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of the Haines Family Trusts. The Haines Family Trusts also have certain rights, such as registration rights, that our other shareholders do not have. In any of
 these matters, the interests of the Haines Family Trusts may differ from or conflict with our interests as a company or the interests of other shareholders. Accordingly, the Haines Family Trusts could influence us to enter into transactions or
 agreements that other shareholders would not approve or make decisions with which other shareholders may disagree.

We are a controlled company within the meaning of the rules of NASDAQ, and qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. As a
 result, our shareholders do not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to such requirements.

We are a controlled company under NASDAQ s corporate governance listing standards, meaning that more than 50 of the voting power for the election of our board of directors will be held by a
 single person, entity or group. As a controlled company, we are exempt from the obligation to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements:

that a majority of our board of directors consists of independent directors, as defined under NASDAQ rules; 

that director nominations are selected, or recommended for the board of directors selection, by either (i) the independent directors constituting a majority of the board of directors independent directors
 in a vote in which only independent directors participate, or (ii) a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors; and

that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors. 

Even though we are a controlled company, we currently intend to comply with each of these requirements. However, we may avail ourselves of certain of these other exemptions for as long as we
 remain a controlled company. Accordingly, our shareholders may not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of NASDAQ s corporate governance requirements, which could make our stock less attractive
 to investors or otherwise harm our stock price.

21 

Table of Contents 

We are a bank holding company and our only source of cash, other than further issuances of securities, is distributions from the Bank.

We are a bank holding company with no material activities other than activities incidental to holding the common stock of the Bank. Our principal source of funds to pay distributions on our
 common stock and service any of our obligations, other than further issuances of securities, would be dividends received from the Bank. Furthermore, the Bank is not obligated to pay dividends to us, and any dividends paid to us would depend on
 the earnings or financial condition of the Bank and various business considerations. As is the case with all financial institutions, the profitability of the Bank is subject to the fluctuating cost and availability of money, changes in interest
 rates and in economic conditions in general. In addition, various federal and state statutes limit the amount of dividends that the Bank may pay to the Company without regulatory approval.

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable.

Item 2. Properties 

The Company s corporate offices are located at 1039 N.W. 63 rd Street, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73116. The
 Company s corporate office space is owned by the Bank s wholly-owned subsidiary, 1039 NW 63 rd , LLC, and consists of approximately 6,600 square feet, an annex of
 approximately 4,400 square feet, and a 10,000 square foot operations building. The Bank operates from our corporate office, eight full-service branch offices located in Oklahoma, two full-service branch offices located in southwest Kansas and two
 full-service branch offices located in the Dallas/Fort Worth metropolitan area. Of these twelve locations, four are leased and eight are owned by the Bank.

22 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, the Company or the Bank is a party to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Management does not believe any present litigation or the
 resolution thereof will have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations of the Company.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable.

PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The Company s shares of common stock are traded on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol BSVN . The approximate number of holders of record of the Company s
 common stock as of March 24, 2023 was 4.

The Company paid quarterly dividends of 0.12 per share with respect to each of the first three quarters of 2022, increasing to 0.16 per share in the fourth quarter. The
 Company currently expects to continue quarterly dividends of 0.16 per share in the future. Any future determination to pay dividends and the amount of such dividends on the Company s common stock will be made by its Board of Directors and will
 depend on a number of factors, including

historical and projected financial condition, liquidity and results of operations;

the Company s capital levels and requirements;

statutory and regulatory prohibitions and other limitations;

any contractual restriction on the Company s ability to pay cash dividends, including pursuant to the terms of any of its credit agreements or other borrowing arrangements;

business strategy;

tax considerations;

any acquisitions or potential acquisitions;

general economic conditions; and

other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors.

Set forth below is information as of December 31, 2022 regarding equity compensation plans. The plan that has been approved by the shareholders is the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan.

Plan 

Number of

 securities to be

 issued upon

 exercise of 

 outstanding 

 options and rights

Weighted

 average

 exercise price

Number of

 securities

 remaining

 available for

 issuance under

 plan

Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders

364,141

17.52

700,087

23 

Table of Contents 

COMPANY PERFORMANCE

Presented below is a line graph which compares the percentage in the cumulative total return on the Company s Common Stock to the cumulative total return of the NASDAQ Stock Market (U.S.
 Companies) Index and the NASDAQ Bank Stock Index. The period presented is from September 24, 2018 through December 31, 2022. The graph assumes an investment on September 24, 2018 of 100 in the Company s Common Stock and in each index, and that
 any dividends were reinvested. The values presented for each year during the period represent the cumulative market values of the respective investment. The performance graph represents past performance and should not be considered to be an
 indication of future performance.

Item 6. [Reserved] 

24 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and our
 financial performance. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may, might, should, could, predict, potential, believe, expect, continue, will, anticipate, seek, 
 estimate, intend, plan, strive, projection, goal, target, outlook, aim, would, annualized and outlook, or the negative version of those words or other comparable words or phrases of a future or forward-looking nature.
 These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are
 inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, we caution that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties that are difficult to
 predict. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking
 statements.

There are or will be important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the
 following:

our ability to effectively execute our expansion strategy and manage our growth, including identifying and consummating suitable acquisitions;

business and economic conditions, particularly those affecting our market areas of Oklahoma, the Dallas/Fort Worth metropolitan area and Kansas, including a decrease in or the volatility of oil and gas
 prices or agricultural commodity prices within the region;

the geographic concentration of our markets in Oklahoma, the Dallas/Fort Worth metropolitan area and Kansas; 

successful integration of Watonga Bancshares, Inc. 

high concentrations of loans secured by real estate and energy located in our market areas; 

risks associated with our commercial loan portfolio, including the risk for deterioration in value of the general business assets that secure such loans;

risks related to the significant amount of credit that we have extended to a limited number of borrowers; 

our ability to maintain our reputation; 

our ability to successfully manage our credit risk and the sufficiency of our allowance; 

reinvestment risks associated with a significant portion of our loan portfolio maturing in one year or less; 

our ability to attract, hire and retain qualified management personnel; 

our dependence on our management team, including our ability to retain executive officers and key employees and their customer and community relationships;

interest rate fluctuations, which could have an adverse effect on our profitability; 

competition from banks, credit unions and other financial services providers; 

system failures, service denials, cyber-attacks and security breaches; 

our ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; 

employee error, fraudulent activity by employees or customers and inaccurate or incomplete information about our customers and counterparties;

increased capital requirements imposed by banking regulators, which may require us to raise capital at a time when capital is not available on favorable terms or at all;

costs and effects of litigation, investigations or similar matters to which we may be subject, including any effect on our reputation; 

severe weather, acts of god, acts of war, pandemics or terrorism; 

compliance with governmental and regulatory requirements, including the Dodd-Frank and Wall Street Consumer Protection Act, or Dodd-Frank Act, and other regulations relating to banking, consumer protection,
 securities and tax matters;

changes in the laws, rules, regulations, interpretations or policies relating to financial institutions, accounting, tax, trade, monetary and fiscal matters, including the policies of the Federal Reserve
 and as a result of initiatives of the Trump administration; and

other factors that are discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors, beginning on page 12. 

25 

Table of Contents 

The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read together with the other cautionary statements included in this report. Because of these risks and other
 uncertainties, our actual future results, performance or achievements, or industry results, may be materially different from the results indicated by the forward-looking statements in this report. In addition, our past results of operations are
 not necessarily indicative of our future results. Accordingly, no forward-looking statements should be relied upon, which represent our beliefs, assumptions and estimates only as of the dates on which such forward-looking statements were made.
 Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise,
 except as required by law.

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and
 related notes included elsewhere in this report.

Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this management s discussion and analysis to we , our , and us, refer to Bank7 Corp. and its consolidated
 subsidiaries. All references to the Bank refer to Bank7, our wholly owned subsidiary.

General 

We are Bank7 Corp., a bank holding company headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Bank7, we operate twelve full-service branches in Oklahoma, the
 Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas metropolitan area and Kansas. We are focused on serving business owners and entrepreneurs by delivering fast, consistent and well-designed loan and deposit products to meet their financing needs. We intend to grow
 organically by selectively opening additional branches in our target markets and we will also pursue strategic acquisitions.

As a bank holding company, we generate most of our revenue from interest income on loans and from short-term investments. The primary source of funding for our loans and short-term investments
 are deposits held by our subsidiary, Bank7. We measure our performance by our return on average assets, return on average equity, earnings per share, capital ratios, and our efficiency ratio, which is calculated by dividing noninterest expense
 by the sum of net interest income on a tax equivalent basis and noninterest income.

As of December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 1.58 billion, total loans of 1.26 billion, total deposits of 1.43 billion and total shareholders equity of 144.1 million.

26 

Table of Contents 

The U.S. economy experienced widespread volatility throughout 2020 and 2021 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and government responses to the pandemic. Economic condition declined rapidly
 and significantly following the initial widespread U.S. outbreak in March and April of 2020. Federal stimulus was quickly passed in the form of the CARES Act and the economy rebounded significantly in the second half of 2020. In an emergency
 measure aimed at dampening the economic impact of COVID-19, the Federal Reserve lowered the target for the federal funds rate to a range of between zero to 0.25 effective on March 16, 2020 where it remained through the end of 2020. This action
 by the Federal Reserve followed a prior reduction of the targeted federal funds rates to a range of 1.0 to 1.25 effective March 4, 2020. As the pandemic eased through 2021 and inflation increased, the Federal Reserve aggressively raised the
 federal funds target rate to 4.25-4.50 by the end of 2022. These actions positively impacted growth in net interest income in 2022 but the higher rates could negatively impact loan customers in a slowing economy.

2022 Highlights

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported pre-tax net income of 39.3 million, an increase of 8.3 million, or 27.0 compared to pre-tax net income of 30.9 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily related to an increase in interest earning assets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, average loans totaled 1.14 billion, an increase of 237.6 million or 26.2 , from December 31, 2021.

Pre-tax return on average assets and return on average equity was 2.68 and 29.32 , respectively for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2.96 and 26.41 , respectively, for the
 same period in 2021. Tax-adjusted return on average assets and return on average equity was 2.02 and 23.92 , respectively for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2.21 and 20.13 , respectively, for the same period in 2021. Our
 efficiency ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 39.29 as compared to 36.76 for the year ended December 31, 2021.

As of December 31, 2022, total loans were 1.27 billion, an increase of 242.1 million, or 23.5 , from December 31, 2021. Total deposits were 1.43 billion as of December 31, 2022, an increase
 of 211.8 million, or 17.4 , from December 31, 2021.

Results of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020

Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin 

The following table presents, for the periods indicated, information about: (i) weighted average balances, the total dollar amount of interest income from interest-earning assets, and the
 resultant average yields; (ii) average balances, the total dollar amount of interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, and the resultant average rates; (iii) net interest income; and (iv) the net interest margin.

27 

Table of Contents 

Net Interest Margin

For the Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Average

 Balance

Interest

 Income/

 Expense

Average

 Yield/

 Rate

Average

 Balance

Interest

 Income/

 Expense

Average

 Yield/ 
 Rate

Average

 Balance

Interest

 Income/

 Expense

Average

 Yield/ 
 Rate

(Dollars in thousands)

Interest-Earning Assets:

Short-term investments

129,624

1,673

1.29

126,136

178

0.25

116,295

828

0.71

Debt securities, taxable

145,915

2,313

1.59

4,663

312

3.84

1,123

36

3.21

Debt securities, tax exempt (1) 

21,635

360

1.66

1,852

31

1.62

-

-

-

Loans held for sale

586

-

-

318

-

-

244

-

-

Total loans (2) 

1,143,380

74,403

6.51

905,804

55,768

6.16

823,228

52,450

6.37

Total interest-earning assets

1,441,140

78,749

5.46

1,038,773

56,289

5.42

940,890

53,314

5.67

Noninterest-earning assets

23,532

7,361

8,067

Total assets

1,464,672

1,046,134

948,957

Funding sources:

Interest-bearing liabilities:

Deposits:

Transaction accounts

724,617

7,842

1.08

430,268

1,396

0.32

377,519

2,729

0.72

Time deposits

165,735

1,480

0.89

205,437

1,657

0.81

207,442

3,424

1.65

Total interest-bearing deposits

890,352

9,322

1.05

635,705

3,053

0.48

584,961

6,153

1.05

Total interest-bearing liabilities

890,352

9,322

1.05

635,705

3,053

0.48

584,961

6,153

1.05

Noninterest-bearing liabilities:

Noninterest-bearing deposits

432,901

288,446

256,431

Other noninterest-bearing liabilities

7,520

4,930

5,206

Total noninterest-bearing liabilities

440,421

293,376

261,637

Shareholders equity

133,899

117,053

102,359

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

1,464,672

1,046,134

948,957

Net interest income

69,427

53,236

47,161

Net interest spread

4.42

4.94

4.61

Net interest margin

4.82

5.12

5.01

(1) 

Taxable-equivalent yield of 2.20 as of December 31, 2022, applying a 24.5 effective tax rate

(2) 

Average loan balances include monthly average nonaccrual loans of 8.8 million, 12.6 million and 11.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

We continued to experience strong asset growth for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021:

- 

Total interest income on loans increased 18.6 million, or 33.4 , to 74.4 million, which was attributable to a 237.6 million increase in the average balance of loans to 1.14 billion during the year ended
 2022 as compared with the average balance of 905.8 million for the year ended 2021;

- 

Yields on our interest-earning assets totaled 5.46 , an increase of 4 basis points which was attributable to higher loan rates of 35 basis points, an increase in yield on short term investments of 104 basis
 points, and a decrease in yield on taxable debt securities of 225 basis points; and

- 

Net interest margin for the years ended 2022 and 2021 was 4.82 and 5.12 , respectively.

For the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020:

- 

Total interest income on loans increased 3.3 million, or 6.3 , to 55.8 million, which was attributable to a 82.6 million increase in the average balance of loans to 905.8 million during the year ended
 2021 as compared with the average balance of 823.2 million for the year ended 2020;

- 

Loan fees totaled 7.8 million, an increase of 2.8 million or 54.7 . 949,000 of the increase was due to PPP fee income recognized;

- 

Yields on our interest-earning assets totaled 5.42 , a decrease of 25 basis points which was attributable to lower loan rates and a decrease in yield on short term investments of 46 basis points, both were
 primarily impacted by the aforementioned changes in market interest rates related to the pandemic; and

- 

Net interest margin for the years ended 2021 and 2020 was 5.12 and 5.01 , respectively.

28 

Table of Contents 

The FED influences the general market rates of interest, including the deposit and loan rates offered by many financial institutions. Our loan portfolio is significantly affected by changes in
 the prime interest rate. For the three year period between January 1, 2020 and December 31, 2022, the prime rate fluctuated between a high of 7.50 , and a low of 3.25 .

Interest income on short-term investments increased 1.5 million, or 839.9 , to 1.7 million for year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, due to an increase in the average balances of
 3.5 million, or 2.8 and a yield increase of 104 basis points. Interest income on short-term investments decreased 515,000, or 62.2 , to 313,000 for year ended December 31, 2021
 compared to 2020, due to yield decrease of 46 basis points. 

Interest expense on interest-bearing deposits totaled 9.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.1 million for 2021, an increase of 6.2 million, or 205.3 . The increase
 was related to the cost of interest-bearing deposits increasing to 1.05 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 0.48 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest expense on interest-bearing deposits totaled 3.1 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2021, compared to 6.2 million for 2020, a decrease of 3.1 million, or 50.4 . The decrease was related to the cost of interest-bearing deposits decreasing to 0.48 for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 1.05 for the year ended
 December 31, 2020, which was related to the aforementioned changes in market interest rates related to the pandemic.

Net interest margin for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 4.82 , 5.12 and 5.01 , respectively.

The following table sets forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income during the period shown. Information is provided with respect to (i) effects on interest
 income attributable to changes in volume (change in volume multiplied by prior rate) and (ii) effects on interest income attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume).

Analysis of Changes in Interest Income and Expenses

For the Year Ended

 December 31, 2022 vs 2021

For the Year Ended

 December 31, 2021 vs 2020

Change due to:

Change due to:

Volume (1) 

Rate (1) 

Interest 

Variance

Volume (1) 

Rate (1) 

Interest 
 Variance

(Dollars in thousands)

(Dollars in thousands)

Increase (decrease) in interest income:

Short-term investments

10

1,485

1,495

70

(585

(515

Debt securities

7,633

(5,303

2,330

354

(211

143

Total loans

14,635

4,000

18,635

5,260

(1,943

3,317

Total increase (decrease) in interest income

22,278

182

22,460

5,684

(2,739

2,945

Increase (decrease) in interest expense:

Deposits:

Transaction accounts

942

5,504

6,446

380

(1,713

(1,333

Time deposits

(322

145

(177

(33

(1,734

(1,767

Total interest-bearing deposits

620

5,649

6,269

347

(3,447

(3,100

Total increase (decrease) in interest expense

620

5,649

6,269

347

(3,447

(3,100

Increase (Decrease) in net interest income

21,657

(5,466

16,191

5,337

708

6,045

(1) Variances attributable to both volume and rate are allocated on a consistent basis between rate and volume based on the absolute
 value of the variances in each category. 

29 

Table of Contents 

Weighted Average Yield of Debt Securities 

The following table summarizes the maturity distribution schedule with corresponding weighted average taxable equivalent yields of the debt securities portfolio at December 31, 2022. The
 following table presents securities at their expected maturities, which may differ from contractual maturities. The Company manages its debt securities portfolio for liquidity, as a tool to execute its asset/liability management strategy, and for
 pledging requirements for public funds:

As of December 31, 2022

Within One Year

After One Year But

 Within Five Years

After Five Years But

 Within Ten Years

After Ten Years

Total

Amount

Yield 

Amount

Yield 

Amount

Yield 

Amount

Yield 

Amount

Yield 

Available-for-sale

(Dollars in thousands)

U.S. Federal agencies

11

2.62

176

1.83

955

1

-

0

1,142

1.21

Mortgage-backed securities

500

1.17

9,599

0.96

3,541

1.30

24,434

1.66

38,074

1.45

State and political subdivisions

2,104

1.61

15,070

1.24

10,650

1.44

531

1.48

28,356

1.35

U.S. Treasuries

-

-

98,168

1.18

2,492

1.11

-

-

100,660

1.18

Corporate debt securities

-

-

-

-

4,934

3.36

-

-

4,933

3.36

Total

2,615

1.53

123,014

1.17

22,571

1.78

24,965

1.66

173,165

1.34

Percentage of total

1.51

71.04

13.03

14.42

100.00

Yield is on a taxable-equivalent basis using 21 tax rate

Provision for Loan Losses 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021:

- 

The provision for loan losses increased from 4.2 million to 4.5 million; and

- 

The allowance as a percentage of loans increased by 16 basis points to 1.16 .

For the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020:

- 

The provision for loan losses decreased from 5.4 million to 4.2 million; and

- 

The allowance as a percentage of loans decreased by 15 basis points to 1.00 .

Noninterest Income 

The following table sets forth the major components of our noninterest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

For the Years Ended

For the Years Ended

December 31,

December 31,

2022

2021

Increase

 (Decrease)

Increase

 (Decrease)

2021

2020

Increase

 (Decrease)

Increase

 (Decrease)

(Dollars in thousands)

(Dollars in thousands)

Noninterest income:

Mortgage lending income

486

435

51

11.72

435

175

260

148.57

Gain (Loss) on sales of available-for-sale debt securities

(127

-

(127

-100.00

-

Service charges on deposit accounts

900

550

350

63.64

550

442

108

24.43

Other income and fees

1,680

1,265

415

32.81

1,265

1,048

217

20.71

Total noninterest income

2,939

2,250

689

30.62

2,250

1,665

585

35.14

30 

Table of Contents 

Noninterest Expense 

Noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 28.6 million compared to 20.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 8.2 million or 40.4 . Noninterest
 expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 20.4 million compared to 17.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 2.8 million or 15.9 . The following table sets forth the major components of our noninterest expense
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

For the Years Ended

For the Years Ended

December 31,

December 31,

2022

2021

Increase

 (Decrease)

Increase

 (Decrease)

2021

2020

Increase

 (Decrease)

Increase

 (Decrease)

(Dollars in thousands)

(Dollars in thousands)

Noninterest expense:

Salaries and employee benefits

17,040

11,983

5,057

42.20

11,983

10,130

1,853

18.29

Furniture and equipment

1,468

883

585

66.25

883

868

15

1.73

Occupancy

2,329

1,899

430

22.64

1,899

1,957

(58

-2.96

Data and item processing

2,068

1,237

831

67.18

1,237

1,091

146

13.38

Accounting, marketing, and legal fees

984

800

184

23.00

800

536

264

49.25

Regulatory assessments

1,344

604

740

122.52

604

506

98

19.37

Advertising and public relations

477

282

195

69.15

282

400

(118

-29.50

Travel, lodging and entertainment

363

409

(46

-11.25

409

241

168

69.71

Other expense

2,568

2,300

268

11.65

2,300

1,863

437

23.46

Total noninterest expense

28,641

20,397

8,244

40.42

20,397

17,592

2,805

15.94

For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021:

- 

Salaries and employee benefits expense was 17.0 million compared to 12.0 million, an increase of 5.1 million, or 42.2 . The increase was attributable to overall increases in compensation to remain
 competitive, and due to our acquisition of Cornerstone Bank in late 2021, which increased employee headcount.

For the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020:

- 

Salaries and employee benefits expense was 12.0 million compared to 10.1 million, an increase of 1.9 million, or 18.3 . The increase was attributable to overall increases in compensation to remain
 competitive, and partially due to our acquisition of Cornerstone Bank in late 2021, which increased employee headcount.

Financial Condition 

The following discussion of our financial condition compares December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.

Total Assets

Total assets increased 233.6 million, or 17.3 , to 1.58 billion as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 1.35 billion as of December 31, 2021 and 1.02 billion as of December 31, 2020.

31 

Table of Contents 

Loan Portfolio 

Our loans represent the largest portion of our earning assets. The quality and diversification of the loan portfolio is an important consideration when reviewing our financial condition. As of
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our gross loans were 1.27 billion, 1.03 billion and 839.1 million, respectively.

The following table presents the balance and associated percentage of each major category in our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020:

As of December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Amount

of Total

Amount

of Total

Amount

of Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Construction development

163,203

12.8

169,322

16.4

107,855

12.8

1-4 family real estate

76,928

6.0

62,971

6.1

29,079

3.5

Commercial real estate - other

439,001

34.5

339,655

32.9

290,489

34.6

Total commercial real estate

679,132

53.3

571,948

55.5

427,423

50.9

Commercial industrial

513,011

40.3

361,974

35.1

351,248

41.9

Agricultural

66,145

5.2

73,010

7.1

50,519

6.0

Consumer

14,949

1.2

24,046

2.3

9,898

1.2

Gross loans

1,273,237

100.0

1,030,978

100.0

839,088

100.0

Less: unearned income, net

(2,781

(2,577

(2,475

Total Loans, net of unearned income

1,270,456

1,028,401

836,613

Less: Allowance for loan losses

(14,734

(10,316

(9,639

Net loans

1,255,722

1,018,085

826,974

During the second quarter of 2020, we began originating loans to qualified small businesses under the PPP administered by the SBA under the provisions of the CARES Act. Included in our
 commercial industrial balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021, are 2.6 million and 18.7 million of PPP loans, respectively.

We have established internal concentration limits in the loan portfolio for CRE loans, hospitality loans, energy loans, and construction loans, among others. All loan types are within our
 established limits. We use underwriting guidelines to assess each borrower s historical cash flow to determine debt service, and we further stress test the debt service under higher interest rate scenarios. Financial and performance covenants are
 used in commercial lending to allow us to react to a borrower s deteriorating financial condition, should that occur.

32 

Table of Contents 

The following tables show the contractual maturities of our gross loans as of the periods below:

As of December 31, 2022

Due in One Year or Less

Due after One Year

 Through Five Years

Due after Five Years

 Through Fifteen Years

Due after Fifteen Years

Fixed

 Rate

Adjustable

 Rate

Fixed

 Rate

Adjustable

 Rate

Fixed

 Rate

Adjustable

 Rate

Fixed

 Rate

Adjustable

 Rate

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Construction development

11,749

81,002

7,556

57,439

-

1,160

-

4,297

163,203

1-4 family real estate

10,550

12,664

24,741

15,782

314

6,606

-

6,271

76,928

Commercial real estate - other

2,680

59,870

131,105

207,819

6,635

17,146

-

13,746

439,001

Total commercial real estate

24,979

153,536

163,402

281,040

6,949

24,912

-

24,314

679,132

Commercial industrial

43,823

234,573

60,275

159,571

3,745

10,390

-

634

513,011

Agricultural

1,798

17,514

8,767

33,270

469

980

140

3,207

66,145

Consumer

1,683

22

6,310

156

587

2,860

82

3,249

14,949

Gross loans

72,283

405,645

238,754

474,037

11,750

39,142

222

31,404

1,273,237

As of December 31, 2021

Due in One Year or Less

Due after One Year

 Through Five Years

Due after Five Years

 Through Fifteen Years

Due after Fifteen Years

Fixed

 Rate

Adjustable

 Rate

Fixed

 Rate

Adjustable

 Rate

Fixed

 Rate

Adjustable

 Rate

Fixed

 Rate

Adjustable

 Rate

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Construction development

7,283

71,551

10,148

74,052

-

2,243

-

4,045

169,322

1-4 family real estate

3,259

21,322

11,979

11,674

926

7,375

-

6,436

62,971

Commercial real estate - other

5,156

97,309

59,227

143,906

413

19,230

-

14,414

339,655

Total commerical real estate

15,698

190,182

81,354

229,632

1,339

28,848

-

24,895

571,948

Commercial industrial

24,249

142,553

16,346

145,654

20,474

12,047

-

651

361,974

Agricultural

2,529

17,441

5,156

39,305

623

1,587

-

6,369

73,010

Consumer

4,870

29

10,825

172

1,554

2,458

84

4,054

24,046

Gross loans

47,346

350,205

113,681

414,763

23,990

44,940

84

35,969

1,030,978

As of December 31, 2020

Due in One Year or Less

Due after One Year

 Through Five Years

Due after Five Years

 Through Fifteen Years

Due after Fifteen Years

Fixed

 Rate

Adjustable

 Rate

Fixed

 Rate

Adjustable

 Rate

Fixed

 Rate

Adjustable

 Rate

Fixed

 Rate

Adjustable

 Rate

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Construction development

14

47,649

885

58,387

-

920

-

-

107,855

1-4 family real estate

273

13,394

4,712

9,959

39

702

-

-

29,079

Commercial real estate - other

2,377

55,307

45,880

180,721

294

4,288

-

1,622

290,489

Total real estate

2,664

116,350

51,477

249,067

333

5,910

-

1,622

427,423

Commercial industrial

16,914

194,520

39,593

93,707

11

6,503

-

-

351,248

Agricultural

5,141

27,215

2,534

14,420

60

541

-

608

50,519

Consumer

1,544

150

6,570

65

1,057

425

87

-

9,898

Gross loans

26,263

338,235

100,174

357,259

1,461

13,379

87

2,230

839,088

33 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 

The allowance is based on management s estimate of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. In the opinion of management, the allowance is adequate to absorb estimated losses in the
 portfolio as of each balance sheet date. While management uses available information to analyze losses on loans, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions. In addition, various regulatory agencies,
 as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Company s allowance. In analyzing the adequacy of the allowance, a comprehensive loan grading system to determine risk potential in loans is utilized together with the
 results of internal credit reviews.

To determine the adequacy of the allowance, the loan portfolio is broken into segments based on loan type. Historical loss experience factors by segment, adjusted for changes in trends and
 conditions, are used to determine an indicated allowance for each portfolio segment. These factors are evaluated and updated based on the composition of the specific loan segment. Other considerations include volumes and trends of delinquencies,
 nonaccrual loans, levels of bankruptcies, criticized and classified loan trends, expected losses on real estate secured loans, new credit products and policies, economic conditions, concentrations of credit risk and the experience and abilities
 of our lending personnel. In addition to the segment evaluations, impaired loans with a balance of 250,000 or more are individually evaluated based on facts and circumstances of the loan to determine if a specific allowance amount may be
 necessary. Specific allowances may also be established for loans whose outstanding balances are below the 250,000 threshold when it is determined that the risk associated with the loan differs significantly from the risk factor amounts
 established for its loan segment.

The allowance was 14.7 million at December 31, 2022, 10.3 million at December 31, 2021 and 9.6 million at December 31, 2020. The increasing trend was related to loan growth.

The following table provides an analysis of the activity in our allowance for the periods indicated:

For the Year Ended

 December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(Dollars in thousands)

Balance at beginning of the period

10,316

9,639

7,846

Provision for loan losses

4,468

4,175

5,350

Charge-offs:

Construction development

-

-

-

1-4 family real estate

-

-

-

Commercial real estate - other

-

-

-

Commercial industrial

(2

(3,750

(3,289

Agricultural

(50

-

(300

Consumer

(22

(68

(1

Total charge-offs

(74

(3,818

(3,590

Recoveries:

Construction development

-

-

-

1-4 family real estate

-

-

2

Commercial real estate - other

-

-

-

Commercial industrial

10

16

18

Agricultural

4

300

10

Consumer

10

4

3

Total recoveries

24

320

33

Net recoveries (charge-offs)

(50

(3,498

(3,557

Balance at end of the period

14,734

10,316

9,639

Net recoveries (charge-offs) to average loans

0.00

0.39

0.43

34 

Table of Contents 

While the entire allowance is available to absorb losses from any and all loans, the following table represents management s allocation of the allowance by loan category, and the percentage of
 allowance in each category, for the periods indicated:

As of December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

(Dollars in thousands)

Construction development

1,889

12.8

1,695

16.4

1,239

12.8

1-4 family real estate

890

6.0

630

6.1

334

3.5

Commercial real estate - Other

5,080

34.5

3,399

32.9

3,337

34.6

Commercial industrial

5,937

40.3

3,621

35.2

4,035

41.9

Agricultural

765

5.2

730

7.1

580

6.0

Consumer

173

1.2

241

2.3

114

1.2

Total

14,734

100.0

10,316

100.0

9,639

100.0

Nonperforming Assets 

Loans are considered delinquent when principal or interest payments are past due 30 days or more. Delinquent loans may remain on accrual status between 30 days and 90 days past due. Loans on
 which the accrual of interest has been discontinued are designated as nonaccrual loans. Typically, the accrual of interest on loans is discontinued when principal or interest payments are past due 90 days or when, in the opinion of management,
 there is a reasonable doubt as to collectability of the obligation. When loans are placed on nonaccrual status, all interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed against current period interest income. Income on a nonaccrual loan is
 subsequently recognized only to the extent that cash is received and the loan s principal balance is deemed collectible. Loans are restored to accrual status when loans become well-secured and management believes full collectability of principal
 and interest is probable.

A loan is considered impaired when it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impaired loans include loans on
 nonaccrual status and loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring, or TDR. Income from a loan on nonaccrual status is recognized to the extent cash is received and when the loan s principal balance is deemed collectible. Depending on a
 particular loan s circumstances, we measure impairment of a loan based upon either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s observable market price, or the fair value of the
 collateral less estimated costs to sell if the loan is collateral dependent. A loan is considered collateral dependent when repayment of the loan is based solely on the liquidation of the collateral. Fair value, where possible, is determined by
 independent appraisals, typically on an annual basis. Between appraisal periods, the fair value may be adjusted based on specific events, such as if deterioration of quality of the collateral comes to our attention as part of our problem loan
 monitoring process, or if discussions with the borrower lead us to believe the last appraised value no longer reflects the actual market for the collateral. The impairment amount on a collateral dependent loan is charged off to the allowance if
 deemed not collectible and the impairment amount on a loan that is not collateral dependent is set up as a specific reserve.

35 

Table of Contents 

In cases where a borrower experiences financial difficulties and we make certain concessionary modifications to contractual terms, the loan is classified as a TDR. Included in certain loan
 categories of impaired loans are TDRs on which we have granted certain material concessions to the borrower as a result of the borrower experiencing financial difficulties. The concessions granted by us may include, but are not limited to: (1) a
 modification in which the maturity date, timing of payments or frequency of payments is modified, (2) an interest rate lower than the current market rate for new loans with similar risk, or (3) a combination of the first two concessions.

If a borrower on a restructured accruing loan has demonstrated performance under the previous terms, is not experiencing financial difficulty and shows the capacity to continue to perform under
 the restructured terms, the loan will remain on accrual status. Otherwise, the loan will be placed on nonaccrual status until the borrower demonstrates a sustained period of performance, which generally requires six consecutive months of
 payments. Loans identified as TDRs are evaluated for impairment using the present value of the expected cash flows or the estimated fair value of the collateral, if the loan is collateral dependent. The fair value is determined, when possible, by
 an appraisal of the property less estimated costs related to liquidation of the collateral. The appraisal amount may also be adjusted for current market conditions. Adjustments to reflect the present value of the expected cash flows or the
 estimated fair value of collateral dependent loans are a component in determining an appropriate allowance, and as such, may result in increases or decreases to the provision for loan losses in current and future earnings.

Real estate we acquire as a result of foreclosure or by deed-in-lieu of foreclosure is classified as other real estate owned, or OREO, until sold, and is initially recorded at fair value less
 costs to sell when acquired, establishing a new cost basis.

Nonperforming loans include nonaccrual loans, loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest and loans modified under TDRs that are not performing in accordance with their modified
 terms. Nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans plus OREO. Loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis were 8.0 million as of December 31, 2022, 9.9 million as of December 31, 2021 and 14.6 million as of December 31, 2020. OREO was 0
 as of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020.

The following table presents information regarding nonperforming assets as of the dates indicated.

As of 
 December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(Dollars in thousands)

Nonaccrual loans

8,039

9,885

14,575

Troubled-debt restructurings (1)

-

-

-

Accruing loans 90 or more days past due

9,941

496

1,960

Total nonperforming loans

17,980

10,381

16,535

Other real estate owned

-

-

-

Total nonperforming assets

17,980

10,381

16,535

Ratio of nonperforming loans to total loans

1.42

1.01

1.98

Ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans

0.63

0.96

1.74

Ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans

1.16

1.00

1.15

Ratio of allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans

183.28

104.36

66.13

Ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets

1.13

0.77

1.63

(1) 1.2 million, 1.4 million and 12.98 million of TDRs as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

36 

Table of Contents 

The following tables present an aging analysis of loans as of the dates indicated.

As of December 31, 2022

Loans 30-59

 days past

 due

Loans 60-89

 days past

 due

Loans 90+

 days past

 due

Loans 90+

 days past

 due and

 accruing

Total Past 

 Due Loans

Current

Total loans

(Dollars in thousands)

Construction development

-

-

-

-

-

163,203

163,203

1-4 family real estate

-

-

-

-

-

76,928

76,928

Commercial real estate - other

-

617

-

-

617

438,384

439,001

Commercial industrial

21

-

9,923

9,923

9,944

503,067

513,011

Agricultural

4

-

-

-

4

66,141

66,145

Consumer

291

82

22

18

395

14,554

14,949

Total

316

699

9,945

9,941

10,960

1,262,277

1,273,237

As of December 31, 2021

Loans 30-59

 days past

 due

Loans 60-89

 days past

 due

Loans 90+

 days past 

 due

Loans 90+

 days past

 due and

 accruing

Total Past

 Due Loans

Current

Total loans

(Dollars in thousands)

Construction development

-

-

-

-

-

169,322

169,322

1-4 family real estate

-

-

-

-

-

62,971

62,971

Commercial real estate - other

-

174

-

-

174

339,481

339,655

Commercial industrial

-

19

501

401

520

361,454

361,974

Agricultural

-

-

77

77

77

72,933

73,010

Consumer

48

15

18

18

81

23,965

24,046

Total

48

208

596

496

852

1,030,126

1,030,978

As of December 31, 2020

Loans 30-59

 days past

 due

Loans 60-89

 days past

 due

Loans 90+

 days past

 due

Loans 90+

 days past

 due and

 accruing

Total Past

 Due Loans

Current

Total loans

(Dollars in thousands)

Construction development

714

-

-

-

714

107,141

107,855

1-4 family commerical

-

-

-

-

-

29,079

29,079

Commercial real estate - Other

1,444

-

1,960

1,960

3,404

287,085

290,489

Commercial industrial

-

-

-

-

-

351,248

351,248

Agricultural

-

-

-

-

-

50,519

50,519

Consumer

193

-

-

-

193

9,705

9,898

Total

2,351

-

1,960

1,960

4,311

834,777

839,088

In addition to the past due and nonaccrual criteria, the Company also evaluates loans according to its internal risk grading system. Loans are segregated between pass, watch, special mention,
 and substandard categories. The definitions of those categories are as follows:

Pass : These loans generally conform to Bank policies, are characterized by policy-conforming advance rates on collateral, and have well-defined repayment
 sources. In addition, these credits are extended to borrowers and guarantors with a strong balance sheet and either substantial liquidity or a reliable income history.

Watch : These loans are still considered Pass credits; however, various factors such as industry stress, material changes in cash flow or financial
 conditions, or deficiencies in loan documentation, or other risk issues determined by the lending officer, Commercial Loan Committee or CQC warrant a heightened sense and frequency of monitoring.

Special mention : These loans have observable weaknesses or evidence imprudent handling or structural issues. The weaknesses require close attention, and the
 remediation of those weaknesses is necessary. No risk of probable loss exists. Credits in this category are expected to quickly migrate to Watch or Substandard as this is viewed as a transitory loan grade.

37 

Table of Contents 

Substandard : These loans are not adequately protected by the sound worth and debt service capacity of the borrower, but may be well-secured. The loans have
 defined weaknesses relative to cash flow, collateral, financial condition or other factors that might jeopardize repayment of all of the principal and interest on a timely basis. There is the possibility that a future loss will occur if
 weaknesses are not remediated.

Substandard loans totaled 21.0 million as of December 31, 2022, a decrease of 3.7 million compared to December 31, 2021. Substandard loans totaled 24.7 million as of December 31, 2021, an
 increase of 1.6 million compared to December 31, 2020. The total net decrease in 2022 as compared to 2021, is comprised of a net increase in commercial and industrial substandard loans primarily related to an increase in two relationships
 comprised of four notes totaling 16.4 million with a 133,306 specific reserve and a decrease in one relationship comprised of one note totaling 2.1 million with no specific reserve, and a net decrease in commercial real estate substandard
 loans primarily related to two relationships comprised of one note each totaling 13.8 million with no specific reserves.

Outstanding loan balances categorized by internal risk grades as of the periods indicated are summarized as follows:

As of December 31, 2022

Pass

Watch

Special

 mention

Substandard

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Construction development

163,203

-

-

-

163,203

1-4 family real estate

76,928

-

-

-

76,928

Commercial real estate - Other

397,295

14,976

24,747

1,983

439,001

Commercial industrial

493,412

-

584

19,015

513,011

Agricultural

65,857

288

-

-

66,145

Consumer

14,927

-

-

22

14,949

Total

1,211,622

15,264

25,331

21,020

1,273,237

As of December 31, 2021

Pass

Watch

Special

 mention

Substandard

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Construction development

169,322

-

-

-

169,322

1-4 family real estate

62,971

-

-

-

62,971

Commercial real estate - Other

282,268

14,976

27,112

15,299

339,655

Commercial industrial

341,661

4,658

6,300

9,355

361,974

Agricultural

72,295

255

460

-

73,010

Consumer

24,000

-

-

46

24,046

Total

952,517

19,889

33,872

24,700

1,030,978

As of December 31, 2020

Pass

Watch

Special

 mention

Substandard

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Construction development

107,855

-

-

-

107,855

1-4 family real estate

28,711

368

-

-

29,079

Commercial real estate - Other

248,194

24,155

10,086

8,054

290,489

Commercial industrial

328,656

7,691

300

14,601

351,248

Agricultural

50,051

-

-

468

50,519

Consumer

9,898

-

-

-

9,898

Total

773,365

32,214

10,386

23,123

839,088

38 

Table of Contents 

Troubled Debt Restructurings 

TDRs are defined as those loans in which a bank, for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise
 consider. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due from the borrower in accordance with original contractual terms of the loan. Loans
 with insignificant delays or insignificant short-falls in the amount of payments expected to be collected are not considered to be impaired. Loans defined as individually impaired, based on applicable accounting guidance, include larger balance
 nonperforming loans and TDRs.

The CARES Act includes a provision that permits a financial institution to elect to suspend temporarily troubled debt restructuring accounting under ASC Subtopic 310-40 in certain circumstances
 section 4013 ). To be eligible under section 4013, a loan modification must be (1) related to COVID-19; (2) executed on a loan that was not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019; and (3) executed between March 1, 2020, and the
 earlier of (A) 60 days after the date of termination of the National Emergency or (B) January 1, 2022. In response to this section of the CARES Act, the federal banking agencies issued a revised interagency statement on April 7, 2020 that, in
 consultation with the Financial Accounting Standards Board, confirmed that for loans not subject to section 4013, short-term modifications made on a good faith basis in response to COVID-19 to borrowers who were current prior to any relief are
 not troubled debt restructurings under ASC Subtopic 310-40. As of December 31, 2022, one loan totaling 2.6 million was modified, related to COVID-19, which was not considered a troubled debt restructuring.

The following table presents loans restructured as TDRs as of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020.

As of December 31, 2022

Number of

 Contracts

Pre-Modification

 Outstanding

 Recorded

 Investment

Post-Modification

 Outstanding

 Recorded

 Investment

Specific Reserves

 Allocated

(Dollars in thousands)

Commercial real estate

1

1,198

1,198

-

Total

1

1,198

1,198

-

As of December 31, 2021

Number of

 Contracts

Pre-Modification

 Outstanding

 Recorded

 Investment

Post-Modification

 Outstanding

 Recorded

 Investment

Specific Reserves

 Allocated

(Dollars in thousands)

Commercial real estate

1

1,402

1,402

-

Total

1

1,402

1,402

-

As of December 31, 2020

Number of

 Contracts

Pre-Modification

 Outstanding

 Recorded

 Investment

Post-Modification

 Outstanding

 Recorded

 Investment

Specific reserves

 allocated

(Dollars in thousands)

Commercial industrial

1

10,886

10,886

-

Agricultural

1

469

469

-

Commercial real estate

1

1,622

1,622

-

Total

3

12,977

12,977

-

39 

Table of Contents 

There were no payment defaults with respect to loans modified as TDRs as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.

Impairment analyses are prepared on TDRs in conjunction with the normal allowance process. TDRs restructured during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 required 0, 0 and 0 in
 specific reserves, respectively.

The following table presents total TDRs, both in accrual and nonaccrual status as of the periods indicated:

As of December 31

2022

2021

2020

Number of

 contracts

Amount

Number of

 contracts

Amount

Number of

 contracts

Amount

(Dollars in thousands)

Accrual

-

-

-

-

-

-

Nonaccrual

1

1,198

1

1,402

3

12,977

Total

1

1,198

1

1,402

3

12,977

Deposits 

We gather deposits primarily through our twelve branch locations and online though our website. We offer a variety of deposit products including demand deposit accounts and interest-bearing
 products, such as savings accounts and certificates of deposit. We put continued effort into gathering noninterest-bearing demand deposit accounts through loan production cross-selling, customer referrals, marketing efforts and various
 involvement with community networks. Some of our interest-bearing deposits were obtained through brokered transactions. We participate in the CDARS program, where customer funds are placed into multiple certificates of deposit, each in an amount
 under the standard FDIC insurance maximum of 250,000, and placed at a network of banks across the United States.

As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 brokered deposits were 261.3 million, 273.8 million, and 427.0 million, respectively, of these 261.3
 million, 273.8 million, and 427.0 million, respectively, were reciprocal deposits.

Total deposits as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were 1.43 billion, 1.22 billion and 905.5 million, respectively. The increase was primarily due to acquired deposits and organic
 deposit growth. The following table sets forth deposit balances by certain categories as of the dates indicated and the percentage of each deposit category to total deposits.

As of December 31

2022

2021

2020

Amount

Percentage of

 Total

Amount

Percentage of

 Total

Amount

Percentage of

 Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Noninterest-bearing demand

439,409

30.8

366,705

30.1

246,569

27.2

Interest-bearing transaction deposits

669,852

46.7

583,389

47.9

392,784

43.4

Savings deposits

136,537

9.6

89,778

7.4

54,008

6.0

Time deposits 250,000 or less)

140,929

9.9

132,690

10.9

135,811

15.0

Time deposits (more than 250,000)

42,573

3.0

44,909

3.7

76,342

8.4

Total interest-bearing deposits

989,891

69.2

850,766

69.9

658,945

72.8

Total deposits

1,429,300

100.0

1,217,471

100.0

905,514

100.0

40 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes our average deposit balances and weighted average rates for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020:

For the Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Average

 Balance

Weighted

 Average Rate

Average

 Balance

Weighted

 Average Rate

Average

 Balance

Weighted

 Average Rate

(Dollars in thousands)

Non interest-bearing demand

432,901

0.00

288,446

0.00

256,431

0.00

Interest-bearing transaction deposits

613,798

1.11

375,048

0.34

318,713

1.50

Savings deposits

110,818

0.92

55,220

0.23

58,806

0.56

Time deposits

165,735

0.89

205,437

0.81

207,442

1.65

Total interest-bearing deposits

890,351

1.05

635,705

0.48

584,961

1.05

Total deposits

1,323,252

0.70

924,151

0.33

841,392

0.73

The following tables set forth the maturity of time deposits as of the dates indicated below:

As of December 31, 2022 Maturity Within:

Three Months

Three to Six

 Months

Six to 12

 Months

After 12

 Months

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Time deposits 250,000 or less)

58,184

25,333

38,844

18,568

140,929

Time deposits (more than 250,000)

12,292

5,579

17,001

7,701

42,573

Total time deposits

70,476

30,912

55,845

26,269

183,502

As of December 31, 2021 Maturity Within:

Three Months

Three to Six

 Months

Six to 12

 Months

After 12

 Months

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Time deposits 250,000 or less)

32,680

37,016

31,197

31,797

132,690

Time deposits (more than 250,000)

18,234

5,932

10,729

10,014

44,909

Total time deposits

50,914

42,948

41,926

41,811

177,599

Liquidity

Liquidity refers to the measure of our ability to meet the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers, while at the same time meeting our operating, capital and strategic cash flow
 needs, all at a reasonable cost. We continuously monitor our liquidity position to ensure that assets and liabilities are managed in a manner that will meet all short-term and long-term cash requirements. We manage our liquidity position to meet
 the daily cash flow needs of customers, while maintaining an appropriate balance between assets and liabilities to meet the return on investment objectives of our shareholders.

Our liquidity position is supported by management of liquid assets and access to alternative sources of funds. Our liquid assets include cash, interest-bearing deposits in correspondent banks
 and fed funds sold. Other available sources of liquidity include wholesale deposits and borrowings from correspondent banks and FHLB advances.

Our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements are primarily met through cash flow from operations, redeployment of prepaying and maturing balances in our loan portfolios, and increases in
 customer deposits. Other alternative sources of funds will supplement these primary sources to the extent necessary to meet additional liquidity requirements on either a short-term or long-term basis.

As of December 31, 2022, we had no unsecured fed funds lines with correspondent depository institutions with no amounts advanced. In addition, based on the values of loans pledged as
 collateral, we had borrowing availability with the FHLB of 129.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 78.1 million as of December 31, 2021.

41 

Table of Contents 

Capital Requirements

The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal and state banking regulators. Failure to meet regulatory capital requirements may result in certain
 mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on our financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective
 action (described below), the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of our assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting policies. The capital amounts
 and classifications are subject to qualitative judgments by the federal banking regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. Qualitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy required the Bank to
 maintain minimum amounts and ratios of Common Equity Tier 1, or CET1, capital, Tier 1 capital and total capital to risk-weighted assets and of Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets, referred to as the leverage ratio. For further
 information, see Supervision and Regulation Regulatory Capital Requirements and Supervision and Regulation Prompt Corrective Action Framework. 

In the wake of the global financial crisis of 2008 and 2009, the role of capital has become fundamentally more important, as banking regulators have concluded that the amount and quality of
 capital held by banking organizations was insufficient to absorb losses during periods of severely distressed economic conditions. The Dodd-Frank Act and banking regulations promulgated by the U.S. federal banking regulators to implement Basel
 III have established strengthened capital standards for banks and bank holding companies and require more capital to be held in the form of common stock. In addition, the Basel III regulations implement a concept known as the capital
 conservation buffer. In general, banks, bank holding companies with more than 3.0 billion in assets and bank holding companies with publicly-traded equity are required to hold a buffer of CET1 capital equal to 2.5 of risk-weighted assets over
 each minimum capital ratio in order to avoid being subject to limits on capital distributions (e.g., dividends, stock buybacks, etc.) and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers.

As of December 31, 2022, the FDIC categorized the Bank as well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action framework. There have been no conditions or events since December 31, 2022 that
 management believes would change this classification.

42 

Table of Contents 

The table below also summarizes the capital requirements applicable to the Bank in order to be considered well-capitalized from a regulatory perspective, as well as the Bank s capital ratios
 as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The Bank exceeded all regulatory capital requirements under Basel III and the Bank was considered to be well-capitalized as of the dates reflected in the tables below.

Actual

With Capital 
 Conservation Buffer

Minimum to be Well-

 Capitalized Under Prompt

 Corrective Action

Amount

Ratio

Amount

Ratio

Amount

Ratio

(Dollars in thousands)

As of December 31, 2022 

Total capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Company

158,158

12.41

133,862

10.50

N/A

N/A

Bank

158,158

12.42

133,756

10.50

127,387

10.00

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Company

143,424

11.25

108,365

8.50

N/A

N/A

Bank

143,424

11.26

108,279

8.50

101,909

8.00

CET 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Company

143,424

11.25

89,241

7.00

N/A

N/A

Bank

143,424

11.26

89,171

7.00

82,801

6.50

Tier 1 capital (to average assets)

Company

143,424

9.19

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

Bank

143,424

9.18

N/A

N/A

78,111

5.00

Actual

With Capital

 Conservation Buffer

Minimum to be Well-

 Capitalized Under Prompt

 Corrective Action

Amount

Ratio

Amount

Ratio

Amount

Ratio

(Dollars in thousands)

As of December 31, 2021 

Total capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Company

127,946

12.54

107,126

10.50

N/A

N/A

Bank

127,844

12.54

107,020

10.50

101,924

10.00

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Company

117,631

11.53

86,721

8.50

N/A

N/A

Bank

117,528

11.53

86,635

8.50

81,539

8.00

CET 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Company

117,631

11.53

71,417

7.00

N/A

N/A

Bank

117,528

11.53

71,347

7.00

66,250

6.50

Tier 1 capital (to average assets)

Company

117,631

10.56

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

Bank

117,528

10.55

N/A

N/A

55,714

5.00

Actual

With Capital

 Conservation Buffer

Minimum to be Well-

 Capitalized Under Prompt

 Corrective Action

Amount

Ratio

Amount

Ratio

Amount

Ratio

(Dollars in thousands)

As of December 31, 2020: 

Total capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Bank7 Corp.

115,375

14.73

82,216

10.50

N/A

N/A

Bank

115,335

14.75

82,114

10.50

78,204

10.00

Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Bank7 Corp.

105,736

13.50

66,556

8.50

N/A

N/A

Bank

105,696

13.51

66,473

8.50

62,563

8.00

CET 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets)

Bank7 Corp.

105,736

13.50

54,811

7.00

N/A

N/A

Bank

105,696

13.51

54,743

7.00

50,832

6.50

Tier 1 capital (to average assets)

Bank7 Corp.

105,736

10.78

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

Bank

105,696

10.78

N/A

N/A

49,041

5.00

43 

Table of Contents 

Shareholders equity provides a source of permanent funding, allows for future growth and provides a cushion to withstand unforeseen adverse developments. Total shareholders equity increased
 to 144.1 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 127.4 million as of December 31, 2021 and 107.3 million as of December 31, 2020. The increases were driven by retained capital from net income during the periods.

Contractual Obligations

The following tables contain supplemental information regarding our total contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022:

Payments Due as of December 31, 2022

Within One Year

One to Three Years

Three to Five Years

After Five Years

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Deposits without a stated maturity

1,245,798

-

-

-

1,245,798

Time deposits

157,233

26,002

267

-

183,502

Operating lease commitments

532 

815 

453 

530 

2,330 

Total contractual obligations

1,403,563

26,817

720

530

1,431,630

We believe that we will be able to meet our contractual obligations as they come due through the maintenance of adequate cash levels. We expect to maintain adequate cash levels through
 profitability, loan repayment and maturity activity and continued deposit gathering activities. We have in place various borrowing mechanisms for both short-term and long-term liquidity needs.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We are a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers. These financial instruments include
 commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheet. The contractual or notional
 amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement we have in particular classes of financial instruments. To control this credit risk, the Company uses the same underwriting standards as it uses for loans recorded on the balance
 sheet.

Loan commitments are agreements to lend to a customer, as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments
 issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of the customer to a third party. They are intended to be disbursed, subject to certain conditions, upon request of the borrower.

The following table summarizes commitments as of the dates presented.

As of December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(Dollars in thousands)

Commitments to extend credit

198,027

200,393

206,520

Standby letters of credit

1,043

5,809

2,366

Total

199,070

206,202

208,886

44 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our accounting and reporting policies conform to GAAP and conform to general practices within the industry in which we operate. To prepare financial statements in conformity with GAAP,
 management makes estimates, assumptions and judgments based on available information. These estimates, assumptions and judgments affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates, assumptions and
 judgments are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements and, as this information changes, actual results could differ from the estimates, assumptions and judgments reflected in the financial statement. In
 particular, management has identified several accounting policies that, due to the estimates, assumptions and judgments inherent in those policies, are critical in understanding our financial statements.

The JOBS Act permits us an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards affecting public companies. We have elected to take advantage of this extended
 transition period, which means that the financial statements included in this report, as well as any financial statements that we file in the future, will not be subject to all new or revised accounting standards generally applicable to public
 companies for the transition period for so long as we remain an emerging growth company or until we affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period under the JOBS Act.

The following is a discussion of the critical accounting policies and significant estimates that we believe require us to make the most complex or subjective decisions or assessments.
 Additional information about these policies can be found in Note 1 of the Company s consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report on the Form 10-K.

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses

The allowance is based on management s estimate of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. In the opinion of management, the allowance is adequate to absorb estimated losses in the
 portfolio as of each balance sheet date. While management uses available information to analyze losses on loans, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions and changes in the composition of the loan
 portfolio. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Bank s allowance. In analyzing the adequacy of the allowance, a comprehensive loan grading system to determine risk
 potential in loans is utilized together with the results of internal credit reviews.

To determine the adequacy of the allowance, the loan portfolio is broken into segments based on loan type. Historical loss experience factors by segment, adjusted for changes in trends and
 conditions, are used to determine an indicated allowance for each portfolio segment. These factors are evaluated and updated based on the composition of the specific loan segment. Other considerations include volumes and trends of delinquencies,
 nonaccrual loans, levels of bankruptcies, criticized and classified loan trends, expected losses on real estate secured loans, new credit products and policies, economic conditions, concentrations of credit risk and the experience and abilities
 of our lending personnel. In addition to the segment evaluations, impaired loans with a balance of 250,000 or more are individually evaluated based on facts and circumstances of the loan to determine if a specific allowance amount may be
 necessary. Specific allowances may also be established for loans whose outstanding balances are below the 250,000 threshold when it is determined that the risk associated with the loan differs significantly from the risk factor amounts
 established for its loan segment.

Goodwill and Intangibles

Intangible assets totaled 1.3 million and goodwill, net of accumulated amortization totaled 8.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to intangible assets of 1.6 million and
 goodwill, net of accumulated amortization of 8.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Goodwill resulting from a business combination represents the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed as
 of the acquisition date. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment or more frequently if other impairment indicators are present. If the implied fair value of goodwill is lower than its carrying amount, a goodwill impairment is indicated and
 goodwill is written down to its implied fair value. Subsequent increases in goodwill value are not recognized in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Other intangible assets consist of core deposit intangible assets and are amortized on a straight-line basis based on an estimated useful life of 10 years. Such assets are periodically
 evaluated as to the recoverability of their carrying values.

45 

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes

The Company files a consolidated income tax return. Deferred taxes are recognized under the balance sheet method based upon the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the
 carrying amounts and tax basis of assets and liabilities, using the tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the periods when the related temporary differences are expected to be realized.

The amount of accrued current and deferred income taxes is based on estimates of taxes due or receivable from taxing authorities either currently or in the future. Changes in these accruals are
 reported as tax expense, and involve estimates of the various components included in determining taxable income, tax credits, other taxes and temporary differences. Changes periodically occur in the estimates due to changes in tax rates, tax laws
 and regulations and implementation of new tax planning strategies. The process of determining the accruals for income taxes necessarily involves the exercise of considerable judgment and consideration of numerous subjective factors.

Management performs an analysis of the Company s tax positions annually and believes it is more likely than not that all of its tax positions will be utilized in future years.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell a financial asset or paid to transfer a financial liability in an orderly transaction
 between market participants at the measurement date. The degree of management judgment involved in determining the fair value of assets and liabilities is dependent upon the availability of quoted market prices or observable market parameters.
 For financial instruments that trade actively and have quoted market prices or observable market parameters, there is minimal subjectivity involved in measuring fair value. When observable market prices and parameters are not available,
 management judgment is necessary to estimate fair value. In addition, changes in market conditions may reduce the availability of quoted prices or the observable date.

Debt securities that are being held for indefinite periods of time and are not intended to sell, are classified as available for sale and are stated at estimated fair value. Unrealized gains or
 losses on debt securities available for sale are reported as a component of stockholders equity and comprehensive income, net of income tax.

The Company reviews its portfolio of debt securities in an unrealized loss position at least quarterly. The Company first assesses whether it intends to sell, or it is more-likely-than-not
 that it will be required to sell, the securities before recovery of the amortized cost basis. If either of these criteria is met, the securities amortized cost basis is written down to fair value as a current period expense. If either of the
 above criteria is not met, the Company evaluates whether the decline in fair value is the result of credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, the Company considers, among other things, the period of time the security has been in
 an unrealized loss position, and performance of any underlying collateral and adverse conditions specifically related to the security.

The estimates of fair values of debt securities and other financial instruments are based on a variety of factors. In some cases, fair values represent quoted market prices for identical or
 comparable instruments. In other cases, fair values have been estimated based on assumptions concerning the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows and assumed discount rates reflecting varying degrees of risk. Accordingly, the fair
 values may not represent actual values of the financial instruments that could have been realized as of year-end or that will be realized in the future.

46 

Table of Contents 

Item 7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Interest Rate Sensitivity and Market Risk

As a financial institution, our primary component of market risk is interest rate volatility. Our financial management policy provides management with the guidelines for effective funds
 management, and we have established a measurement system for monitoring our net interest rate sensitivity position. We have historically managed our sensitivity position within our established guidelines.

Fluctuations in interest rates will ultimately impact both the level of income and expense recorded on most of our assets and liabilities, and the market value of all interest-earning assets
 and interest-bearing liabilities, other than those which have a short term to maturity. Interest rate risk is the potential of economic losses due to future interest rate changes. These economic losses can be reflected as a loss of future net
 interest income and/or a loss of current fair market values. The objective is to measure the effect on net interest income and to adjust the balance sheet to minimize the inherent risk while at the same time maximizing income.

We manage our exposure to interest rates by structuring our balance sheet in the ordinary course of business. We do not enter into instruments such as leveraged derivatives, financial options
 or financial future contracts to mitigate interest rate risk from specific transactions. Based upon the nature of our operations, we are not subject to foreign exchange or commodity price risk. We do not own any trading assets.

Our exposure to interest rate risk is managed by the Asset/Liability Committee, or the ALCO Committee, in accordance with policies approved by the Company s board of directors. The ALCO
 Committee formulates strategies based on appropriate levels of interest rate risk. In determining the appropriate level of interest rate risk, the ALCO Committee considers the impact on earnings and capital on the current outlook on interest
 rates, potential changes in interest rates, regional economies, liquidity, business strategies and other factors. The ALCO Committee meets regularly to review, among other things, the sensitivity of assets and liabilities to interest rate
 changes, the book and market values of assets and liabilities, commitments to originate loans and the maturities of investments and borrowings. Additionally, the ALCO Committee reviews liquidity, cash flow flexibility, maturities of deposits and
 consumer and commercial deposit activity. Management employs methodologies to manage interest rate risk, which include an analysis of relationships between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and an interest rate shock
 simulation model.

We use interest rate risk simulation models and shock analyses to test the interest rate sensitivity of net interest income and fair value of equity, and the impact of changes in interest rates
 on other financial metrics. Contractual maturities and re-pricing opportunities of loans are incorporated in the model. The average lives of non-maturity deposit accounts are based on decay assumptions and are incorporated into the model. We
 utilize third-party experts to periodically evaluate the performance of our non-maturity deposit accounts to develop the decay assumptions. All of the assumptions used in our analyses are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the model cannot
 precisely measure future net interest income or precisely predict the impact of fluctuations in market interest rates on net interest income. Actual results will differ from the model s simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of
 interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and the application and timing of various management strategies.

47 

Table of Contents 

On a quarterly basis, we run various simulation models including a static balance sheet and dynamic growth balance sheet. These models test the impact on net interest income and fair value of
 equity from changes in market interest rates under various scenarios. Under the static model and dynamic growth models, rates are shocked instantaneously and ramped rates change over a 12-month and 24-month horizon based upon parallel and
 non-parallel yield curve shifts. Parallel shock scenarios assume instantaneous parallel movements in the yield curve compared to a flat yield curve scenario. Non-parallel simulation involves analysis of interest income and expense under various
 changes in the shape of the yield curve. Our internal policy regarding internal rate risk simulations currently specifies that for gradual parallel shifts of the yield curve, estimated net interest income at risk for the subsequent one-year
 period should not decline by more than 10 for a -100 basis point shift, 5 for a 100 basis point shift, 10 for a 200 basis point shift, 15 for a 300 basis point shift, and 20 for a 400 basis point shift.

The following table summarizes the simulated change in net interest income and fair value of equity over a 12-month horizon as of the dates indicated:

As of December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Change in Interest Rates

 (Basis Points)

Percent Change

 in Net Interest

 Income

Percent

 Change in Fair

 Value of Equity

Percent Change

 in Net Interest

 Income

Percent

 Change in Fair

 Value of Equity

Percent Change

 in Net Interest

 Income

Percent

 Change in Fair

 Value of Equity

+400

13.41

20.90

32.34

23.35

39.57

19.41

+300

9.96

20.13

23.63

21.37

29.73

17.53

+200

6.50

19.17

14.88

19.21

19.87

15.51

+100

2.99

18.04

6.07

16.86

9.90

13.36

Base

-0.77

16.91

-2.80

14.33

-0.14

11.06

-100

-4.82

15.25

-5.38

11.30

-3.11

10.35

The results are primarily due to behavior of demand, money market and savings deposits during such rate fluctuations. We have found that, historically, interest rates on these deposits change
 more slowly than changes in the discount and fed funds rates. This assumption is incorporated into the simulation model and is generally not fully reflected in a gap analysis. The assumptions incorporated into the model are inherently uncertain
 and, as a result, the model cannot precisely measure future net interest income or precisely predict the impact of fluctuations in market interest rates on net interest income. Actual results will differ from the model s simulated results due to
 timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and the application and timing of various strategies.

Impact of Inflation

Our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. These require the measurement of financial position and
 operating results in terms of historical dollars, without considering changes in the relative value of money over time due to inflation or recession.

Unlike many industrial companies, substantially all of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on our performance than the
 effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates may not necessarily move in the same direction or in the same magnitude as the prices of goods and services. However, other operating expenses do reflect general levels of inflation.

48 

Table of Contents 

Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Consolidated Financial Statements Index

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 686 

50 

Consolidated Financial Statements:

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

51 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
 2022 

52 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 

53 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 

54 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

55 

49 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee

Bank7 Corp.

Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bank7 Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
 consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
 the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based
 on our audits.

We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect
 to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
 whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our
 audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we
 express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
 procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
 significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

FORVIS, LLP

(Formerly, BKD,LLP)

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011

March 24, 2023

50 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(Dollar amounts in thousands, except par value)

December 31, 

Assets 

2022 

2021 

Cash and due from banks

Federal funds sold

Cash and cash equivalents

Interest-bearing time deposits in other banks

Available-for-sale debt securities 

Loans, net of allowance for loan losses of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively

Loans held for sale 

Premises and equipment, net

Nonmarketable equity securities

Core deposit intangibles

Goodwill

Interest receivable and other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity

Deposits

Noninterest-bearing

Interest-bearing

Total deposits

Income taxes payable 

Interest payable and other liabilities

Total liabilities

Shareholders equity

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding: and at December 31, 2022 and December
 31, 2021 respectively

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

Total shareholders equity

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

51 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

(Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)

Year ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest Income

Loans, including fees

Interest-bearing time deposits in other banks

Debt securities, taxable

Debt securities, tax-exempt

Other interest and dividend income

Total interest income

Interest Expense

Deposits

Total interest expense

Net Interest Income

Provision for Loan Losses

Net Interest Income After Provision for Loan Losses

Noninterest Income

Mortgage lending income

Loss on sales, prepayments, and calls of available-for-sale debt securities

Service charges on deposit accounts

Other

Total noninterest income

Noninterest Expense

Salaries and employee benefits

Furniture and equipment

Occupancy

Data and item processing

Accounting, marketing and legal fees

Regulatory assessments

Advertising and public relations

Travel, lodging and entertainment

Other

Total noninterest expense

Income Before Taxes

Income tax expense

Net Income

Earnings per common share - basic

Earnings per common share - diluted

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic

Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted

Other Comprehensive Income 

Unrealized gains(losses) on securities, net of tax benefit of 
 million, , and 
 for the years ended December 30, 2022 , 2021 , and 2020 , respectively

Reclassification adjustment for realized loss included in net income net of tax of ,
 , and 
 the years ended 2022 , 2021 ,
 and 2020 , respectively

Other comprehensive (loss) income 

Comprehensive Income 

See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

52 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity

(Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data)

Year Ended 
 December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Common Stock (Shares)

Balance at beginning of period

Exercise of employee stock options

Shares issued for restricted stock units

Shares acquired and canceled

Balance at end of period

Common Stock (Amount)

Balance at beginning of period

Shares issued for restricted stock units

Balance at end of period

Additional Paid-in Capital

Balance at beginning of period

Shares purchased and retired

Stock-based compensation expense

Balance at end of period

Retained Earnings

Balance at beginning of period

Net income

Common stock acquired and canceled

Cash dividends declared , , per share)
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively

Balance at end of period

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income(Loss)

Balance at beginning of period

Comprehensive income(loss) 

Balance at end of period

Total Shareholders equity

See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

53 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(Dollar amounts in thousands)

Year Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Activities

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities

Depreciation and amortization

Provision for loan losses

Amortization of premiums and discounts on securities

Gain on sales of loans

Net loss on sale of available for sale debt securities

Stock-based compensation expense

Gain on sale of premises and equipment

Cash receipts from the sale of loans originated for sale

Cash disbursements for loans originated for sale

Deferred income tax (benefit)

Changes in

Interest receivable and other assets

Interest payable and other liabilities

Net cash provided by operating activities

Investing Activities

Net cash received for acquisition, net of cash paid

Maturities of interest-bearing time deposits in other banks

Purchases of interest-bearing time deposits in other banks

Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale debt securities

Maturities, prepayments and calls of available-for-sale debt securities

Purchases of available-for-sale debt securities

Net change in loans

Purchases of premises and equipment

Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment

Change in nonmarketable equity securities

Net cash used in investing activities

Financing Activities

Net change in deposits

Cash distributions

Net cash settlement of equity compensation

Common stock issued for restricted stock units

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash and Due from Banks

Cash and Due from Banks, Beginning of Period

Cash and Due from Banks, End of Period

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flows Information

Interest paid

Income taxes paid

Dividends declared and not paid

Measurement period goodwill adjustment

Supplemental Disclosure of Investing Activities

Cash consideration for acquisition

Fair value of assets acquired in acquisition

Fair value of liabilities assumed in acquisition

See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

54 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

,000 restricted cash related to the acquisition of Watonga Bancshares, Inc.

million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively, and have
 original maturities generally ranging from one to .

securities designated as trading or held-to-maturity. Interest
 income is recognized at the coupon rate adjusted for amortization and accretion of premiums and discounts. Discounts are accreted into interest income over the estimated life of the related security and premiums are amortized against income to
 the earlier of the call date or weighted average life of the related security using the interest method. Gains and losses on the sale of securities are recorded on the trade date and are determined using the specific identification method. They
 are included in noninterest income or expense and, when applicable, are reported as a reclassification adjustment in other comprehensive income.

55 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

56 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

57 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

asset impairment was
 recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.

million and goodwill, net of accumulated amortization totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to
 intangible assets of million and goodwill, net of accumulated amortization of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in intangible assets is due to amortization of core deposit intangibles and the increase in goodwill
 recognized is due to the resolution of contractual obligations, assessment of fair value of premises and equipment, and tax provision adjustments that relate to the acquisition of Watonga Bancshares, Inc. on December 9, 2021.

years. Such assets are periodically evaluated as to the recoverability of their carrying values.

reportable operating segment.

58 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

interest and penalties.

days of the service period.

59 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

and 
 million, respectively. The Company elected to apply certain practical adoption expedients provided under the updates whereby it did not reassess initial direct costs for any existing leases.

PPP loans with balances totaling 
 million, and PPP loans with balances totaling million as of December 31, 2021. The Company recognized ,000 in fee income during the
 year ended December 31, 2022, with remaining to be recognized, as compared to million recognized and to be recognized as of
 December 31, 2021.

60 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

million shares of stock pursuant to an S-3 registered secondary offering. The Company incurred ,000 in non-recurring expenses associated with the offering, which are included in noninterest expenses. The effect of this purchase and related expenses was included in the consolidated
 financial statement of the Company as of December 31, 2021.

of the outstanding equity of Watonga Bancshares, Inc. Watonga ), the bank holding company for Cornerstone Bank, for million in cash. Immediately following the acquisition, Watonga was dissolved and Cornerstone Bank merged with and into Bank7.

Available-for-sale debt securities

Federal funds sold

Loans

Premises and equipment

Core deposit intangible

Prepaid expenses and other assets

Total assets acquiried

Liabilities Assumed

Deposits

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Total liabilities assumed

Net assets acquired

Consideration transferred

Goodwill

,000

for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, respectively, related to the resolution of contractual obligations, assessment of the fair value of premises and equipment, and tax provision adjustments.

carryover of Watonga s allowance for loan losses associated with the loans that were acquired, as the loans were initially recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. of the acquired loans were deemed purchased-credit impaired as of the acquisition date. 

years. The fair value of retail
 demand and interest-bearing deposit accounts was assumed to approximate the carrying value as these accounts have no stated maturity and are payable on demand. The fair value of time deposits was estimated by discounting the contractual future
 cash flows using market rates offered for time deposits of similar remaining maturities. 

million of net loans million gross loans less million discount) purchased
 in conjunction with the acquisition of Watonga Bancshares, Inc. in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 310-20, Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs. As of December 31, 2022, the net loan balance of the ASC Topic 310-20 purchased loans
 is million 
 million gross loans less discount). The fair value discount is being accreted into interest income over the weighted average
 life of the loans using a constant yield method.

Non-interest income

Net income

Pro-forma earnings per share:

Basic

Diluted

61 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

reserve requirement as of December 31, 2022.

Denominator

Weighted-average shares outstanding for basic earnings per share

Dilutive effect of stock compensation (1) 

Denominator for diluted earnings per share

Earnings per common share

Basic

Diluted

, , and as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020,
 respectively; Restricted stock units outstanding of , , and as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020,
 respectively. 

62 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Mortgage-backed securities (1) (2) 

State and political subdivisions

U.S. Treasuries

Corporate debt securities

Total available-for-sale

Total debt securities

Mortgage-backed securities (1) 

State and political subdivisions

U.S. Treasuries

Corporate debt securities

Total available-for-sale

Total debt securities

63 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Due after one year through five years

Due after five years through ten years

Due after ten years

Mortgage-backed securities

Total available-for-sale

Due after one year through five years

Due after five years through ten years

Due after ten years

Mortgage-backed securities

Total available-for-sale

holdings of securities of any issuer in
 an amount greater than 10 of stockholders equity at December 31, 2022.

Gross realized gains on sales, prepayments and calls

Gross realized losses on sales, prepayments and calls

Total realized (losses), net

64 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

impairment loss was realized in the Company s consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Mortgage-backed securities

State and political subdivisions (1) 

U.S. Treasuries

Corporate debt securities

Total available-for-sale

Mortgage-backed securities

State and political subdivisions (1) 

U.S. Treasuries

Corporate debt securities

Total available-for-sale

million are rate BBB+ or better and million are not rated. 

65 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1 - 4 family real estate

Commercial real estate - other

Total commercial real estate

Commercial industrial

Agricultural

Consumer

Gross loans

Less allowance for loan losses

Less deferred loan fees

Net loans

million and million of loans that were originated under the SBA PPP program, respectively.

66 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Charge-offs

Recoveries

Net (charge-offs) recoveries 

Provision (credit) for loan losses

Balance, end of period

Charge-offs

Recoveries

Net (charge-offs) recoveries

Provision (credit) for loan losses

Balance, end of period

Charge-offs

Recoveries

Net (charge-offs) recoveries

Provision (credit) for loan losses

Balance, end of period

67 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Collectively evaluated for impairment

Total

Collectively evaluated for impairment

Total

Collectively evaluated for impairment

Total

Collectively evaluated for impairment

Total

68 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

69 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

70 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

2 (Watch)

3 (Special Mention)

4 (Substandard)

Total

2 (Watch)

3 (Special Mention)

4 (Substandard)

Total

71 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1 - 4 family real estate

Commercial real estate - other

Commercial industrial (1) 

Agricultural

Consumer

Total

million that is greater than 90 days past due consists of a single loan that is well collateralized and for which collection is being diligently pursued. 

1 - 4 family real estate

Commercial real estate - other

Commercial industrial

Agricultural

Consumer

Total

1 - 4 family real estate

Commercial real estate - other

Commercial industrial

Agricultural

Consumer

Total

1 - 4 family real estate

Commercial real estate - other

Commercial industrial

Agricultural

Consumer

Total

72 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

million of commercial real estate loans, compared to million of
 commercial real estate loans that were classified as troubled-debt restructurings and impaired as of December 31, 2021. There were 
 newly modified troubled-debt restructurings during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

troubled-debt restructurings modified in the past twelve months that subsequently defaulted for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Troubled-debt restructurings (1)

Accruing loans 90 or more days past due

Total nonperforming loans

Troubled-debt restructurings (1)

Accruing loans 90 or more days past due

Total nonperforming loans

million of TDRs as of December 31, 2022 and 
 million as of December 31, 2021, are included in the nonaccrual loans balance. 

73 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Furniture and equipment

Automobiles

Less accumulated depreciation

Net premises and equipment

Core deposit intangibles

Total

Core deposit intangibles

Total

,000

in adjustments to Goodwill as of the year-ended December 31, 2022.

,000, ,000
 and ,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Estimated amortization expense for each of the
 remaining life is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2024

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter

Total

74 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

2024

2025

2026

Thereafter

Total

million, million, and million , respectively, of
 these million, 
 million, and million , respectively, were reciprocal deposits . 

Deferred

Total federal tax provision

State:

Current

Deferred

Total state tax provision

Total income tax provision

75 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

due to the following:

Increase (decrease) resulting from:

State Taxes

Permanent Differences

Return to provision and deferred true ups 

FIN 48 Activity 

Other

Provision for income taxes

Non-accrual Loans

Deferred Compensation

Deferred Revenue 

Discounts and premiums on assets acquired 

Net unrealized loss on securities available for sale 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities

Total deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Property and equipment

Intangible assets

Prepaid Expenses

Right of Use Asset 

Net unrealized gains on securities available for sale 

Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax assets

76 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Additions for positions taken in prior years

Reductions for positions taken in prior years

Balance at end of year

interest or
 penalties related to uncertain tax positions reflected in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.

77 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

and , respectively. Loans with a collateral value of
 approximately million and 
 million were used to secure the letters of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

million at December 31, 2022, with the FHLB, under which the Bank is required to maintain collateral for any advances, including its stock in the FHLB, as well as
 qualifying first mortgage and other loans. The Bank had advances from the FHLB at December 31, 2022 or 2021.

shares of the Company s common stock. On March 13, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved a share expansion, and on November 2, 2020, approved a share expansion to the RP, for a total of shares authorized under the RP. All
 shares repurchased under the RP have been retired and not held as treasury stock. The RP expired on September 5, 2021. On October 28, 2021, the Company adopted a new Repurchase Plan (the New RP that authorizes the repurchase of up to shares of the Company s stock. Stock repurchases under the New RP will take place pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 Plan with pricing and purchasing
 parameters established by management. There were repurchases as of December 31, 2022.

Average price of shares repurchased

Shares remaining to be repurchased

78 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

79 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

N/A

N/A

Bank

Tier I capital to risk-weighted assets

Company

N/A

N/A

Bank

CET I capital to risk-weighted assets

Company

N/A

N/A

Bank

Tier I capital to average assets

Company

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

Bank

N/A

N/A

As of December 31, 2021 

Total capital to risk-weighted assets

Company

N/A

N/A

Bank

Tier I capital to risk-weighted assets

Company

N/A

N/A

Bank

CET I capital to risk-weighted assets

Company

N/A

N/A

Bank

Tier I capital to average assets

Company

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

Bank

N/A

N/A

80 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

million of retained earnings was available for dividend declaration from the Bank without prior regulatory
 approval.

and , respectively. 

, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
 respectively. In addition, payroll and office sharing arrangements were in place between the Company and certain of its affiliates.

81 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

of the employee s salary. Employer contributions charged to expense for the years ended December 31,
 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled , 
 and , respectively.

shares to the plan. The Bank7 Corp. 2018 Equity
 Incentive Plan will terminate in September 2028, if not extended. Compensation expense, net of settlement of shares for payroll withholding related to the Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled , and , respectively. There were 
 shares available for future grants as of December 31, 2022.

and stock
 options which vest ratably over . All RSUs and stock options are granted at the fair value of the common stock at the
 time of the award. The RSUs are considered fixed awards as the number of shares and fair value are known at the date of grant and the fair value at the grant date is amortized over the vesting and/or service period.

82 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Options Granted

Options Exercised

Options Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Options Granted

Options Exercised

Options Forfeited

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Dividend yield

Stock price volatility

Expected term

83 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Shares granted

Shares vested 

Shares forfeited

End of the period balance

Shares granted

Shares vested 

Shares forfeited

End of the period balance

million of unrecognized compensation expense related to ,000 unvested RSUs and of unrecognized compensation expense related to 
 unvested and/or unexercised stock options. The stock option expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 
 years, and the RSU expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years.

84 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2021

Impaired loans (collateral- dependent)

85 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Appraisals from comparable properties 

Estimated cost to sell

December 31, 2021

Collateral-dependent impaired loans

Appraisals from comparable properties 

Estimated cost to sell

86 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Interest-bearing time deposits in other banks

Loans, net of allowance

Loans held for sale

Nonmarketable equity securities

Interest receivable

Financial Liabilities

Deposits

Interest payable

December 31, 2021

Financial Assets

Cash and due from banks

Federal funds sold 

Interest-bearing time deposits in other banks

Loans, net of allowance

Loans held for sale

Nonmarketable equity securities

Interest receivable

Financial Liabilities

Deposits

Interest payable

87 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

88 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Financial and performance standby letters of credit

of gross total loans with outstanding balances of million and unfunded commitments of million; energy loans were 
 of gross total loans with outstanding balances of million and unfunded commitments of million.

million was recorded on the consolidated balance sheet.

89 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

2021

2020

million, and a related lease liability included in accrued interest payable and other liabilities on the balance sheet totaled million. As of December 31, 2022, our operating leases have a weighted-average remaining lease term of years and a weighted-average discount rate of 
 percent.

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter

Total lease payments

Less imputed interest

Operating lease liability

90 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Investment in bank subsidiary

Dividends receivable

Goodwill

Total assets

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity

Dividends Payable 

Other liabilities

Total liabilities

Total shareholders equity

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

Total Income

Expense

Other

Total expense

Income and equity in undistributed net income of bank subsidiary

Equity in undistributed net income of bank subsidiary

Income before Taxes

Net Income Available to Common Shareholders

Other Comprehensive Income 

Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiary 

Other comprehensive gain(loss) 

Comprehensive Income 

91 

Table of Contents 

Bank7 Corp.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Items not requiring (providing) cash

Equity in undistributed net income

Changes in

Other current assets and liabilities

Net cash provided by operating activities

Financing Activities

Common stock issued, net of offering costs 

Dividends paid

Net cash used in financing activities

Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Due from Banks

Cash and Due from Banks, Beginning of Period

Cash and Due from Banks, End of Period

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flows Information

Dividends declared and not paid

92 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure

a) 

Controls and Procedures

Management of the Company, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness as of December 31, 2022 of the Company s
 disclosure controls and procedures, as defined Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well
 designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management was required to apply judgment in evaluating its controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the fiscal quarter covered by this Form 10-K.

93 

Table of Contents 

b) 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting and for assessing the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as such term
 is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013
 edition), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on that assessment and criteria, management has determined that the Company has maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
 as of December 31, 2022.

Bank7 Corp.

Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

March 24, 2023

/s/

Thomas L. Travis

Thomas L. Travis

President and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/

Kelly J. Harris

Kelly J. Harris

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

c) 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Not applicable because the Company is an emerging growth company.

d) 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There were no significant changes made in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information 

None.

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not Applicable.

94 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120
 days of our fiscal year-end.

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120
 days of our fiscal year-end.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120
 days of our fiscal year-end.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120
 days of our fiscal year-end.

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120
 days of our fiscal year-end.

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

Financial Statements

See index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 49.

Financial Statement Schedules

Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or not required or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto
 under Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

95 

Table of Contents 

Exhibits 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Bank7 Corp.(1)

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Bank7 Corp.(2)

4.1 

Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Bank7 Corp.(3)

4.2 

Description of Common Stock Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934(4)

4.3 

Form of Indenture for Senior Debt Securities(5)

4.4 

Form of Indenture for Subordinated Debt Securities(6)

10.1 

Form of Tax Sharing Agreement(7)

10.2 

Bank7 Corp. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan(8)

10.3 

First Amendment to Bank7 Corp. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan(9)

10.4 

Form of Stock Option award Agreement under the Bank7 Corp. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan(10)

10.5 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Bank7 Corp. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan(11)

10.6 

Form of Indemnification Agreement(12)

10.7 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement(13)

10.8 

Stock Award Agreement Between the Company and Thomas L. Travis issued under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (14)

10.9 

Stock Award Agreement Between the Company and Jason E. Estes issued under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan

10.10 

Share Acquisition Agreement dated as of October 6, 2021 by and among Bank7 Corp., Watonga Bancshares, Inc., Cornerstone Bank, and Randy
 Barrett solely in his capacity as representative (15)

10.11 

Employment Agreement dated March 30, 2022 between the Company and Thomas L. Travis (16)

10.12 

Employment Agreement dated March 30, 2022 between the Company and Jason E. Estes

21 

Subsidiaries of Bank7 Corp.

23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

101

Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, (ii)
 the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Retained Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for
 the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, and (v) the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

96 

Table of Contents 

(1) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24,
 2021.

(2) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 August 24, 2018 (File No. 333-227010).

(3) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on September 10, 2018 (File No. 333-227010).

(4) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2020.

(5) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 November 16, 2020.

(6) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 November 16, 2020.

(7) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 August 24, 2018 (File No. 333-227010).

(8) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on September 10, 2018 (File No. 333-227010).

(9) 

Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 March 31, 2020.

(10) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on September 10, 2018 (File No. 333-227010).

(11) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on September 10, 2018 (File No. 333-227010).

(12) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on September 10, 2018 (File No. 333-227010).

(13) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 August 24, 2018 (File No. 333-227010).

(14) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 September 5, 2019.

(15) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
 7, 2021.

(16) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April
 5, 2022.

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None 

97 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized.

Bank7 Corp.

Date: March 24, 2023

By:

/s/ Thomas L. Travis

Thomas L. Travis

President and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

By:

/s/ Kelly J. Harris

Kelly J. Harris

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
 and on the dates indicated.

Signatures

Title

Date

/s/ William B. Haines

Director; Chairman

March 24, 2023

William B. Haines

/s/ Thomas L. Travis

Director; President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

March 24, 2023

Thomas L. Travis

/s/ William M. Buergler

Director

March 24, 2023

William M. Buergler 

/s/ John T. Phillips

Director

March 24, 2023

John T. Phillips 

/s/ Gary D. Whitcomb

Director

March 24, 2023

Gary D. Whitcomb 

/s/ J. Michael Sanner

Director

March 24, 2023

J. Michael Sanner 

/s/ Teresa L. Dick

Director

March 24, 2023

Teresa L. Dick

/s/ Edward P. Gray

Director

March 24, 2023

Edward P. Gray 

98 

<EX-10.9>
 2
 brhc10050068_ex10-9.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.9

Exhibit 10.9 

BANK7 CORP.

 2018 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

NOTICE OF STOCK AWARD

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Notice of Stock Award (this Notice ), the Stock Award Agreement attached hereto (the Award Agreement ), and the Bank7 Corp. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), the below individual (the Participant is hereby granted the below number of shares of the common stock, par value 0.01 (the Shares in Bank7 Corp., an Oklahoma corporation (the Company ). Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all terms used in this Notice have the meanings set forth in the Award Agreement or the Plan.

Identifying Information:

Participant Name:

Jason Estes

Date of Grant:

September 5, 2019

Number of Shares

50,938

Vesting Schedule:

The Shares are not subject to a vesting schedule. Participant shall have full ownership of the Shares on the date of grant.

Representations and Agreements of the Participant:

The Participant has reviewed this Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan in their entirety, has had an opportunity to have them reviewed by his or her legal and tax advisers, and hereby represents that he is
 relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents or affiliates. The Participant represents to the Company that he is familiar with the terms of this Notice, the Award Agreement and
 the Plan, and hereby accepts the Shares subject to all of their terms. The Participant hereby agrees that all questions of interpretation and administration relating to this Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan will be resolved solely by the
 Committee.

1 

BANK7 CORP.

2018 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Notice of Stock Award (the Notice ), This Stock Award Agreement (this Award Agreement ), and the Bank7 Corp. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), Bank7 Corp., an Oklahoma corporation (the Company hereby grants the individual set forth in the Notice (the Participant shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 (the Shares ). Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all terms used in this Award Agreement have the meanings set forth in the Notice or the Plan.

1. Grant of Shares . The principal features of the Shares, including the number of Shares subject to the Award, are set forth in the Notice.

2. Taxes . The Participant hereby acknowledges and understands that he or she may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of the Participant s receipt of or disposition of, the
 Shares.

(a) Representations . The Participant has reviewed with the Participant s tax advisors the tax consequences of this Award Agreement and the Shares granted hereunder, including any
 U.S. federal, state and local tax laws, and any other applicable taxing jurisdiction. The Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. The Participant hereby
 acknowledges and understands that the Participant (and not the Company) will be responsible for the Participant s tax liability that may arise as a result of the Participant receiving this Award Agreement and the Shares granted hereunder.

(b) Payment of Withholding Taxes . The Participant will make appropriate arrangements with the Company for the satisfaction of all U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. income and
 employment tax withholding requirements applicable to any Shares. The Committee has authorized a net withholding for purposes of the Participant satisfying his or her obligations under this Section 2(b) . The Participant hereby
 acknowledges the Company s obligations under this Award Agreement are fully contingent on the Participant first satisfying this Section 2(b) . Therefore, a failure of the Participant to reasonably satisfy this Section 2 in
 accordance with the Committee s sole and absolute discretion will result in the automatic termination and expiration of this Award Agreement and the Company s obligations hereunder. The Participant hereby agrees that a breach of this Section
 2(b) will be deemed to be a material breach of this Award Agreement.

3. Notice . Any notice required by the terms of this Award Agreement must be given in writing and will be deemed to be effective upon personal delivery or upon deposit with the
 United States Postal Service, by registered or certified mail, with postage and fees prepaid. Notice must be addressed to the Company at its principal executive office and to the Participant at the address that he or she most recently provided to
 the Company.

2 

4. Successors and Assigns . Except as provided herein to the contrary, this Award Agreement is binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties to this Award Agreement,
 their respective successors and permitted assigns.

5. No Assignment . Except as otherwise provided in this Award Agreement, the Participant may not assign any of his or her rights under the Notice or this Award Agreement without the
 prior written consent of the Company, which consent may be withheld in its sole discretion. The Company is permitted to assign its rights or obligations under the Notice or this Award Agreement.

6. Construction; Severability . The captions used in this Award Agreement are inserted for convenience and are not to be deemed to be a part of this Award Agreement for construction
 or interpretation. Except where otherwise indicated by the context, the singular form includes the plural form and the plural form includes the singular form. Use of the term or is not intended to be exclusive, unless the context clearly
 requires otherwise. The validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of this Award Agreement will not be affected even if one or more of the provisions of this Award Agreement are held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any
 respect.

7. Administration and Interpretation . Any determination by the Committee in connection with any question or issue arising under the Notice, the Plan or this Award Agreement will be
 final, conclusive and binding on the Participant, the Company and all other persons. Any question or dispute regarding the interpretation of this Award Agreement or the receipt of the Shares hereunder must be submitted by the Participant to the
 Committee. The resolution of such question or dispute by the Committee will be final and binding on all parties.

8. Counterparts . This Award Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, any of which may be executed and transmitted by facsimile, and each of which will be deemed to
 be an original, but all of which together will be deemed to be one and the same instrument.

9. Entire Agreement; Governing Law; and Amendments . The provisions of the Plan and the Notice are incorporated herein by reference. The Plan, the Notice and this Award Agreement
 constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not
 be modified adversely to the Participant s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and the Participant. This Award Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Oklahoma applicable to contracts executed in and to be
 performed in that State.

10. Venue . The Company, the Participant and the Participant s assignees agree that any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or related to the Notice, this Award Agreement
 or the Plan must be brought in the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma (or should such court lack jurisdiction to hear such action, suit or proceeding, in a state court in Oklahoma) and that all parties submit to the
 jurisdiction of such court. The parties irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection the party may have to the laying of venue for any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such court. If any one or more
 provisions of this Section 10 are for any reason be held invalid or unenforceable, it is the specific intent of the parties that such provisions be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it or its application valid and
 enforceable.

3 

11. Waiver . Failure to insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms, covenants, or conditions hereof will not be deemed to be a waiver of such term, covenant, or condition,
 nor will any waiver or relinquishment of, or failure to insist upon strict compliance with, any right or power hereunder at any one or more times be deemed to be a waiver or relinquishment of such right or power at any other time or times.

DATED, this 5th day of September 2019.

COMPANY

Bank7 Corp., an Oklahoma corporation

By:

/s/ Kelly J. Harris

Kelly J. Harris, Chief Financial Officer

PARTICIPANT

/s/ Jason Estes

Jason Estes

4 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.12>
 3
 brhc10050068_ex10-12.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.12

Exhibit 10.12

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement ), dated as of the 30th day of March, 2022 (the Effective Date ), is entered into by and between Bank 7 Corp. (the Company and Jason E.
 Estes Executive ).

IN CONSIDERATION of the premises and the mutual covenants set forth below, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Employment . The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive as Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer of the Company, and Executive hereby accepts employment, on the
 terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2. Term . The Company agrees to employ the Executive pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and the Executive agrees to be so employed, for a term of two (2) years (the Initial

 Term commencing as of the Effective Date. On each anniversary of the Effective Date following the Initial Term, the term of this Agreement shall be automatically extended for successive one-year periods, provided , however ,
 that either party hereto may elect not to extend this Agreement by giving written notice to the other party at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to any such anniversary date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive s employment
 hereunder may be earlier terminated in accordance with Section 6 and Section 8 . The period of time between the Effective Date and the termination of the Executive s employment hereunder shall be referred to as the Employment
 Period . 

3. Position and Duties . During the Employment Period, Executive will serve as Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer and will report directly to the Board of Directors
 of the Company (the Board ). Executive shall perform all services reasonably required to fully execute the duties and responsibilities associated with such position. Executive will devote substantially all of his working time, attention and
 energies (other than absences due to illness or vacation) to the performance of his duties for the Company. Notwithstanding the above, Executive will be permitted, to the extent such activities do not interfere with the performance by Executive of
 his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement or violate Sections 10(a) , (b) or (c) of this Agreement, to (i) manage Executive s personal, financial and legal affairs, and (ii) serve on civic or charitable boards or
 committees.

4. Place of Performance . Executive s place of employment will be the Company s principal executive offices in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma (the Principal Location ).

5. Compensation and Related Matters .

(a) Base Salary . During the Employment Period, the Company will pay Executive a base salary of not less than 350,000.00 per year Base Salary ), in approximate equal
 installments in accordance with the Company s customary payroll practices. Executive s Base Salary may be increased, but not decreased, pursuant to annual review by the Board. In the event Executive s Base Salary is increased, the increased amount
 will then constitute the Base Salary for all purposes of this Agreement.

(b) Annual Incentive Bonus . The Executive will be eligible to participate in a bonus program established by the Board at a level commensurate with his position.

(c) Welfare, Pension and Incentive Benefit Plans . During the Employment Period, Executive (and his spouse and/or dependents to the extent provided in the applicable plans and
 programs) will be entitled to participate in and be covered under all the welfare benefit plans or programs maintained by the Company for the benefit of its senior executive officers pursuant to the terms of such plans and programs including, without
 limitation, all medical, life, hospitalization, dental, disability and accidental death and dismemberment. In addition, during the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible to participate in all retirement, savings and other employee benefit
 plans and programs maintained from time to time by the Company for the benefit of its senior executive officers.

(d) Fringe Benefits . During the Employment Period, the Company will provide Executive with fringe benefits commensurate with Executive s position.

6. Termination . Executive s employment under this Agreement may be terminated during the Employment Period under the following circumstances:

(a) Death . Executive s employment under this Agreement will terminate upon his death.

(b) Disability . If, as a result of Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness, Executive is substantially unable to perform his duties under this Agreement
 (with or without reasonable accommodation, as defined under the Americans With Disabilities Act) for an entire period of six (6) consecutive months, the Company has the right to terminate Executive s employment under this Agreement for Disability, 
 and such termination will not be a breach of this Agreement by the Company.

(c) Cause . The Company has the right to terminate Executive s employment for Cause, and such termination will not be a breach of this Agreement by the Company. Cause means
 termination of employment for one of the following reasons: (i) Executive s conviction of or plea of no contest to a felony or other crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude; (ii) Executive s commission of a willful wrongful act intending
 to enrich himself at the expense of the Company, or that causes serious injury, monetary or otherwise, to the Company; (iii) Executive s willful or reckless neglect or misconduct in the performance of his duties which results in a material adverse
 effect on the Company; (iv) Executive s material willful or reckless violation or disregard of a Company policy; or (v) Executive s habitual or gross neglect of duties. Provided that Company may only rely on an act or failure to act under clauses
 (iv) or (v) if it provides Executive with written notice of such act or failure to act and Executive fails to cure such act or failure to act within thirty (30) days of such notice. The determination of whether it can reasonably be cured shall be
 determined by the Board.

(d) Good Reason . Executive may terminate Executive s employment with the Company for Good Reason, and such termination will not be a breach of this Agreement by Executive. For
 purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence without the written consent of Executive, of one of the events set forth below:

2 

(i) a material diminution in Executive s authority, duties or responsibilities;

(ii) the requirement that Executive be based at any office or location that is more than 50 miles from the Principal Location, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of
 Executive s responsibilities, or

(iii) Company s material breach of the Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive will not be deemed to have terminated for Good Reason unless (A) Executive provides written notice to the Company of the existence of one of the conditions described above
 within ninety (90) days after Executive has knowledge of the initial existence of the condition, (B) the Company fails to remedy the condition so identified within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice (if capable of correction), (C)
 Executive provides a Notice of Termination to the Company within thirty (30) days of the expiration of the Company s period to remedy the condition, and (D) Executive terminates employment within ninety (90) days after Executive provides written
 notice to the Company of the existence of the condition referred to in clause (A).

(e) Without Cause . The Company has the right to terminate Executive s employment under this Agreement without Cause by providing Executive with a Notice of Termination.

(f) Voluntary Termination . Executive may voluntarily terminate employment with the Company at any time.

7. Termination Procedure .

(a) Notice of Termination . Any termination of Executive s employment by the Company or by Executive during the Employment Period (other than termination pursuant to Section 6(a) will be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party in accordance with Section 16 . For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a written notice which indicates the specific termination provision in
 this Agreement relied upon and sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executive s employment.

(b) Date of Termination . Date of Termination shall mean (i) if Executive s employment is terminated by his death, the date of his death, (ii) if Executive s employment is
 terminated due to Disability pursuant to Section 6(b) , thirty (30) days after Notice of Termination (provided that Executive has not returned to the substantial performance of his duties on a full-time basis during such thirty (30) day
 period), (iii) if Executive s employment is terminated for Good Reason pursuant to Section 6(d) , the date provided in such Notice, or (iv) if Executive s employment is terminated for any other reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination
 is given or any later date (within thirty (30) days after the giving of such Notice of Termination) set forth in such Notice of Termination.

8. Compensation Upon Termination or During Disability . In the event of termination of Executive s employment under this Agreement during the Employment Period, the Company will
 provide Executive with the payments and benefits set forth below.

3 

(a) Termination by Company for Cause or by Executive Without Good Reason . If Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or by Executive (other than for Good
 Reason):

(i) the Company will pay Executive his Base Salary and his accrued vacation pay (to the extent required by law or the Company s vacation policy) through the Date of Termination, within 30
 days following the Date of Termination;

(ii) the Company will reimburse Executive, pursuant to the Company s policy, for reasonable business expenses incurred, but not paid, prior to the Date of Termination, unless such
 termination resulted from a misappropriation of Company funds; and

(iii) Executive will be entitled to any other rights, compensation and/or benefits as may be due to Executive following termination to which he is otherwise entitled in accordance with the
 terms and provisions of any plans or programs of the Company.

(b) Disability . During any period that Executive fails to perform his duties under this Agreement as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental illness Disability
 Period ), Executive will continue to receive his full Base Salary set forth in Section 5(a) until his employment is terminated pursuant to Section 6(b) . In the event Executive s employment is terminated for Disability pursuant
 to Section 6(b) :

(i) the Company will (A) pay to Executive his Base Salary and accrued vacation pay through the Date of Termination, within 30 days following the Date of Termination, and (B) provide Executive
 with disability benefits pursuant to the terms of the Company s disability programs and/or practices;

(ii) the Company will reimburse Executive, pursuant to the Company s policy, for reasonable business expenses incurred, but not paid, prior to the Date of Termination; and

(iii) Executive will be entitled to any other rights, compensation and/or benefits as may be due to Executive following such termination to which he is otherwise entitled in accordance with
 the terms and provisions of any plans or programs of the Company.

(c) Death . If Executive s employment is terminated by his death, the Company will pay within 30 days in a lump sum to Executive s beneficiary, legal representatives or estate, as
 the case may be, Executive s earned but unpaid Base Salary as of the date of death, accrued vacation and unreimbursed business expenses and amounts due under any plans, programs or arrangements of the Company through the Date of Termination.

(d) Termination by Company Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason . If Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason:

(i) the Company will pay to Executive within 30 days of the Date of Termination in a single lump sum payment (A) his Base Salary and accrued vacation pay through the Date of Termination,
 (B) an amount equal to two (2) times his Base Salary and (C) an amount equal to two (2) times his Annual Bonus. For purposes of this Agreement, Annual Bonus will be the average of the annual bonus payments the Executive received during the
 preceding three (3) calendar years;

4 

(ii) the Company will reimburse Executive, pursuant to the Company s policy, for reasonable business expenses incurred, but not paid, prior to the Date of Termination; and

(iii) Executive will be entitled to any other rights, compensation and/or benefits as may be due to Executive following such termination to which he is otherwise entitled in accordance with
 the terms and provisions of any plans or programs of the Company.

9. Mitigation . Executive will not be required to mitigate amounts payable under this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, and there will be no offset against amounts
 due Executive under this Agreement on account of subsequent employment except as specifically provided herein.

10. Confidential Information; Non-Solicitation .

(a) Nondisclosure of Confidential Information . Executive acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company to maintain as secret and confidential (i) all valuable and unique
 information, (ii) other information heretofore or hereafter acquired by the Company or any affiliated entity and deemed by it to be confidential, and (iii) information developed or used by the Company or any affiliated entity relating to the
 business, operations, employees and customers of the Company or any affiliated entity (all such information described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, other than information which is known to the public or becomes known to the public through no
 fault of Executive, is hereinafter referred to as Confidential Information ). The parties recognize that the services to be performed by Executive pursuant to this Agreement are special and unique and that by reason of his employment by the
 Company after the date hereof, Executive has acquired and will acquire Confidential Information. Executive recognizes that all such Confidential Information is the property of the Company. Accordingly, at any time during or after the Employment
 Period, Executive shall not, except in the proper performance of his duties under this Agreement, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company, disclose to any person other than the Company, whether or not such a person is
 a competitor of the Company, and shall use his best efforts to prevent the publication or disclosure of any Confidential Information obtained by, or which has come to the knowledge of, Executive prior or subsequent to the date hereof. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may disclose to other persons, as part of his occupation, information with respect to the Company or any affiliated entity, which (i) is of a type generally not considered by standards of the banking industry
 to be proprietary, or (ii) is otherwise consented to in writing by the Company.

(b) Non-Solicitation . Executive agrees he shall not, during the Employment Period or for the 12-month period following his Date of Termination (the Covered Period ), either
 personally or by or through his agent and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, seek to persuade any employee of the Company or any affiliated entity or any person who was an employee of the Company or any affiliated entity during the
 six (6) month period prior to the commencement of the Covered Period, to discontinue his or her status or employment with the Company or such affiliated entity or to become employed in a business or activities likely to be competitive with the
 Company or any affiliated entity. Additionally, Executive agrees that during his Employment Period and throughout the Covered Period, he shall not, for himself or on behalf of any person, solicit, divert or attempt to solicit or divert any
 established customer of the Company with a view to inducing or encouraging such established customer to discontinue or curtail any business relationship with the Company. Nothing in this Section 10(b) shall preclude solicitation through any
 general advertisement not targeted at employees of the Company.

5 

(c) Obligations of Executive Upon Termination . Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, Executive shall return to the Company all documents and copies of documents in
 his possession relating to any Confidential Information including, but not limited to, internal and external business forms, manuals, correspondence, notes and computer programs, and Executive shall not make or retain any copy or extract of any of
 the foregoing. In addition, in the event Executive s employment is terminated, Executive shall resign from all offices and positions held with the Company. Nothing in this paragraph shall preclude Executive from retaining documents or other
 information pertaining to his compensation or the other terms of employment with the Company.

(d) Remedies . Executive acknowledges and understands that paragraphs 10(a), 10(b) and 10(c) and the other provisions of this Agreement are of a special and unique nature, the loss
 of which cannot be adequately compensated for in damages by an action at law, and that the breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Agreement would cause the Company irreparable harm. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by
 Executive of the provisions of this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to seek an injunction restraining him from such breach. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as prohibiting the Company from pursuing, or limiting the
 Company s ability to pursue, any other remedies available for any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement by Executive. The provision of this Agreement relating to arbitration of disputes shall not be applicable to the Company to the extent it
 seeks an injunction in any court to restrain Executive from violating paragraphs 10(a), 10(b) and 10(c) hereof.

(e) Continuing Operation . Except as specifically provided in this Section 10, the termination of Executive s employment or of this Agreement will have no effect on the continuing
 operation of this Section 10.

11. Release . Executive agrees, if his employment is terminated under circumstances entitling him to payments under Section 8(d) and Section 8(e) of this Agreement,
 that in consideration for and as a condition to receiving the payments described in Section 8(d) and Section 8(e) , he will execute and not revoke a General Release in substantially the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, through which
 Executive releases the Company from any and all claims as may relate to or arise out of his employment relationship (excluding claims Executive may have under any employee pension plan as described in Section 3(3) of ERISA or any claims under this
 Agreement). The form of the Release may be modified as needed to reflect changes in the applicable law or regulations that are needed to provide a legally enforceable and binding Release to the Company at the time of execution.

6 

12. Indemnification and Insurance . Executive shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company during the term of this Agreement and following any termination of this Agreement
 for any reason whatsoever in the same manner as would any other key management employee of the Company with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to (a) the termination of this Agreement or (b) the termination of employment of Executive. In
 addition, during the term of this Agreement and for a period of three years following the termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, Executive shall be covered by a Company-held directors and officers liability insurance policy covering
 acts or omissions occurring prior to (a) the termination of this Agreement or (b) the termination of employment of Executive.

13. Arbitration; Legal Fees and Expenses . The parties agree that Executive s employment and this Agreement relate to interstate commerce, and that any and all disputes, claims or
 controversies between Executive and the Company which may arise out of or relate to Executive s employment relationship or this Agreement shall be settled by arbitration. This agreement to arbitrate shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 Any arbitration shall be before a single arbitrator in accordance with the American Arbitration Association s National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes pertaining to individually-negotiated contracts and shall be undertaken pursuant to
 the Federal Arbitration Act. Arbitration will be held in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma unless the parties mutually agree on another location. Unless parties mutually agree to self-administer the arbitration or to use a different arbitration service, it
 will be administered by the Dallas, Texas office of the American Arbitration Association. The decision of the arbitrator will be enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. The parties agree that punitive, liquidated or indirect damages
 shall not be awarded by the arbitrator unless such damages would have been awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator shall also have the discretion and authority to award costs and attorney fees to the prevailing party or,
 alternatively, may order each party to bear its own costs and attorney fees in connection with the arbitration to the extent permitted by applicable law. Nothing in this Agreement to arbitrate, however, shall preclude the Company from obtaining
 injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction prohibiting any ongoing breaches by Executive of this Agreement including, without limitation, violations of Section 1 0 .

14. Agreement Binding on Successors .

(a) Company s Successors . No rights or obligations of the Company under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except that the Company will require any successor (whether
 direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, reorganization, sale, transfer of stock, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same
 manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company means the Company as hereinbefore defined, and any successor to its business and/or assets (by
 merger, purchase or otherwise) which executes and delivers the agreement provided for in this Section 1 4 or which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by operation of law.

7 

(b) Executive s Successors . No rights or obligations of Executive under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred by Executive other than his rights to payments or benefits
 under this Agreement, which may be transferred only by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Upon Executive s death, this Agreement and all rights of Executive under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by
 Executive s beneficiary or beneficiaries, personal or legal representatives, or estate, to the extent any such person succeeds to Executive s interests under this Agreement. Executive will be entitled to select and change a beneficiary or
 beneficiaries to receive any benefit or compensation payable under this Agreement following Executive s death by giving the Company written notice thereof in a form acceptable to the Company. In the event of Executive s death or a judicial
 determination of his incompetence, reference in this Agreement to Executive shall be deemed, where appropriate, to refer to his beneficiary(ies), estate or other legal representative(s). If Executive should die following his Date of Termination
 while any amounts would still be payable to him under this Agreement if he had continued to live, unless otherwise provided, all such amounts shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to such person or persons so appointed in
 writing by Executive, or otherwise to his legal representatives or estate.

15. Notice . For the purposes of this Agreement, notices, demands and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
 given when delivered either personally or by United States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

If to Executive:

At his last known address

evidenced on the Company s

payroll records.

If to the Company:

Bank 7 Corp.

1039 NW 63rd

Oklahoma City, OK 73116

or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the others in writing in accordance with this Agreement, except that notices of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt.

16. Withholding . All payments hereunder will be subject to any required withholding of federal, state and local taxes pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

17. Miscellaneous . No provisions of this Agreement may be amended, modified, or waived unless agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and by a duly authorized officer of the
 Company. No waiver by either party of any breach by the other party of any condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. The
 respective rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall survive Executive s termination of employment and the termination of this Agreement to the extent necessary for the intended preservation of such rights and obligations. The
 validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Oklahoma without regard to its conflicts of law principles.

18. Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
 Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect.

8 

19. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the
 same instrument.

20. Section Headings . The section headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and they form no part of this Agreement and will not affect its interpretation.

21. Entire Agreement . Except as provided elsewhere herein, this Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect to its subject matter and supersedes all prior
 agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, whether oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party to this Agreement with respect to such subject matter. Provided, however,
 nothing in this Agreement shall supersede or negatively affect Executive s rights under the Bank 7 Corp. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (or any related awards or agreements).

22. Section 409A .

This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Code ), the Treasury regulations and other guidance promulgated or issued thereunder
 Section 409A ), to the extent that the requirements of Section 409A are applicable thereto, and after application of all available exemptions, including but not limited to, the short-term deferral rule and involuntary separation pay plan
 exception and the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with that intention. The Company shall not have any liability to Executive with respect to tax obligations that result under any tax law and makes no
 representation with respect to the tax treatment of the payments and/or benefits provided under this Agreement. Any provision required for compliance with Section 409A that is omitted from this Agreement shall be incorporated herein by reference and
 shall apply retroactively, if necessary, and be deemed a part of this Agreement to the same extent as though expressly set forth herein.

To the extent required to comply with Section 409A, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any
 amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service (excluding death) within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references
 to a resignation, termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service (excluding death). If Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee, within the meaning of that term
 under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code and using the identification methodology selected by the Company from time to time, or if none, the default methodology, then with regard to any payment or the providing of any benefit made under this
 Agreement, to the extent required to be delayed in compliance with Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, and any other payment or the provision of any other benefit that is required to be delayed in compliance with Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code,
 such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of Executive s separation from service or (ii) the date of death. On the first day of the seventh month
 following the date of separation from service, or if earlier, on the date of death, all payments delayed pursuant to this subparagraph and Section 409A (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the
 absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to Executive in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein.

9 

With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits
 is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expense eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits
 to be provided, in any other taxable year, provided that the foregoing clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Section 105(b) of the Code solely because such expenses are subject to a
 limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred.

For purposes of applying the provisions of Section 409A to this Agreement, each separately identified amount to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment
 within the meaning of Section 409A. In addition, any series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments under Section 409A, including Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii).

23. Dodd-Frank Act . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and/or its related entities and Executive to the contrary, Executive
 acknowledges that the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Act may have the effect of requiring certain executives of the Company and/or its related entities to repay the Company, and for the Company to recoup from such
 executives, certain amounts of incentive-based compensation. If, and only to the extent, the Act, any rules and regulations promulgated by thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any similar federal or state law requires the Company
 to recoup incentive-based compensation that the Company has paid or granted to Executive, Executive hereby agrees, even if Executive has terminated his employment with the Company, to promptly repay such incentive compensation to the Company upon its
 written request. In addition, the Executive agrees to be subject to any other compensation clawback arrangement adopted by the Board (whether before or after the Effective Date) which is applicable to all executive officers of the Company. This
 Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

10 

24. Application of 280G .

(a) It is the objective of this Agreement to maximize Executive s net after-tax benefit if payments or benefits provided under this Agreement are subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of
 the Code. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, in the event that any payment or benefit by the Company or otherwise to or for the benefit of Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms
 of this Agreement or otherwise, including, by example and not by way of limitation, acceleration by the Company or otherwise of the date of vesting or payment or rate of payment under any plan, program, arrangement or agreement of the Company (all
 such payments and benefits, including the payments and benefits under Section 8 hereof, being hereinafter referred to as the Total Payments ), would be subject (in whole or in part) to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise
 Tax ), then the cash severance payments shall first be reduced, and the non-cash severance payments shall thereafter be reduced, to the extent necessary so that no portion of the Total Payments shall be subject to the Excise Tax, but only if (i) the
 net amount of such Total Payments, as so reduced (and after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such reduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions
 attributable to such reduced Total Payments), is greater than or equal to (ii) the net amount of such Total Payments without such reduction (but after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income taxes on such Total Payments and the
 amount of Excise Tax to which Executive would be subject in respect of such unreduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such unreduced Total Payments).

(b) The Total Payments shall be reduced by the Company in the following order: (i) reduction of any cash severance payments otherwise payable to Executive that are exempt from Section 409A of
 the Code, (ii) reduction of any other cash payments or benefits otherwise payable to Executive that are exempt from Section 409A of the Code, but excluding any payments attributable to the acceleration of vesting or payments with respect to any
 equity award with respect to the Company s common stock that is exempt from Section 409A of the Code, (iii) reduction of any other payments or benefits otherwise payable to Executive on a pro-rata basis or such other manner that complies with Section
 409A of the Code, but excluding any payments attributable to the acceleration of vesting and payments with respect to any equity award with respect to the Company s common stock that are exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and (iv) reduction of any
 payments attributable to the acceleration of vesting or payments with respect to any other equity award with respect to the Company s common stock that are exempt from Section 409A of the Code.

(c) For purposes of determining whether and the extent to which the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax, (i) no portion of the Total Payments the receipt or enjoyment of which
 Executive shall have waived at such time and in such manner as not to constitute a payment within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the Code shall be taken into account, (ii) no portion of the Total Payments shall be taken into account which, in
 the written opinion of independent auditors of nationally recognized standing Independent Advisors selected by the Company, does not constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code (including by reason of
 Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code) and, in calculating the Excise Tax, no portion of such Total Payments shall be taken into account which, in the opinion of Independent Advisors, constitutes reasonable compensation for services actually rendered,
 within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code, in excess of the base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation, and (iii) the value of any non-cash benefit or any deferred payment or
 benefit included in the Total Payments shall be determined by the Independent Advisors in accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code. The costs of obtaining such determination shall be borne by the Company.

11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the date first above written.

COMPANY

Bank 7 Corp., an Oklahoma corporation

By:

/s/ William B. Haines

William B. Haines, Chairman

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Jason Estes

Jason E. Estes

12 

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE. Various laws, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978, the Equal Pay Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Age
 Discrimination in Employment Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and the Veterans Reemployment Rights Act (all as amended from time to time), prohibit employment
 discrimination based on sex, race, color, national origin, religion, age, disability, eligibility for covered employee benefits and veteran status. You may also have rights under laws such as the Older Worker Benefit Protection Act of 1990, the
 Worker Adjustment and Retraining Act of 1988, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Occupational Health and Safety Act and other federal, state and/or municipal statutes, orders or regulations pertaining to labor,
 employment and/or employee benefits. These laws are enforced through the United States Department of Labor and its agencies, including the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), and various state and municipal labor departments, fair
 employment boards, human rights commissions and similar agencies.

This General Release is being provided to you in connection with the Employment Agreement between you and Bank 7 Corp., an Oklahoma corporation, dated January 1, 2022 (the Agreement ). The federal Older Worker
 Benefit Protection Act requires that you have at least twenty-one (21) days, if you want it, to consider whether you wish to sign a release such as this one in connection with a special, individualized severance package. You have until the close of
 business twenty-one (21) days from the date you receive this General Release to make your decision. You may not sign this General Release until, at the earliest, your official date of separation from employment, _________________.

BEFORE EXECUTING THIS GENERAL RELEASE YOU SHOULD REVIEW THESE DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY AND CONSULT WITH YOUR ATTORNEY.

You may revoke this General Release within seven (7) days after you sign it and it shall not become effective or enforceable until that revocation period has expired. If you do not accept the severance package and
 sign and return this General Release, or if you exercise your right to revoke the General Release after signing it, you will not be eligible for the special, individualized severance package. Any revocation must be in writing and must be received by
 ____________, Bank 7 Corp., 1039 NW 63rd, Nichols Hills, Oklahoma 73116, within the seven-day period following your execution of this General Release.

GENERAL RELEASE

In consideration of the special, individualized severance package offered to me by Bank 7 Corp. and the separation benefits I will receive as reflected in the Employment Agreement between me and Bank 7 Corp. dated
 January 1, 2022 (the Agreement ), I hereby release and discharge Bank 7 Corp. and its predecessors, successors, affiliates, parent, subsidiaries and partners and each of those entities employees, officers, directors and agents (hereafter
 collectively referred to as the Company from all claims, liabilities, demands, and causes of action, known or unknown, fixed or contingent, which I may have or claim to have against the Company either as a result of my past employment with the
 Company and/or the severance of that relationship and/or otherwise, and hereby waive any and all rights I may have with respect to and promise not to file a lawsuit to assert any such claims.

This General Release includes, but is not limited to, claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978, the Equal Pay Act, the Civil
 Rights Act of 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act or 1974 and the Veterans Reemployment Rights Act (all as amended from time
 to time). This General Release also includes, but is not limited to, any rights I may have under the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Act of 1988, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Family and Medical
 Leave Act, the Occupational Health and Safety Act and any other federal, state and/or municipal statutes, orders or regulations pertaining to labor, employment and/or employee benefits. This General Release also applies to any claims or rights I may
 have growing out of any legal or equitable restrictions on the Company s rights not to continue an employment relationship with its employees, including any express or implied employment contracts, and to any claims I may have against the Company for
 fraudulent inducement or misrepresentation, defamation, wrongful termination or other retaliation claims in connection with workers compensation or alleged whistleblower status or on any other basis whatsoever.

It is specifically agreed, however, that this General Release does not have any effect on any rights or claims I may have against the Company which arise after the date I execute this General Release or on any vested
 rights I may have under any of the Company s qualified or non-qualified benefit plans or arrangements (including, without limitation, any rights that I may have under any stock option or other incentive awards or agreements) as of or after my last
 day of employment with the Company, or on any of the Company s obligations under the Agreement or as otherwise required under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget and Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA).

I have carefully reviewed and fully understand all the provisions of the Agreement and General Release, including the foregoing Notice. I have not relied on any representation or statement, oral or written, by the
 Company or any of its representatives, which is not set forth in those documents.

The Agreement and this General Release, including the foregoing Notice, set forth the entire agreement between me and the Company with respect to this subject. I understand that my receipt and retention of the
 separation benefits covered by the Agreement are contingent not only on my execution of this General Release, but also on my continued compliance with my other obligations under the Agreement. I acknowledge that the Company gave me twenty-one (21)
 days to consider whether I wish to accept or reject the separation benefits I am eligible to receive under the Agreement in exchange for this General Release. I also acknowledge that the Company advised me to seek independent legal advice as to
 these matters, if I chose to do so. I hereby represent and state that I have taken such actions and obtained such information and independent legal or other advice, if any, that I believed were necessary for me to fully understand the effects and
 consequences of the Agreement and General Release prior to signing those documents.

Dated this ____ day of ____________, 20__.

2 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21>
 4
 brhc10050068_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21

Subsidiaries of Bank7 Corp.

Entity Name

State of Incorporation

Bank7

Oklahoma

Subsidiaries of Bank7

Entity Name

State of Organization

1039 NW63RD, LLC

Oklahoma

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 brhc10050068_ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Bank7 Corp. (the Company) on Forms S-3 (File No. 333-261356, effective November 24, 2021; and
 File No. 333-250102, effective November 16, 2020) and Form S-8 (File No. 333-227437, effective September 20, 2018) of our report, dated March 24, 2023, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
 2021 and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

FORVIS, LLP

 (Formerly, BKD, LLP)

 /s/ FORVIS, LLP

Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

 March 24, 2023

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 brhc10050068_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 UNDER SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)

I, Thomas L. Travis, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bank7 Corp.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
 the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
 fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
 audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 24, 2023 

By:

/s/ Thomas L. Travis

Thomas L. Travis

President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 brhc10050068_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

 UNDER SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)

I, Kelly J. Harris, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bank7 Corp.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
 the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
 fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
 audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 24, 2023 

By:

/s/ Kelly J. Harris

Kelly J. Harris

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 brhc10050068_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

 UNDER 18 U.S.C. 1350 FURNISHED PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(b)

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bank7 Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), each of the undersigned, in his respective capacities indicated below, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as enacted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge and belief,

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 24, 2023 

By:

/s/ Thomas L. Travis

Thomas L. Travis

President and Chief Executive Officer

By:

/s/ Kelly J. Harris

Kelly J. Harris

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 bsvn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 bsvn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 bsvn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 bsvn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 bsvn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

