<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230208_10-K_edgar_data_820313_0001558370-23-001036.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22305896</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>416807</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2460207</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8949620</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3210442</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6539554</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-001036.hdr.sgml : 20230208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230208163748
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-001036
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMPHENOL CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000820313
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC CONNECTORS [3678]
		IRS NUMBER:				222785165
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10879
		FILM NUMBER:		23599667

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		358 HALL AVE
		CITY:			WALLINGFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06492
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2032658900

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-001036.txt : 20230208

10-K
 1
 aph-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) - (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of Amphenol Corporation Class A Common Stock (based upon the closing price of such stock on the New York Stock Exchange) held by non-affiliates was approximately million. As of January 31, 2023, the total number of shares outstanding of Registrant s Class A Common Stock was . DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

INDEX Page PART I Item 1. Business 2 General 2 Reportable Business Segments 2 COVID-19 Pandemic 4 Our Strategy 4 Markets 5 Customers and Geographies 7 Manufacturing 8 Research and Development 8 Intellectual Property 9 Raw Materials 9 Competition 10 Backlog and Seasonality 10 Cybersecurity 10 Environmental Matters 10 Government Regulation 11 Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance 11 Sustainability Report 11 Human Capital Management and Our Culture 12 Available Information 13 Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 22 Item 2. Properties 23 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 23 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 23 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 24 Item 6. [Reserved] 25 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 48 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 50 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 50 Consolidated Statements of Income 52 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 53 Consolidated Balance Sheets 54 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 55 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow 56 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 57 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 94 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 94 Item 9B. Other Information 94 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 94 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 95 Item 11. Executive Compensation 95 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 95 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 95 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 95 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 96 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 98 Signatures 100 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such forward-looking statements are based on our management s assumptions and beliefs about future events or circumstances using information currently available, and as a result, they are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements address events or developments that Amphenol Corporation (together with its subsidiaries, Amphenol, the Company, we, our, or us expects or believes may or will occur in the future. These forward-looking statements, which address the Company s expected business and financial performance and financial condition, among other matters, may contain words and terms such as: anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, forecast, guidance, intend, look ahead, may, ongoing, optimistic, plan, potential, predict, project, seek, should, target, will or would and other words and terms of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such as statements about expected earnings, revenues, growth, liquidity, effective tax rate, interest rates or other matters. Although the Company believes the expectations reflected in all forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, the expectations may not be attained or there may be material deviation. Readers and investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. There are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. A description of some of these uncertainties and other risks is set forth under the caption Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A and elsewhere in this Annual Report, as well as other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including, but not limited to, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. There may be other risks and uncertainties not identified in these documents that we either currently do not expect to have an adverse effect on our business or that we are unable to predict or identify at the time of this Annual Report. Our forward-looking statements may also be impacted by, among other things, future tax, regulatory and other legal changes that may arise in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. PART I Item 1. Business General Amphenol Corporation is one of the world s largest designers, manufacturers and marketers of electrical, electronic and fiber optic connectors and interconnect systems, antennas, sensors and sensor-based products and coaxial and high-speed specialty cable. The Company estimates, based on recent reports of industry analysts, that worldwide sales of interconnect and sensor-related products were approximately 235 billion in 2022. Certain predecessor businesses of the Company were founded in 1932, and the Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1986. The Company s Class A Common Stock Common Stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in 1991. Reportable Business Segments The Company s strategy is to provide our customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of quality and service on a worldwide basis, while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. Effective January 1, 2022, the Company aligned its businesses into three newly formed reportable business segments: (i) Harsh Environment Solutions , (ii) Communications Solutions and (iii) Interconnect and Sensor Systems . This new alignment, which replaced our historical reportable business segments, reinforces the Company s entrepreneurial culture and the clear accountability of each of our business unit general managers, while enhancing the scalability of Amphenol s business for the future. All businesses previously reported in the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment have been aligned with one of the three newly formed segments. All businesses previously reported in the Cable Products and Solutions segment have been aligned with our newly formed Communications Solutions segment. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 A description of each of our newly formed reportable business segments is as follows: Harsh Environment Solutions the Harsh Environment Solutions segment designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of ruggedized interconnect products, including connectors and interconnect systems, printed circuits and printed circuit assemblies and other products.
 Communications Solutions the Communications Solutions segment designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of connector and interconnect systems, including high speed, radio frequency, power, fiber optic and other products, together with antennas.
 Interconnect and Sensor Systems the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of sensors, sensor-based systems, connectors and value-add interconnect systems.
 The following table provides a summary of the end markets that we service and our key products within each of the three reportable business segments: Reporting Segment Harsh Environment Solutions Communications Solutions Interconnect and Sensor Systems 

of 2022 Net Sales: 25 45 30 

End Markets Automotive Commercial Aerospace Industrial Information Technology and Data Communications Military Mobile Networks Automotive Broadband Communications Commercial Aerospace Industrial Information Technology and Data Communications Military Mobile Devices Mobile Networks Automotive Commercial Aerospace Industrial Information Technology and Data Communications Military Mobile Networks 

Key Products Connectors and Connector Systems: harsh environment data, power, fiber optic and radio frequency interconnect products Value-Add Products: backplane interconnect systems cable assemblies and harnesses cable management products Other: flexible and rigid printed circuit boards Connectors and Connector Systems: fiber optic interconnect products high-speed interconnect products radio frequency interconnect products Value-Add Products: cable assemblies and harnesses Antennas: consumer device antennas network infrastructure antennas Cable: coaxial, power and specialty cable Other: hinges and other mechanical products production-related products Connectors and Connector Systems: busbars and power distribution systems power interconnect products Value-Add Products: backplane interconnect systems cable assemblies and harnesses Sensors and Sensor-based Products: force gas and moisture level position pressure temperature vibration In conjunction with the new alignment of our business, the Company appointed three new segment managers to lead their respective reportable business segments, each reporting directly to the Company s Chief Executive Officer. T he Company began reporting under its new reportable segments in connection with its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022 and for each quarterly period thereafter. Throughout this Annual Report, the Company is reporting under the new reportable segments structure, which includes the recasting of relevant segment information for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, in order to enable year-over-year segment comparisons. For further details related to the Company s reportable business segments, information regarding the Company s operations and results by reportable segment, as well as the Company s net sales and long-lived assets by geographic area, refer to Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Reportable Business Segments prior to 2022 Through December 31, 2021, the Company operated through two reporting segments: (i) Interconnect Products and Assemblies and (ii) Cable Products and Solutions. The Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment primarily designed, manufactured and marketed a broad range of connector and connector systems, value-add products and other products, including antennas and sensors, used in a wide range of applications in a diverse set of end markets. Interconnect products included connectors which, when attached to an electrical, electronic or fiber optic cable, a printed circuit board or other device, facilitate transmission of power or signals. Value-add systems generally consisted of a system of cable, flexible circuits or printed circuit boards and connectors, antennas or sensors for linking electronic equipment. The Cable Products and Solutions segment primarily designed, manufactured and marketed cable, value-add products and components for use primarily in the broadband communications and information technology markets, as well as certain applications in other markets. COVID-19 Pandemic Since early 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted our offices and manufacturing facilities around the world, as well as the facilities of our suppliers, customers and our customers contract manufacturers. These disruptions have included, and may continue to include, government regulations that inhibit our ability to operate certain of our facilities in the ordinary course, travel restrictions, supplier constraints, supply chain interruptions, logistics challenges and limitations, labor disruptions and reduced demand from certain customers. During much of 2022, COVID-19 outbreaks in China resulted in local or regional government-imposed lockdowns and restrictions, which impacted the ability of several of our operations and manufacturing facilities to operate in the ordinary course. As of December 31, 2022, there continue to be isolated COVID-19 outbreaks in certain regions of the world, particularly in China, but these outbreaks have not had a significant impact on our operations. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations in 2023 and beyond remains uncertain and unpredictable. For a discussion of certain risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic, refer to the risk factor titled We may be negatively impacted by adverse public health developments, including epidemics and pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. For a discussion of the financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Our Strategy The Company s overall strategy is to provide our customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of quality and service on a worldwide basis, while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. Specifically, our business strategy is as follows: Pursue broad market diversification - The Company constantly strives to increase the diversity of its markets, customers, applications and products. Due to the tremendous variety of opportunities in the electronics industry, management believes that it is important to participate wherever significant growth opportunities are available. This diversification positions us to proliferate our technologies across the broadest array of opportunities and reduces our exposure to any one particular market, thereby reducing the variability of our financial performance. An overview of the Company s market and product participation is described under Markets . Develop high-technology performance-enhancing solutions - The Company seeks to expand the scope and number of its preferred supplier relationships with customers across its diverse end markets. The Company works closely with its customers at the design stage to create and manufacture innovative solutions. These products generally have higher value-added content than other interconnect, antenna and sensor products, and have been developed across the Company s end markets. The Company is focused on technology leadership in the interconnect areas of radio frequency, power, harsh environment, high-speed and fiber optics, as well as antennas and sensors, as it views these technology areas to be of particular importance to our global customer base. Expand global presence - The Company is strategically expanding and shifting its global manufacturing, engineering, sales and service operations to better serve its existing customer base, penetrate developing markets and establish new customer relationships. As the Company s global customers have grown their international operations to access developing world markets and lower manufacturing costs, the Company is continuing to expand and shift its international footprint in order to provide real-time capabilities to these customers. The majority of the Company s international operations have broad capabilities, including new product development. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 The Company is also able to take advantage of the lower manufacturing costs in some regions, and has established low-cost manufacturing and assembly facilities around the world. Control costs - The Company recognizes the importance in today s global marketplace of maintaining a competitive cost structure. Innovation, product quality and performance, and comprehensive customer service are not mutually exclusive with controlling costs. Controlling costs is part of a mindset. It is having the discipline to invest in programs that have a good return, maintaining a cost structure as flexible as possible to respond to changes in the marketplace, working with suppliers and vendors in a fair but prudent way to ensure a reasonable cost for materials and services and creating a mindset where managers manage the Company s assets as if they were their own. This mindset was particularly important in 2021 and 2022, as supply chain challenges and inflationary pressures accelerated. Pursue strategic acquisitions and investments - The Company believes that the industry in which it operates is highly fragmented and continues to provide significant opportunities for strategic acquisitions. As a result, we continue to pursue acquisitions of high-potential companies with strong management teams that complement our existing business while further expanding our product lines, technological capabilities and geographic presence. We seek to enhance the performance of acquired companies by leveraging Amphenol s position with customers across our diverse end markets, our leading technologies and our access to low-cost manufacturing around the world. In 2022, the Company invested approximately 288 million to fund two acquisitions, while in 2021, the Company invested approximately 1.5 billion (net of the proceeds received from the divestiture of MTS Systems Corporation s MTS Test Simulation business in December 2021) to fund seven acquisitions, including the acquisitions of MTS s Sensors business in April 2021 and Halo Technology Limited Halo in December 2021. Our acquisitions in 2022 and 2021 have strengthened our customer base and product offerings in many of our end markets and have brought a number of high-performing new management teams into the Company. Foster collaborative, entrepreneurial management - Amphenol s management system is designed to provide clear income statement and balance sheet responsibility in a flat organizational structure. Each general manager is incented to grow and develop their business and to think entrepreneurially in providing innovative, timely and cost-effective solutions to customer needs. In addition, Amphenol s general managers have access to the resources of the larger organization and are encouraged to work collaboratively with their peers throughout the Company to meet the needs of the expanding marketplace and to achieve common goals. As the Company has grown, we have preserved this unique culture of entrepreneurship by ensuring that our executive organization can effectively drive the performance of and collaboration among our global general managers. The alignment of the Company s businesses into three newly formed divisions , which represent the newly formed reportable segments effective January 1, 2022, reinforces this culture and clear accountability, and enhances the scalability of the Company s entrepreneurial organization. Markets The Company sells products to customers in a diversified set of end markets. For a discussion of certain risks related to the Company s end markets, refer to the subsection titled Risks Related to our End Markets included in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. Automotive - Amphenol is a leading supplier of advanced interconnect systems, sensors and antennas for a growing array of automotive applications. In addition, Amphenol has developed advanced technology solutions for hybrid and electric vehicles and is working with leading global customers to proliferate these advanced interconnect products into next-generation automobiles. Sales into the automotive market represented approximately 21 of the Company s net sales in 2022, with sales into the following primary end applications: 

antennas lighting charging stations passenger connectivity electric vehicles power management engine management and control safety and security systems exhaust monitoring and cleaning sensing systems hybrid vehicles telematics systems infotainment and communications transmission systems 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Broadband Communications - Amphenol is a world leader in broadband communication products for cable, satellite and telecommunications-based video and data networks, with industry-leading engineering, design and manufacturing expertise. The Company offers a wide range of products to service the broadband market, including customer premises and distribution cable, connectors and value-add interconnect products, passive components, active and passive fiber optic interconnect components, interconnect enclosures, as well as interconnect products integrated into headend equipment. Sales into the broadband communications market represented approximately 5 of the Company s net sales in 2022, with sales into the following primary end applications: 

cable, satellite telecommunications networks network switching equipment customer premises equipment satellite interface devices high-speed internet hardware set-top boxes Commercial Aerospace - Amphenol is a leading provider of high-performance interconnect systems and components to the commercial aerospace market. In addition to connector and interconnect assembly products, the Company also provides rigid and flexible printed circuits, high-technology cable management products as well as sensors. Our products are specifically designed to operate in the harsh environments of commercial aerospace, while also providing substantial weight reduction, simplified installation and/or minimal maintenance. Sales into the commercial aerospace market represented approximately 3 of the Company s net sales in 2022, with sales into the following primary end applications: 

aircraft and airframe power distribution in-flight entertainment avionics in-flight internet connectivity controls and instrumentation lighting and control systems engines wire bundling and cable management Industrial - Amphenol is a technology leader in the design, manufacture and supply of high-performance interconnect systems, sensors and antennas for a broad range of industrial applications. Amphenol s core competencies include application-specific industrial interconnect solutions utilizing integrated assemblies, including with both cable and flexible printed circuits, as well as high-power interconnects requiring advanced engineering and system integration. In particular, our innovative solutions facilitate the increasing demands of embedded computing, power distribution and electrification within industrial applications. Sales into the industrial market represented approximately 25 of the Company s net sales in 2022, with sales into the following primary end applications: 

agriculture equipment marine alternative and traditional energy generation medical equipment batteries and hybrid drive systems oil and gas entertainment power distribution factory and machine tool automation public safety heavy equipment rail mass transit instrumentation semiconductor manufacturing equipment internet of things smart manufacturing LED lighting transportation Information Technology and Data Communications - Amphenol is a global provider of interconnect solutions to designers, manufacturers and operators of internet-enabling systems. With our industry-leading high-speed, power and active and passive fiber optic interconnect technologies, together with superior simulation and testing capability and cost effectiveness, Amphenol is a market leader in interconnect development for the information technology IT and datacom market. Whether industry standard or application-specific designs are required, Amphenol provides customers with products that enable performance at the leading edge of next-generation, high-speed, power and fiber optic technologies. Sales into the IT and datacom market represented approximately 21 of the Company s net sales in 2022, with sales into the following primary end applications: 

cloud computing and data centers servers gaming systems storage systems internet appliances transmission networking equipment web service providers 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Military - Amphenol is a world leader in the design, manufacture and supply of high-performance interconnect systems for harsh environment military applications. Such products require superior performance and reliability under conditions of stress and in hostile environments such as vibration, pressure, humidity, radiation and rapid and severe temperature changes. Amphenol provides an unparalleled product breadth, from military specification connectors to customized high-speed board level interconnects; from flexible to rigid printed circuit boards; from backplane systems to completely integrated assemblies; and from sensors to sensor-based systems. Amphenol is a technology leader, participating in major programs from the earliest inception across each phase of the production cycle. Sales into the military market represented approximately 9 of the Company s net sales in 2022, with sales into the following primary end applications: airframe naval avionics ordnance and missile systems communications radar systems engines rotorcraft ground vehicles and tanks satellite and space programs homeland security unmanned aerial vehicles Mobile Devices - Amphenol designs and manufactures an extensive range of interconnect products, antennas and electromechanical components found in a wide array of mobile computing devices. Amphenol s capability for high-volume production of these technically demanding, miniaturized products, combined with our speed of new product introduction, are critical drivers of the Company s long-term success in this market. Sales into the mobile devices market represented approximately 11 of the Company s net sales in 2022, with sales into the following primary end applications: 

consumer electronics production-related products mobile and smart phones, including accessories wearable and hearable devices mobile computing devices, including laptops, tablets and e-readers Mobile Networks - Amphenol is a leading global interconnect solutions provider to the mobile networks market and offers a wide product portfolio, including antennas, connectors and interconnect systems. The Company s products are used in current and next generation wireless communications standards, including in 5G networks. In addition, the Company works with service providers around the world to offer an array of antennas and installation-related site solution interconnect products. Sales into the mobile networks market represented approximately 5 of the Company s net sales in 2022, with sales into the following primary end applications: 

antenna systems mobile switches base stations radio links core network controllers small cells distributed antenna systems (DAS) Customers and Geographies The Company manufactures and sells a broad portfolio of products on a global basis to customers in a wide variety of industries. Our customers include many of the leaders in their respective industries, and our relationships with them typically date back many years. We believe that our diversified customer base provides us with the opportunity to leverage our skills and experience across markets and reduces our exposure to particular end markets. Additionally, we believe that the diversity of our customer base is an important asset of the Company. For many years, customers have generally been consolidating their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain technical, quality, delivery and other standards while maintaining geographic flexibility and competitive prices. The Company has positioned its global resources to compete effectively in this environment. As an industry leader, the Company has established close working relationships with many of its customers on a global basis. These relationships allow the Company to better anticipate and respond to these customer needs when designing new products and new technical solutions. By working with customers to develop new products and technologies, the Company is able to identify and act on trends and leverage knowledge about next-generation technology across our 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 portfolio of products. In addition, the Company has concentrated its efforts on service, procurement and manufacturing improvements designed to increase product quality and performance and lower product lead-time and cost. For a discussion of certain risks related to the Company s sales, refer to the subsection titled Risks Related to our End Markets included in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. The Company s products are sold to thousands of original equipment manufacturers OEMs in numerous countries throughout the world. The Company s products are also sold to electronic manufacturing services EMS companies, to original design manufacturers ODMs and to service providers, including telecommunications network service providers and web service providers. No single customer accounted for 10 or more of the Company s net sales during either of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company sells its products through its own global sales force, independent representatives and a global network of electronics distributors. The Company s sales to distributors represented approximately 18 and 17 of the Company s net sales in 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition to product design teams and collaborative initiatives with customers, the Company uses key account managers to manage certain customer relationships on a global basis so that it can bring to bear its total resources to meet the worldwide needs of its multinational customers. Manufacturing The Company is a global manufacturer employing advanced manufacturing processes including molding, stamping, plating, turning, computer numerical control CNC machining, 3D printing, extruding, die casting, certain other manufacturing, automation and assembly operations and proprietary process technology for connectors, specialty and coaxial cable production, antenna and sensor fabrication. Outsourcing of certain manufacturing processes is used when cost-effective. Substantially all of the Company s manufacturing facilities operate under certification to management system standards of globally recognized, industry certification organizations. Our facilities are primarily certified to quality management systems, primarily ISO9001, but also may include ISO13485, AS9100, and IATF16949. In addition, approximately half of our facilities are also certified to environmental or occupational health and safety management systems, including ISO14001 and ISO45001. The Company s manufacturing facilities are generally vertically integrated operations from the initial design stage through final design and manufacturing. The Company designs, manufactures and assembles its products at facilities in approximately 40 countries around the world. Our global coverage positions us near many of our customers locations and allows us to assist them in consolidating their supply base and lowering their production and logistics costs. In addition, the Company generally relies on local management in every region, which we believe creates a strong degree of organizational stability and operational agility, as well as a deeper understanding of local markets. We believe our broad and balanced geographic distribution lowers our exposure to particular geographies. This has been evident throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, as we were generally able to support our customers even if pandemic-related restrictions and other challenges were present in a particular geography. The Company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage, as it allows the Company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers, while at the same time offering a level of resiliency and diversification against local risks and challenges that may emerge in any single geography. The Company employs a global manufacturing strategy to provide proximity and reliable service to customers, while also lowering production and logistics costs. Our strategy is to maintain strong cost and quality controls in our manufacturing and assembly operations. The Company evaluates and adjusts its expense levels and workforce to reflect current business conditions and attempts to maximize operating profitability as well as the return on capital investments. This strategy has been, and continues to be, critical to the Company s ability to mitigate supply chain constraints and a higher inflationary environment, such as those experienced in 2021 and 2022. The Company sources its products on a worldwide basis. To better serve certain high-volume customers, the Company has established certain facilities near these major customers. The Company seeks to position its manufacturing and assembly facilities in order to serve local markets while coordinating, as appropriate, product design and manufacturing responsibility with the Company s other operations around the world. For a discussion of certain risks related to the Company s global operations, refer to the subsection titled Risks Related to our Global Operations included in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. Research and Development The Company s product development strategy is to rely on product design teams at each of our operating units around the world working collaboratively with customers, which often results in the Company obtaining approved vendor status for its customers new products and programs. The Company generally focuses its research and 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 development efforts primarily on those product areas that it believes have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The Company seeks to have its products become widely accepted within the industry for similar applications and products manufactured by other potential customers, which the Company believes will provide additional sources of future revenue. At the end of 2022, our research, development and engineering efforts, which relate to the creation of new and improved products and processes, were supported by approximately 3,700 of our employees and were performed primarily by individual operating units focused on specific markets and product technologies. Intellectual Property We own a significant portfolio of patents that principally relate to mechanical, electrical, radio frequency, optical and electronic features of connector, antenna and sensor products. We also own a portfolio of trademarks and are a licensee of various patents and trademarks. Patents for individual products extend for varying periods according to the date of patent filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. Trademark rights may potentially extend for longer periods of time and are dependent upon the laws of various jurisdictions and the use of the trademarks. We also rely upon trade secrets, manufacturing know-how, continuing technological innovations and licensing opportunities to maintain and improve our competitive position. We review third-party proprietary rights, including patents and patent applications, as available, in an effort to develop an effective intellectual property strategy, avoid infringement of third-party proprietary rights, identify licensing opportunities and monitor the intellectual property claims of others. From time to time, the Company is involved in disputes with third parties regarding the Company s or such third party s intellectual property assets, particularly patents. While we consider our patents and trademarks to be valuable assets, we do not believe that our competitive position or our operations are dependent upon or would be materially impacted by the loss of any single patent or group of related patents, or by a third party s successful enforcement of its patents against us or any of our products. For a discussion of certain risks related to the Company s intellectual property, refer to the risk factor titled We may experience difficulties in enforcing our intellectual property rights, which could result in loss of market share, and we may be subject to claims of infringement of the intellectual property rights of others in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. Raw Materials The Company purchases a wide variety of raw materials for the manufacture of its products, including (i) precious metals such as gold, silver and palladium, (ii) aluminum, steel, copper, titanium and metal alloy products and (iii) plastic materials. The Company also purchases a wide variety of mechanical and electronic components for the manufacturing of its products. Such raw materials and components are generally available throughout the world and are purchased locally from a variety of suppliers. The Company is generally not dependent upon any one source for raw materials or components or, if one source is used, the Company generally attempts to protect itself through long-term supply agreements. From time to time, the Company may encounter difficulties in obtaining certain raw materials or components necessary for production due to supply chain constraints and logistical challenges, which may include regulatory restrictions. These difficulties may also negatively impact the pricing of materials and components sourced or used by the Company. While the Company does not currently anticipate significant, broad-based difficulties in obtaining raw materials or components necessary for production, in 2021 and 2022, there were supply chain and logistical challenges that impacted the global economy, including our Company, and caused and continue to cause supply constraints and commodity price increases on certain raw materials and components used by the Company in production, as well as decreased availability of, and increased prices for, freight and logistics, including air, sea and ground freight. As of December 31, 2022, while some of the supply chain and logistical challenges have eased, inflation continues to impact the cost of certain raw materials and components used by the Company. Given this environment, the Company may experience supply shortages for discrete raw materials or components in the future, which could be further exacerbated by increased commodity prices and additional inflation. For a discussion of certain risks related to the availability of and dependence on raw materials and components, refer to the risk factor titled The Company and certain of its suppliers and customers have experienced difficulties obtaining certain raw materials and components, and the cost of most of the Company s raw materials and components is increasing in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. Information regarding our obligations related to commitments to purchase certain goods and services is disclosed in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Competition The Company encounters competition in substantially all areas of its business. The Company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service and delivery time. Primary competitors include Aptiv, Belden, Carlisle, Commscope, Eaton, Foxconn, Glenair, HARTING, Hirose, HUBER+SUHNER, ICT Luxshare, JAE, Jonhon, JST, Molex, Phoenix Contact, Radiall, Rosenberger, Sensata, TE Connectivity, Yazaki and 3M, among others. In addition, the Company competes with a large number of smaller companies who compete in specific geographies, markets or products. For a discussion of certain risks related to competition, refer to the risk factor titled The Company encounters competition in substantially all areas of our business in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. Backlog and Seasonality The Company estimates that its backlog of unfilled firm orders as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 4.1 billion compared with backlog of approximately 3.8 billion as of December 31, 2021. Orders typically fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on customer demand and general business conditions. Unfilled orders may generally be cancelled prior to shipment of goods. It is expected that nearly all of the Company s backlog will be filled within the next 12 months. Significant elements of the Company s business, such as sales to the communications-related markets (including wireless communications, information technology and data communications and broadband communications) and sales to distributors, generally have short lead times. Therefore, backlog may not be indicative of future demand. Generally, the Company does not experience significant seasonality in its business, although historically, the strongest quarters have typically been the last two quarters of our fiscal year . Cybersecurity In an effort to reduce the likelihood and severity of cyber incidents, the Company has a cybersecurity program designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our data and systems. We perform risk assessments and penetration tests relating to cybersecurity and technology risks. We also conduct workforce training to instruct employees how to better identify cybersecurity concerns and to avoid actions that might inadvertently allow outsiders to access our systems. We have installed end point protection software on our Company-managed systems and workstations in an effort to detect and prevent malicious code from impacting our systems. The Company s annual internal audits also include procedures performed on the control environment related to our information security systems. Our Board of Directors (the Board maintains oversight responsibility relating to our information security and cybersecurity program, with assistance from the Audit Committee of the Board. At least annually, our senior leadership team (including the leaders of our Information Technology and Internal Audit teams) provides an update of our information security and cybersecurity program to the full Board. In addition, the Company maintains standard cybersecurity insurance. During the last three years, we have not experienced a material security breach and, as a result, we have not incurred any material expenses from such a breach. Furthermore, during such time, we have not been penalized or paid any amount under any information security breach settlement. For a discussion of certain risks related to cybersecurity, refer to the risk factor titled Cybersecurity incidents affecting our information technology systems could disrupt business operations or cause the release of highly sensitive confidential information, resulting in adverse impacts to our reputation and operating results and potentially leading to litigation and/or governmental investigations and fines in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. Environmental Matt ers Certain operations of the Company are subject to environmental laws and regulations that govern the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, as well as the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. The Company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. For more information on certain environmental matters, refer to Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. For a discussion of certain risks related to environmental matters, refer to the risk factor titled The Company is subject to environmental laws and regulations that could adversely affect our business in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Government Regulation As a global company, we are subject to various laws and regulations applicable to parties doing business with the U.S. and other governments, including laws and regulations governing reporting obligations, interactions with government officials, performance of government contracts, the use and treatment of government furnished property and the nature of materials used in our products. In addition, the Company and its products are subject to import and export regulations present in each of the various jurisdictions in which we operate around the world. Certain of our products, including purchased components of such products, are subject to U.S. and non-U.S. export control laws and regulations, and may be exported only with the required export license or through an export license exception. The issuances of such licenses, in particular within the military market, are subject to complex laws and regulations that could change frequently and with limited notice, depending on the jurisdiction, geopolitical events or other factors. The Company has systems in place to apply for licenses and to maintain compliance with any such regulations. Separately, we are required to comply with certain U.S. and non-U.S. economic sanctions and trade embargoes. For a discussion of certain risks related to government regulation, including export and import controls and sanctions, refer to the risk factors titled The Company must comply with complex U.S. governmental export and import controls as well as economic sanctions and trade embargoes , Our business and financial results may be adversely affected by government contracting risks , and Our international operations require us to comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various foreign jurisdictions, and our business reputation and financial results may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, customers, suppliers, distributors or any other business partners , in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance At Amphenol, we believe that making sustainable business choices, building strong relationships with our stakeholders and engaging in good corporate governance create long-term value for our Company. Whether through minimizing our and our partners environmental footprint, following humane labor practices, supporting the development and diversity of our global team, ensuring the strength and integrity of our supply chain or giving back to our communities, we have always believed that it is not just good stewardship, but good business to focus on the long-term sustainability of Amphenol. Throughout Amphenol, we have a shared commitment to create innovative products and enable technologies that improve the lives of people around the world, to support the well-being of our employees and communities and to sustain the health of our planet. Sustainability Report The Company publishes an annual sustainability report Sustainability Report to highlight our goals and areas of progress and success in sustainability matters, including climate-related topics. The Sustainability Report discusses our approach and progress on the environmental, social and governance ESG issues most significant to our business, including ESG-related strategies, programs, goals and metrics that demonstrate our commitment to our stakeholders. The Sustainability Report is designed to inform and engage the Company s broad range of ESG stakeholders, such as employees, suppliers, customers, governments, community members and investors, among others. Our 2021 Sustainability Report was prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative GRI Standards framework and topics identified as material under the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board SASB standards and outlines board and executive-level oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities identified in the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures TCFD recommendations. The SASB standard and GRI and TCFD frameworks encourage companies to disclose climate-related topics that are important to certain interested stakeholders, even if not material for purposes of the U.S. securities laws. Furthermore, the materiality standards under these frameworks are different from the materiality standard under the U.S. securities laws. Our 2021 Sustainability Report is available on our website at https://amphenol.com/sustainability . The items discussed in our 2021 Sustainability Report have not required material capital expenditures or operating expenses, nor caused significant operational challenges or risks to the Company s business or results of operations beyond those items disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors within the risk factors titled The Company may be negatively impacted by extreme weather conditions and natural catastrophic events, including those caused or intensified by climate change and global warming , The Company is subject to, and may continue to be subject to, incremental costs, risks and regulations associated with efforts to combat the negative effects of climate change , and Increasing scrutiny and expectations regarding ESG matters could result in additional costs or risks or otherwise adversely impact our business . Information included in our 2021 Sustainability Report is not incorporated by reference in, and does not form part of, this Annual Report. Our 2022 Sustainability Report is expected to be released during the second quarter of 2023. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Human Capital Management and Our Culture The Company s success is closely tied to the capability, adaptability and accountability of our diverse, global organization. One of the key components of our business strategy is the fostering of a collaborative and entrepreneurial management culture. Each of our general managers operates in a flat organizational structure and is incented to grow and develop their business, with the support of the resources of the larger organization. We believe this structure, with approximately 130 general managers running unique, independent businesses, creates an environment and culture where each of our general managers has a more direct link to the success of their individual businesses and a more personal connection to the employees they oversee and the communities in which they operate. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 91,000 employees worldwide, of which approximately 11,000 were located in the United States. Less than 10 of Amphenol s U.S. workforce is represented by an independent trade union or covered by collective bargaining. The Company believes that it has a good relationship with both its unionized and non-unionized employees. Governance and Culture Our Board is actively involved in overseeing the Company s employee-related strategies and practices as well as the Company s culture and ESG initiatives. This oversight is conducted both directly and through certain of the Board s committees. At each of its regularly scheduled quarterly meetings, the Board reviews changes in key personnel and, at least once a year, meets with management to discuss various human resources related topics, including talent development, succession planning, diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, compensation and culture. We believe the Company s culture has been a critical component of the Company s success and reinforcing that culture is a key responsibility of our executive management. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Amphenol is committed to workplace diversity and fostering a culture of equity, inclusion and belonging across our organization. Our business spans the globe, and the employees in our facilities reflect the diversity of the communities in which we operate. At Amphenol, we promote and maintain a culture of respect and appreciation of differences in our employees. The Company generally relies on local management in every business unit to foster a culture of diversity, equity and inclusion, which we believe creates a strong degree of organizational stability and a deep commitment to our people and the local community. A key hallmark of our structure is our entrepreneurial culture that creates clear accountability for each of our general managers, who are our key business leaders. Our core management team is comprised of these general managers and their controllers, as well as our executive management team. Women represented 27 of this core management team at the end of 2022. Of our total employees worldwide, approximately half are women. Health, Safety and Well-being We believe that the protection of our employees is a moral obligation. In addition, the safety and well-being of our employees is critical to the successful operation of our business. Our health and safety activities are overseen by our corporate environmental, health, safety and sustainability leadership team and are managed by our local teams, who coordinate on-site safety programs, resources, reporting and training in our facilities. We believe that this model of coaching and tracking at the corporate level, but administering at the facility level, has allowed us to provide training and supervision that better fits the local needs of each of our workforces. Compensation and Benefits The Company is focused on providing our employees around the world equitable and competitive compensation and benefits. In the U.S., in addition to competitive compensation, the Company maintains various employee benefits such as health and related insurance, retirement savings programs and health savings and flexible spending accounts. Outside the U.S., we maintain compensation and other benefits competitive with local market conditions. Community and Social Impact Amphenol recognizes that we have a responsibility to be a positive influence in the communities in which we operate around the world. Most of our community outreach is organized by our local management teams, which helps ensure that our efforts are working in support of the local communities in which our employees live and work. Our local teams are actively supporting their communities in a variety of ways including: school supply drives, local blood drives, mentoring of at-risk students, community clean-up events, local tree planting, holiday-giving events and food delivery services. In 2022, a number of our operations in Europe supported refugees who were fleeing Ukraine following the Russian invasion. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Available Information The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, including Amphenol, that file with the SEC. Any such documents that the Company files with the SEC can be obtained by the public on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . This Annual Report and all of the Company s other filings with the SEC, such as quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and any amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are also available to view, free of charge, on the Company s website, www.amphenol.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Also included on the Company s website are press releases and other information about the Company s financial results and performance, and information regarding ESG matters, among other information. Copies of this Annual Report are also available without charge, from Amphenol Corporation, Investor Relations, 358 Hall Avenue, Wallingford, CT 06492. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. Item 1A. Risk Factors The Company s business, operations, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and stock price can be negatively affected by many risk factors. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below and all other information in this Annual Report. The Company s past financial performance, including historical trends, should not be considered a reliable indicator of future performance. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that we currently consider immaterial may materialize and impair the Company s business, operations, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and/or stock price. If actions taken by management to limit, monitor or control enterprise risk exposures are not successful, the Company s business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of the Company s Common Stock and debt securities could decline and investors may lose all or part of their investment. RISKS RELATED TO OUR GLOBAL OPERATIONS The Company is exposed to political, economic, military and other risks related to operating in countries outside the United States, and changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions, U.S. trade policies and other factors beyond the Company s control may adversely impact our business and operating results. The Company s operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. During 2022, non-U.S. markets constituted approximately 67 of the Company s net sales, with China constituting approximately 26 of the Company s net sales. The Company employs nearly 90 of its workforce outside the United States. The Company s customers are located throughout the world, and the Company has many manufacturing, administrative and sales facilities outside the United States. During the last few years there have also been significant changes to U.S. trade policies, sanctions, legislation, treaties and tariffs, including, but not limited to, trade policies and tariffs affecting China. These changes have, in certain cases, increased our costs of doing business. The imposition of additional tariffs or other trade barriers could increase our costs in certain markets, and may cause our customers to find alternative sourcing or could make it more difficult for us to sell our products in some markets. Other countries where we operate or sell our products have changed, and may continue to change, their own policies on trade as well as business and foreign investment in their respective countries. Additionally, it is possible that U.S. policy changes and uncertainty about such changes could increase market volatility and currency exchange rate fluctuations. As a result of these dynamics, we cannot predict the impact to our business of any future changes to the U.S. s or other countries trading relationships or the impact of new laws or regulations adopted by the U.S. or other countries. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 In addition to the risks noted above, a number of other legal, economic and geopolitical factors both in the United States and abroad could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and/or results of operations, such as: a global or regional economic slowdown or recession in any of the Company s end markets (or a prolonging or intensification of such a slowdown or recession), which could negatively affect the financial condition of our customers and result in reduced demand; postponement of customer spending, in response to tighter credit, inflationary pressures, financial market volatility and other global economic factors; effects of significant changes in economic, monetary and/or fiscal policies in the United States and/or abroad, including interest rate changes by the U.S. Federal Reserve or other international central banking systems, foreign currency fluctuations, significant income tax changes and inflationary pressures; intergovernmental conflicts or actions, including, but not limited to, armed conflict, trade wars, cyberattacks and acts of terrorism or war, including the continuing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and escalating tensions in bordering countries within the Eurozone; employment regulations and local labor conditions, including increases in employment costs, particularly in low-cost regions in which the Company currently operates; industrial policies in various countries that favor domestic industries over multinationals or that restrict foreign companies altogether; difficulties protecting intellectual property; longer payment cycles; changes in exchange control regulations, including any government actions that prohibit, limit or increase the cost of paying a dividend or otherwise moving cash between the Company s subsidiaries located in different countries; credit risks and other challenges in collecting accounts receivable; and changes in assumptions, such as discount rates, along with lower than expected investment returns and performance related to the Company s benefit plans. We may be negatively impacted by adverse public health developments, including epidemics and pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Any outbreaks of contagious diseases and other adverse public health developments in countries where we operate could have a material and adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Since early 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted our offices and manufacturing facilities around the world, as well as the facilities of our suppliers, customers and our customers contract manufacturers. These disruptions have included, and may continue to include, government regulations that inhibit our ability to operate certain of our facilities in the ordinary course, travel restrictions, supplier constraints, supply chain interruptions, logistics challenges and limitations, labor disruptions and reduced demand from certain customers. During much of 2022, COVID-19 outbreaks in China resulted in local or regional government-imposed lockdowns and restrictions, which impacted the ability of several of our operations and manufacturing facilities to operate in the ordinary course. As of December 31, 2022, there continue to be isolated COVID-19 outbreaks in certain regions of the world, particularly in China. There can be no assurance that the COVID-19 pandemic will not have a material and adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations in the future. The Company and certain of its suppliers and customers have experienced difficulties obtaining certain raw materials and components, and the cost of most of the Company s raw materials and components is increasing. The Company uses basic materials like aluminum, steel, copper, titanium, metal alloys, gold, silver, palladium and plastic resins in its manufacturing processes as well as a variety of components and relies on third-party suppliers to secure these materials and components. While the Company does not currently anticipate significant, broad-based difficulties in obtaining raw materials or components necessary for production, in 2021 and 2022, there were supply chain and logistical challenges that impacted the global economy, including our Company, and caused and continue to cause supply constraints and commodity price increases on certain raw materials and components used by the Company. In addition, recent inflationary pressures have been exacerbated by decreased availability of, and increased prices for, freight and logistics, including air, sea and ground freight. The Company may not be able to pass along increased raw material or component prices to its customers, and may not be able to procure and obtain sufficient quantities of raw materials and components at acceptable prices from our suppliers. Accordingly, any future delays, disruptions, and supply and pricing risks could affect our ability to meet customer demand for our products or our profitability from selling those products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 In limited instances, we depend on a single source of supply or participate in commodity markets that may be served by a limited number of suppliers. Delays in obtaining supplies may result from a number of factors affecting our suppliers, and any delay could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers. The cost and availability of raw materials may fluctuate significantly due to external factors including, but not limited to, product scarcity, disruptions caused by climate change and adverse weather conditions, commodity market fluctuations, currency fluctuations, governmental policies and regulations such as trade tariffs and import restrictions, as well as pandemics and epidemics (such as, but not limited to, the COVID-19 pandemic), which may, in turn, negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. Cybersecurity incidents affecting our information technology systems could disrupt business operations or cause the release of highly sensitive confidential information, resulting in adverse impacts to our reputation and operating results and potentially leading to litigation and/or governmental investigations and fines. Cybersecurity threats and techniques used to disrupt operations and gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems, including, but not limited to, malware, phishing, credential harvesting, ransomware and other increasingly sophisticated attacks, continue to expand and evolve globally, making it difficult to detect and prevent such threats from impacting the Company. Globally, there continues to be an increased volume of cyber threats, ransomware attempts and social engineering attacks such as phishing and impersonation, and attackers increasingly use tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, to avoid detection, and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has increased cybersecurity risk as a result of global remote working dynamics that may continue into the future and present additional risk that threat actors will engage in social engineering (for example, phishing) and exploit vulnerabilities in corporate and non-corporate networks. Ransomware attacks have become easier to execute, and with the rise of ransomware as a service, it has become an increasingly popular business model to lease or sell ransomware variants to anyone willing to pay the fee. The Company has been and expects to continue to be a target of various cybersecurity attacks, including, but not limited to, ransomware attacks. While the impact of such attacks has not been material, future cybersecurity incidents could lead to unauthorized access to and potentially impair the Company s information technology systems, products, customers, suppliers and third-party service providers. Cybersecurity incidents could potentially result in the disruption of our business operations and/or misappropriation, destruction or corruption of critical data and confidential or proprietary information. Cybersecurity events could also result in the loss of or inability to access confidential information and critical business, financial or other data, and/or cause the release of highly sensitive confidential information. Cybersecurity incidents could also result from unauthorized parties gaining access to our systems or information through fraudulent or other means of deceiving our employees, suppliers or third-party service providers. Despite providing training to employees as well as implementing preventative security measures to prevent, detect, address and mitigate these threats, our or key third-party information technology systems and infrastructure are still susceptible to disruptions from cybersecurity incidents, ransomware attacks, security breaches, computer viruses, security vulnerabilities or bugs in software or hardware, outages, systems failures, natural disasters, adverse public health developments, or other catastrophic events, any of which could include reputational damage, loss of our intellectual property, release of highly sensitive confidential information, the inability to access critical data and other operational disruption, litigation with third parties and/or governmental investigations and fines, among other things, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We and our business partners maintain significant amounts of data electronically in locations around the world. This data relates to all aspects of our business, including financial information and current and future products under development, and also contains certain customer, supplier, partner and employee data, such as sensitive personal data. We maintain systems and processes designed to protect this data, but notwithstanding such protective measures, there is a risk of intrusion, cyberattacks or tampering that could compromise the integrity and privacy of this data or make the data inaccessible to us. In addition, in certain cases, in order to conduct business, we outsource to third-party business partners. We generally obtain assurances from those parties that they have systems and processes in place to protect our data, and where applicable, that they will take steps to protect our data; nonetheless, those partners may also be subject to data intrusion or a cyberattack. Any compromise of the data could substantially disrupt our operations, impact future business opportunities, harm our customers, employees and other business partners, damage our reputation, violate applicable laws, regulations, policies and contractual obligations and subject us to potentially significant costs and liabilities, including litigation or other enforcement actions. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements, privacy laws and regulations around the world, for example, in the European Union, People s Republic of China, and the state of California, which impose significant obligations for companies on how they collect, store, protect, process and transfer personal data and can impose significant fines for non-compliance. The potential for fines and other related costs in the event of a breach of or non-compliance with any existing and forthcoming information security or privacy laws and requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial results. The Company may be negatively impacted by extreme weather conditions and natural catastrophic events, including those caused or intensified by climate change and global warming. From time to time, extreme weather conditions and natural disasters have negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, portions of our operations, as well as the operations of our suppliers, vendors, customers and distributors. Such unpredictable weather conditions and natural disasters including, but not limited to, earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes, tornadoes , and stronger and longer-lasting weather patterns, and their consequences and effects have, in the past, temporarily disrupted our business operations both in the United States and abroad. These events could cause some of the Company s operations to suffer from supply chain disruptions and potential delays in fulfilling customer orders or order cancellations altogether, lost business and sales, changing costs or availability of insurance, and/or property damage or harm to our people, each and all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition and results of operations. Increasing scrutiny and expectations regarding ESG matters could result in additional costs or risks or otherwise adversely impact our business. Companies across industries are facing increasing scrutiny from a variety of stakeholders related to their ESG and sustainability practices. Expectations regarding voluntary and potential mandatory ESG initiatives and disclosures may result in increased costs, changes in demand for certain products, enhanced compliance or disclosure obligations, or other adverse impacts to our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, an inability to receive or maintain favorable ESG ratings could negatively impact our reputation or impede our ability to compete as effectively to attract and retain employees or customers, which may adversely impact our operations. Unfavorable ESG ratings could also lead to increased negative investor sentiment towards us or our industry, which could negatively impact the share price of our Common Stock as well as our access to and cost of capital. Our international operations require us to comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various foreign jurisdictions, and our business reputation and financial results may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, customers, suppliers, distributors or any other business partners. Doing business on a worldwide basis requires us and our subsidiaries to comply with the laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various foreign jurisdictions, and our failure to comply with these rules and regulations may expose us to significant liabilities. These laws and regulations may apply to companies, individual directors, officers, employees, subcontractors and agents, and may restrict our operations, trade practices, investment decisions and partnering activities. In particular, our international operations are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended FCPA ). As part of our business, we deal with state-owned business enterprises, the employees and representatives of which may be considered foreign officials for purposes of the FCPA. In addition, some of the foreign locations in which we operate lack a developed legal system and have elevated levels of corruption. As a result of the above activities, we are exposed to the risk of violating U.S. and foreign anti-corruption laws. There can be no assurance that our policies and procedures designed for complying with applicable U.S. and international laws and regulations will be effective in preventing our directors, officers, employees, subcontractors and agents from taking actions that violate these legal requirements. Violations of these legal requirements could subject us to criminal fines and imprisonment, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, injunctions, debarment from government contracts and other remedial measures. In addition, any actual or alleged violations could disrupt our operations, cause reputational harm, involve significant management distraction and result in a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 The Company s results can be positively or negatively affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company conducts business in many foreign currencies through its worldwide operations, and as a result is subject to foreign exchange exposure due to changes in exchange rates of the various currencies, including possible foreign currency restrictions and/or devaluations. Changes in exchange rates can positively or negatively affect the Company s sales, operating margins and equity. There can be no assurance that any or all actions taken by the Company to mitigate currency risk, such as locating factories in the same country or region in which products are sold, hedging contracts, cost reduction and pricing actions or working capital management, will be fully effective in successfully managing currency risk. A significant and sudden decline in the value of any of the foreign currencies of the Company s worldwide operations could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Company is dependent on attracting, recruiting, hiring and retaining skilled employees, including our various management teams. Our performance is dependent on our ability to attract, recruit, hire and retain skilled personnel, including our executive and core management teams. Given the current inflationary wage environment and strong demand for skilled labor in many of the countries and regions in which we operate, the ability to identify and attract new talent, as well as retain existing talent, may prove to be difficult. It is possible that the current labor market could have an adverse effect on our ability to attract, recruit, hire and retain skilled employees, which in turn, could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our business could also be adversely impacted by the ongoing increases in labor costs, including wages and benefits. RISKS RELATED TO OUR END MARKETS The Company encounters competition in substantially all areas of our business. The Company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service and delivery time. Competitors include large, diversified companies, some of which have greater assets and financial resources than the Company, as well as medium- to small-sized companies. Rapid technological changes could also lead to the entry of new competitors of various sizes against whom we may not be able to successfully compete. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to compete successfully against existing or new competition, and the inability to do so may result in price reductions, reduced margins, or loss of market share, any of which could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company is dependent on end market dynamics to sell its products, particularly in the communications, automotive and military end markets. The Company is dependent on end market dynamics to sell its products, and our operating results could be adversely affected by cyclical and reduced demand in any of these markets. Approximately 42 of the Company s 2022 net sales came from sales to the communications industry. Demand for products in these markets is generally subject to rapid technological change and/or capital spending by operators for constructing, rebuilding or upgrading their systems, all of which could be affected by a variety of factors, including general economic conditions, consolidation within the industry, the financial condition of operators and their access to financing, competition, technological developments, new legislation and regulation. Approximately 21 of the Company s net sales came from the automotive industry. The automotive industry has historically experienced significant downturns during periods of deteriorating global or regional economic or credit conditions. The communications and automotive end markets are also dominated by large customers that regularly exert price pressures on their suppliers, including the Company. Approximately 9 of the Company s net sales came from sales to the military end market. Accordingly, the Company s sales are affected by changes in the defense budgets of the U.S. and foreign governments, which are subject to political and budgetary fluctuations and constraints. Periodic downturns in any of our customers end markets can significantly reduce demand for certain of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 RISKS RELATED TO ACQUISITIONS The Company has at times experienced difficulties and unanticipated expenses in connection with purchasing and integrating newly acquired businesses. The Company has completed a number of acquisitions in recent years, including two in 2022. The Company anticipates that it will continue to pursue acquisition opportunities as part of its growth strategy. From time to time, the Company experiences difficulty and unanticipated expenses associated with purchasing and integrating acquisitions, and acquisitions do not always perform and deliver the financial benefits expected. The Company has also experienced challenges at times following the acquisition of a new company or business, including, but not limited to, managing the operations, manufacturing facilities and technology; maintaining and increasing the customer base; or retaining key employees, suppliers and distributors. In certain limited cases, the Company has pursued indemnification claims against seller(s) of an acquired business for pre-acquisition liabilities, breaches of representations, warranties or covenants or for other reasons provided for in the relevant acquisition agreement. To the extent we pursue indemnification claims against the seller(s) of any acquired business, such seller(s) may successfully contest such claims and/or may not have the financial capacity to compensate us for such claims or such claims may otherwise be difficult or impractical to enforce. We cannot predict or guarantee whether and to what extent anticipated cost savings, benefits, margin improvements and growth prospects will be achieved from recent or future acquisitions. The Company may in the future incur goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges. On December 31, 2022, the total assets of the Company were 15.3 billion, which included 6.4 billion of goodwill (the excess of fair value of consideration paid over the fair value of net identifiable assets of businesses acquired) and 734.1 million of other intangible assets, net. The Company performs annual evaluations (or more frequently, if necessary) for the potential impairment of the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets. Such evaluations to date have not resulted in the need to recognize an impairment. However, if the financial performance of the Company s businesses were to decline significantly, the Company could incur a material non-cash charge to its income statement for the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets. Furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that impairment charges in the future will not be required if the expected cash flow estimates as projected by management do not occur, especially if an economic recession occurs and continues for a lengthy period or becomes severe, or if acquisitions and investments made by the Company fail to achieve expected returns. RISKS RELATED TO OUR LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES The Company s credit agreements and senior notes contain certain requirements, which if breached, could have a material adverse effect on the Company. The second amended and restated credit agreement that governs our 2.5 billion unsecured credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), which also backstops the Company s U.S. commercial paper program U.S. Commercial Paper Program and Euro commercial paper program Euro Commercial Paper Program ), contains financial and other covenants, such as a limit on the ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, a limit on priority indebtedness and limits on incurrence of liens. The Company also has similar financial and other covenants associated with its two-year, 750.0 million unsecured delayed draw term loan credit agreement (the 2022 Term Loan entered into in April 2022. In addition, the ability to meet the financial covenants can be affected by events beyond the Company s control, and the Company cannot provide assurance that it will meet those tests. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the Revolving Credit Facility and the 2022 Term Loan. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Revolving Credit Facility or the 2022 Term Loan, the lenders could terminate all commitments to extend further credit and elect to declare amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable which could result in the acceleration of certain of the Company s other indebtedness and the Company not having sufficient assets to repay the Revolving Credit Facility, the 2022 Term Loan and such other indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 632.8 million of outstanding borrowings under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program, and no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, 2022 Term Loan and Euro Commercial Paper Program. In addition to these credit agreements, the Company s various senior notes also impose certain obligations on the Company and prohibit various actions by the Company unless it satisfies certain financial requirements. While the Company is compliant with all such requirements as of December 31, 2022, there can be no assurance that the Company will remain in compliance with such requirements. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 The Company relies on the global capital markets, and an inability to access those markets on favorable terms could adversely affect the Company s results. The Company has used the global capital markets to invest in its business and make strategic acquisitions. If general economic and capital market conditions deteriorate significantly, it could impact the Company s ability to access the capital markets. The capital and credit markets have experienced significant volatility in the past. Market conditions could make it more difficult to access capital to finance capital investments, acquisitions and other initiatives including dividends and share repurchases, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, if the credit rating agencies that rate the Company s debt were to downgrade the Company s credit rating, it would likely increase the Company s cost of capital and make it more difficult for the Company to obtain new financing and access capital markets, which could also have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The Company s results may be negatively affected by changing interest rates . The Company is subject to interest rate volatility with regard to existing and future issuances of debt. The Company monitors its mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt, as well as its mix of short-term and long-term debt. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 640 million, or 14 , of the Company s outstanding borrowings were subject to floating interest rates, primarily from borrowings under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program. As a result of recent increases in the federal funds rate by the U.S. Federal Reserve, t he floating interest rates related to our U.S. Commercial Paper Program increased substantially over the course of 2022, a trend that could continue throughout 2023. C onsequently, the Company currently expects the floating interest rates related to its U.S. Commercial Paper Program (as well as its Revolving Credit Facility and 2022 Term Loan, to the extent either are drawn upon in the future) to continue to increase in the first quarter of 2023 and potentially beyond, which is expected to result in increased interest expense in 2023 as compared to 2022 . There can be no assurance that interest rates will not change significantly from current levels. RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL AND REGULATORY MATTERS Our business and financial results may be adversely affected by government contracting risks. We are subject to various laws and regulations applicable to parties doing business with the U.S. and other governments, including laws and regulations governing reporting obligations, interactions with government officials, performance of government contracts, the use and treatment of government furnished property and the nature of materials used in our products. We may be unilaterally suspended or barred from conducting business with the U.S. and other foreign governments or their suppliers (both directly and indirectly), or become subject to fines or other sanctions if we are found to have violated such laws or regulations. As a result of the need to comply with these laws and regulations, we are subject to increased risks of governmental investigations, civil fraud actions, criminal prosecutions, whistleblower lawsuits and other enforcement actions. For example, in August 2018, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Department of Defense, Office of the Inspector General, requesting documents from certain of the Company s Military and Aerospace businesses pertaining to certain products that are purchased or used by the U.S. government. In connection with this investigation, during the third quarter of 2022, in a meeting with representatives of the U.S. government, it was alleged that the Company likely violated various provisions of federal law, including violations under the civil False Claims Act, as discussed more fully in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The U.S. laws and regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, Export Administration Regulations, the Federal Acquisition Regulation, the False Claims Act, International Traffic in Arms Regulations, regulations from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms and the FCPA. We are subject to a wide range of similar laws and regulations in other countries throughout the world. Failure, or the perceived failure, to comply with applicable requirements also could harm our reputation and our ability to compete for future government contracts or sell commercial equivalent products. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. In addition, U.S. government contracts are subject to modification, curtailment or termination by the U.S. government without prior written notice, either for convenience or for default as a result of our failure to perform under the applicable contract. If our contracts are terminated by the U.S. government as a result of our default, we could be liable for additional costs the U.S. government incurs in acquiring undelivered goods or services from another source and any other damages it suffers. Furthermore, the U.S. government periodically audits our governmental contract costs, 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 which could result in fines, penalties or adjustment of costs and prices under the contracts. Any such fines, penalties or payment adjustments resulting from such audits could adversely affect our reputation, business, operations, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. The Company must comply with complex U.S. governmental export and import controls as well as economic sanctions and trade embargoes. Certain of our products, including purchased components of such products, are subject to U.S. and non-U.S. export control laws and regulations, and may be exported only with the required export license or through an export license exception. In addition, we are required to comply with certain U.S. and non-U.S. economic sanctions and trade embargoes that restrict our ability to transact or deal with certain persons, countries, regions, and governments. These laws and regulations are complex, may change frequently and with limited notice, have generally become more stringent over time and have intensified under recent U.S. administrations, especially in light of recent tensions with China. For example, in 2019, the U.S. government added certain of the Company s customers based in China to the Entity List maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, which imposes additional restrictions on sales to such customers. Further, in 2022, the U.S. Commerce Department s Bureau of Industry Security released new export control regulations that restrict the provision to China of certain technology, software, manufacturing equipment and commodities that are used to make certain advanced computing integrated circuits ICs and supercomputers. These changes include new restrictions on the ability of U.S. companies to provide certain services to any facility in China that manufactures certain advanced ICs. Although, to date, none of such restrictions have had a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations, the U.S. government has the power to place even greater restrictions, and such restrictions could further limit or prohibit the Company from selling its products or providing its services. In addition, we cannot ensure that our policies and procedures designed to maintain compliance with applicable rules and regulations will be effective in preventing instances of non-compliance. If we were to fail to comply with applicable export control restrictions (for example, by failing to obtain required export licensing), customs regulations, economic sanctions and other laws, we could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including fines, the incarceration of responsible employees and managers, reputational harm, and the possible loss of export or import privileges. In addition, if our distributors fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or permits, we may also be adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties. Obtaining the necessary export license for a particular sale may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. Changes in fiscal and tax policies, audits and examinations by taxing authorities could impact the Company s results. The Company is subject to tax in the U.S. and in numerous foreign jurisdictions. The Company is currently under tax examination in several jurisdictions, and, in addition, new examinations could be initiated by additional tax authorities. As the Company has operations in jurisdictions throughout the world, the risk of tax examinations will continue to occur. The Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows may be materially impacted by the results of these tax examinations. On August 16, 2022, the President of the United States signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ), a tax and spending package that introduces several tax-related provisions, including a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on certain large corporations and a 1 excise tax on certain corporate stock repurchases. Companies will be required to reassess their valuation allowances for certain affected deferred tax assets in the period of enactment but will not need to remeasure deferred tax balances for the related tax accounting implications of the CAMT. The impact of these provisions, which became effective for Amphenol beginning on January 1, 2023, is dependent on several factors, including interpretive regulatory guidance, which has not yet been released. Any future changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting standards for income taxes and/or other tax guidance, including related interpretations associated with the IRA or otherwise, could materially impact the Company s current and non-current tax liabilities, along with deferred tax assets and liabilities, and consequently, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We may experience difficulties in enforcing our intellectual property rights, which could result in loss of market share, and we may be subject to claims of infringement of the intellectual property rights of others. We rely on patent and trade secret laws, copyright, trademark, confidentiality procedures, controls and contractual commitments to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our efforts, these protections may be limited and, from time to time, we encounter difficulties in protecting our intellectual property rights, particularly in certain countries 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 outside the U.S. We cannot provide assurance that the patents that we hold or may obtain will provide meaningful protection against our competitors. Changes in laws concerning intellectual property, or the enforcement of such laws, may affect our ability to prevent or address the misappropriation of, or the unauthorized use of, our intellectual property, potentially resulting in loss of market share. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights. Litigation is inherently uncertain and outcomes are unpredictable. If we cannot protect our intellectual property rights against unauthorized copying or use, or other misappropriation, we may not remain competitive. The intellectual property rights of others could inhibit our ability to introduce new products. Other companies hold patents on technologies used in our industries and are aggressively seeking to expand, enforce and license their patent portfolios. We periodically receive notices from, or have lawsuits filed against us by, third parties claiming infringement, misappropriation or other misuse of their intellectual property rights and/or breach of our agreements with them. These third parties may include entities that do not have the capabilities to design, manufacture, or distribute products or that acquire intellectual property like patents for the sole purpose of monetizing their acquired intellectual property through asserting claims of infringement and misuse. In addition, some foreign competitors may take advantage of the intellectual property laws in their home countries and the more favorable litigation and regulatory environment to our detriment. Third-party claims of infringement may result in loss of revenue, substantial costs or lead to monetary damages or injunctive relief against us. The Company is subject to customer claims, litigation and other regulatory or legal proceedings. The Company is currently engaged in, or subject to, various customer claims, litigation and other regulatory and legal matters and may be subject to additional claims, litigation and other regulatory or legal proceedings in the future. Such matters expose the Company to risks that could be material, including, but not limited to, risks related to employment disputes, tax controversies, government investigations, intellectual property infringement, compliance with environmental laws, unfair sales practices, product safety and liability, and product warranty, indemnity and other contract-related claims. These matters may subject the Company to lawsuits, voluntary or forced product recalls, government investigations and criminal liability, including claims for compensatory, punitive or consequential damages, and could result in disruptions to our business and significant legal expense s. These matters could also damage our reputation, harm our relationships with customers or negatively affect product demand. While the Company does maintain certain insurance coverages that may mitigate losses associated with some of these types of claims and proceedings, the policies may not apply and, where insurance exists, the amount of insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover the total claims and liabilities. In some cases, particularly with respect to product warranty claims from customers, we self-insure against this risk, meaning that any product liability claims will likely have to be paid from Company funds and not by insurance. Any current or future substantial liabilities or regulatory actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and reputation. The Company is subject to environmental laws and regulations that could adversely affect our business. The Company operates in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, and we must comply with locally enacted laws and regulations addressing health, safety and environmental matters in such jurisdictions in which we manufacture and/or sell our products. Certain operations of the Company are subject to locally enacted environmental laws and regulations that govern the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, as well as the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. The Company and its operations may be subject to liabilities, regardless of fault, for investigative and/or remediation efforts on such matters that may arise at any of the Company s former or current properties, either owned or leased. For example, as disclosed in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company was named as one of several defendants in four separate lawsuits filed in the State of Indiana relating to a manufacturing site in Franklin, Indiana where the Company has been conducting an environmental clean-up effort under the direction of the United States Environmental Protection Agency. All the costs incurred by the Company relating to these lawsuits as well as all costs associated with the clean-up effort at the manufacturing site have been reimbursed by the former owner pursuant to an indemnification agreement entered into in connection with the acquisition of the manufacturing site as part of a larger acquisition that led to the establishment of the Company s business in 1987. Environmental liabilities can result from the use of hazardous materials in production, the disposal of products, damages associated with the use of any of our products or other related matters. We cannot be certain as to the potential impact of any changes to environmental conditions or environmental policies that may arise in any of our jurisdictions. Our failure to comply with these local environmental laws and regulations could result in fines or other 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 punitive damages and/or modifications to our production processes as well as subject us to reputational harm, any of which could adversely impact our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The Company is subject to, and may continue to be subject to, incremental costs, risks and regulations associated with efforts to combat the negative effects of climate change. There is increased public awareness regarding climate change. This increased focus has led to international treaties and agreements and legislative and regulatory efforts. In addition to the risks discussed under the risk factors titled The Company may be negatively impacted by extreme weather conditions and natural catastrophic events, including those caused or intensified by climate change and global warming and Increasing scrutiny and expectations regarding ESG matters could result in additional costs or risks or otherwise adversely impact our business , the Company may also be subject to larger, global climate change initiatives, laws, regulations or orders, such as any laws or regulations to implement the Paris Climate Agreement, which seek to reduce greenhouse gas GHG emissions. In addition to government requirements, our customers are also increasingly imposing climate-related requirements on their suppliers, including us. Any failure, or perceived failure, to comply with these requirements may result in reduced demand for our products, reputational harm, or other adverse impacts to our business. Given our global manufacturing presence, any future regulations relating to GHG emissions and/or other climate change-related laws and regulations, beyond initiatives already in process at the Company, could subject us to additional and/or unforeseen compliance costs and limitations, increased energy and raw material costs and incremental capital expenditure requirements. In addition, there may be additional mandatory climate-related reporting obligations, and potentially GHG emissions reduction requirements, which would likely result in increased corporate- and operational general and administrative efforts and associated costs and expenses. Any future regulatory changes in any of the countries in which we operate could result in transition risks to the Company, including, but not limited to: (i) the nature and timing of any requirement to lower GHG emissions and adopt more energy-efficient energy use, which could result in changes or disruptions to the way the Company operates, (ii) financial risks where the compliance with such regulations requires unforeseen capital expenditures and becomes costly or financially burdensome, (iii) legal risks associated with the failure to adapt to or comply with future climate change-related regulations, (iv) risks of climate litigation associated with our disclosures and/or operations; (v) risks associated with the implementation of any new technologies required to comply with such regulations, which could impede our ability to innovate new products, meet customer and market demand or compete on pricing and quality in the market, and/or (vi) reputational risks associated with our customers and investors perceptions of the Company and their preferences for maintaining relationships with companies with lower emissions, all of which could harm our reputation in the marketplace. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Properties The Company s fixed assets include factories and warehouses and a substantial quantity of machinery and equipment. The Company s factories, warehouses and machinery and equipment are generally in good operating condition, are reasonably maintained and substantially all of its facilities are in regular use. The Company considers the present level of fixed assets along with planned capital expenditures as suitable and adequate for operations in the current business environment. At December 31, 2022, the Company operated approximately 240 manufacturing facilities with approximately 24.0 million square feet, of which approximately 17.0 million square feet were leased. Manufacturing facilities located in the U.S. had approximately 4.0 million square feet, of which approximately 2.0 million square feet were leased. Manufacturing facilities located outside the U.S. had approximately 20.0 million square feet, of which approximately 15.0 million square feet were leased. The square footage by segment related to our manufacturing facilities was approximately 7.0 million square feet, 10.0 million square feet and 7.0 million square feet for the Harsh Environment Solutions segment, Communications Solutions segment, and Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment, respectively. The Company believes that its facilities are suitable and adequate for its business and are being appropriately utilized for their intended purposes. Utilization of the facilities varies based on demand for the relevant products. The Company regularly reviews its anticipated requirements for facilities and, based on that review, may from time to time acquire or lease additional facilities and/or dispose of existing facilities. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Information required with respect to legal proceedings in this Part I, Item 3 is included in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information The Company effected the initial public offering of its Class A Common Stock Common Stock in November 1991. The Company s Common Stock has been listed on the New York Stock Exchange since that time under the ticker symbol APH . As of January 31, 2023, there were 32 holders of record of the Company s Common Stock. A significant number of outstanding shares of Common Stock are registered in the name of only one holder, which is a nominee of The Depository Trust Company, a securities depository for banks and brokerage firms. The Company believes that there are a significant number of beneficial owners of its Common Stock. Stock Performance Graph The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return of Amphenol over a period of five years ending December 31, 2022 with the performance of the Standard Poor s 500 S P 500 Stock Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Electrical Components Equipment Index. This graph assumes that 100 was invested in our Common Stock and each index on December 31, 2017, reflects reinvested dividends, and is weighted on a market capitalization basis as of the beginning of each year. Each reported data point below represents the last trading day of each calendar year. The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance. Dividends Contingent upon declaration by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), the Company pays a quarterly dividend on shares of its Common Stock. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth the dividends declared per common share for each quarter of 2022 and 2021: 

2022 2021 First Quarter 0.20 0.145 Second Quarter 0.20 0.145 Third Quarter 0.20 0.145 Fourth Quarter 0.21 0.20 Total 0.81 0.635 Dividends declared and paid for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions) were as follows: 

2022 2021 Dividends declared 482.6 379.7 Dividends paid (including those declared in the prior year) 477.4 346.7 Amphenol has a history of paying quarterly cash dividends. While the Company currently expects a cash dividend to be paid in the future, future dividend payments remain within the discretion of the Board and are dependent on our financial results, liquidity, capital requirements, financial condition, compliance with financial covenants and requirements, and other factors considered relevant by the Board. Repurchase of Equity Securities On April 27, 2021, the Board authorized a stock repurchase program under which the Company may purchase up to 2.0 billion of Common Stock during the three-year period ending April 27, 2024 (the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). During the three months and year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 2.3 million and 9.9 million shares of its Common Stock for 170.4 million and 730.5 million, respectively, under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program. Of the total repurchases made in 2022 under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program, 9.3 million shares, or 689.7 million, have been retired by the Company, with the remainder of the repurchased shares being retained in Treasury stock at the time of repurchase. From January 1, 2023 through January 31, 2023, the Company repurchased 0.6 million additional shares of its Common Stock for 48.8 million, and, as of February 1, 2023, the Company has remaining authorization to purchase up to 762.8 million of its Common Stock under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program . The price and timing of any future purchases will depend on a number of factors, such as levels of cash generation from operations, the volume of stock options exercised by employees, cash requirements for acquisitions, dividends paid, economic and market conditions and the price of the Common Stock. The Company s stock repurchases during the three months and year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

(dollars in millions, except price per share) Total Number of Shares Maximum Dollar Value Total Number Average Purchased as Part of of Shares that May Yet be of Shares Price Paid Publicly Announced Purchased Under the Period Purchased per Share Plans or Programs Plans or Programs First Quarter 2022 2,627,497 77.62 2,627,497 1,338.1 Second Quarter 2022 2,662,651 69.85 2,662,651 1,152.2 Third Quarter 2022 2,355,646 72.21 2,355,646 982.1 Fourth Quarter 2022: October 1 to October 31, 2022 738,500 70.08 738,500 930.3 November 1 to November 30, 2022 810,218 77.74 810,218 867.3 December 1 to December 31, 2022 711,424 78.30 711,424 811.6 2,260,142 75.41 2,260,142 Total 2022 9,905,936 73.74 9,905,936 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (amounts in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise noted) The following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 has been derived from and should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, herein for Amphenol Corporation (together with its subsidiaries, Amphenol, the Company, we, our, or us ). The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in U.S. dollars, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP or GAAP ). Any references to the Company s results in this Item 7 are specifically to our continuing operations only and exclude discontinued operations, unless otherwise noted. The following discussion and analysis also includes references to certain non-GAAP financial measures, which are defined in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below, including Constant Currency Net Sales Growth and Organic Net Sales Growth . For purposes of the following discussion, the terms constant currencies and organically have the same meaning, respectively, as these aforementioned non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures within this Item 7 for more information, including our reasons for including non-GAAP financial measures and material limitations with respect to the usefulness of the measures. In addition to historical information, the following discussion and analysis also contains certain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risk factors described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein, as well as the risks and uncertainties that exist with the use of forward-looking statements as described in the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements section included herein at the beginning of this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report ). Overview General Amphenol is one of the world s largest designers, manufacturers and marketers of electrical, electronic and fiber optic connectors and interconnect systems, antennas, sensors and sensor-based products and coaxial and high-speed specialty cable. In 2022, approximately 67 of the Company s sales were outside the United States. The primary end markets for our products are: information technology and communication devices and systems for the converging technologies of voice, video and data communications; a broad range of industrial applications and traditional, hybrid and electric automotive applications; and military and commercial aerospace applications. The Company s products are used in a wide variety of applications by a broad array of customers around the world. The Company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service and delivery time. For many years, customers have generally been consolidating their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain technical, quality, delivery and other standards while maintaining geographic flexibility and competitive prices. The Company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. The Company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage, as it allows the Company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers, while at the same time offering a level of resiliency and diversification against local risks and challenges that may emerge in any single geography. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Reportable Business Segments Effective January 1, 2022, the Company aligned its businesses into the following three newly formed reportable business segments: Harsh Environment Solutions the Harsh Environment Solutions segment designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of ruggedized interconnect products, including connectors and interconnect systems, printed circuits and printed circuit assemblies and other products for use in the industrial, military, commercial aerospace, automotive, mobile networks and information technology and data communications end markets. Communications Solutions the Communications Solutions segment designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of connector and interconnect systems, including high speed, radio frequency, power, fiber optic and other products, together with antennas, for use in the information technology and data communications, mobile devices, industrial, mobile networks, broadband communications, automotive, commercial aerospace and military end markets. Interconnect and Sensor Systems the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of sensors, sensor-based systems, connectors and value-add interconnect systems used in the automotive, industrial, information technology and data communications, mobile networks, military and commercial aerospace end markets. This new alignment replaced our historic reportable business segments. All businesses previously reported in the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment have been aligned with one o f the three newly formed segments. All businesses previously reported in the Cable Products and Solutions segment have been aligned with our newly formed Communications Solutions segment. This new alignment reinforces the Company s entrepreneurial culture and the clear accountability of each of our business unit general managers, while enhancing the scalability of Amphenol s business for the future. The Company began reporting under its new reportable segments in connection with its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022 and for each quarterly period thereafter. T hroughout this Annual Report, the Company is reporting under the new reportable segments structure, which includes the recasting of relevant segment information for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, in order to enable year-over-year segment comparisons . F or further details related to the Company s change in its reportable business segments effective January 1, 2022, refer to Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements herein. Strategy The Company s strategy is to provide our customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of quality and service on a worldwide basis, while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The Company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The Company is also focused on controlling costs. The Company does this by investing in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes and expanding into lower cost areas. The Company s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing the following success factors: Pursue broad market diversification; Develop high-technology performance-enhancing solutions; Expand global presence; Control costs; Pursue strategic acquisitions and investments; and Foster collaborative, entrepreneurial management. In 2022 , the Company reported net sales, operating income and net income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation of 12,623.0, 2,585.8 and 1,902.3, respectively, representing an increase of 16 , 23 and 21 , respectively, from 2021. In 2022, the Company s net income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation was impacted by (a) excess tax benefits of 56.0 related to stock-based compensation resulting from stock option exercises, partially offset by (b) acquisition-related expenses of 21.5 18.4 after-tax) comprised primarily of the amortization related to the value associated with acquired backlog resulting from two acquisitions that closed in 2022, 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 along with external transaction costs . In 2021, the Company s net income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation was impacted by (a) excess tax benefits of 63.4 related to stock-based compensation resulting from stock option exercises and (b) a discrete tax benefit of 14.9 related to the settlement of uncertain tax positions in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, partially offset by (c) acquisition-related expenses of 70.4 57.3 after-tax) comprised primarily of transaction, severance, restructuring and certain non-cash purchase accounting costs related to the acquisition of MTS Systems Corporation MTS in the second quarter of 2021 and external transaction costs and certain non-cash purchase accounting costs related to the acquisition of Halo Technology Limited Halo in the fourth quarter of 2021. Excluding the effects of these items, Adjusted Operating Income and Adjusted Net Income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation, each as defined in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below and reconciled within this Part II, Item 7, increased by 20 and 20 , respectively, in 2022 compared to 2021. Sales and profitability trends are discussed in detail in Results of Operations below. In addition, a strength of the Company has been its ability to consistently generate net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations Operating Cash Flow ). The Company uses Operating Cash Flow to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock Common Stock ), pay dividends and reduce indebtedness. In 2022, the Company generated Operating Cash Flow of 2,174.6 and Free Cash Flow of 1,796.4. Free Cash Flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, is defined in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below and reconciled within this Part II, Item 7. Impact of COVID-19 on our Business, Operations, Financial Condition, Liquidity and Results of Operations Since early 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted our offices and manufacturing facilities around the world, as well as the facilities of our suppliers, customers and our customers contract manufacturers. These disruptions have included, and may continue to include, government regulations that inhibit our ability to operate certain of our facilities in the ordinary course, travel restrictions, supplier constraints, supply chain interruptions, logistics challenges and limitations, labor disruptions and reduced demand from certain customers. During much of 2022, COVID-19 outbreaks in China resulted in local or regional government-imposed lockdowns and restrictions, which impacted the ability of several of our operations and manufacturing facilities to operate in the ordinary course. As of December 31, 2022, there continue to be isolated COVID-19 outbreaks in certain regions of the world, particularly in China, but these outbreaks have not had a significant impact on our operations. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations in 2023 and beyond remains uncertain and unpredictable. For further discussion on the risks and uncertainties associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 On August 16, 2022, the President of the United States signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ), a tax and spending package that introduces several tax-related provisions, including a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on certain large corporations and a 1 excise tax on certain corporate stock repurchases. Companies will be required to reassess their valuation allowances for certain affected deferred tax assets in the period of enactment but will not need to remeasure deferred tax balances for the related tax accounting implications of the CAMT. The impact of these provisions, which became effective for Amphenol beginning on January 1, 2023, is dependent on several factors, including interpretive regulatory guidance, which has not yet been released. The Company has reviewed and assessed the provisions of the IRA, including several other non-tax related provisions, and the Company does not currently believe that the IRA will have a material impact on its financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations The following table sets forth the components of net income attributable to Amphenol Corporation as a percentage of net sales for the years indicated. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales 68.1 68.7 69.0 Acquisition-related expenses 0.2 0.6 0.1 Selling, general and administrative expenses 11.3 11.3 11.8 Operating income 20.5 19.4 19.1 Interest expense (1.0) (1.1) (1.3) Other income (expense), net 0.1 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 19.5 18.3 17.8 Provision for income taxes (4.4) (3.8) (3.7) Net income from continuing operations 15.2 14.5 14.1 Net income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) Net income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation 15.1 14.4 14.0 Income from discontinued operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation 0.2 Net income attributable to Amphenol Corporation 15.1 14.6 14.0 

 Note: Percentages in this table were calculated using actual, unrounded results; therefore, the sum of the components may not add due to rounding. 2022 Compared to 2021 Net sales were 12,623.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 10,876.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which represented an increase of 16 in U.S. dollars, 19 in constant currencies and 15 organically (excluding both currency and acquisition impacts) over the prior year. The increase in net sales in 2022 was driven by robust growth across all three reportable business segments, as described below. From a market standpoint, the increase in net sales was driven by robust organic growth across most end markets, including the automotive, informational technology and data communications, industrial, broadband communications and commercial aerospace markets, moderate organic growth in the military, mobile networks and mobile devices markets, and contributions from the Company s acquisition program. Net sales to the automotive market increased (approximately 470.1), reflecting broad-based growth across our global automotive market, including the Company s strength in next-generation electronics, in particular electric and hybrid drive trains, power management, infotainment communications, antenna and antenna assemblies, charging stations, and safety and security systems. Net sales to the information technology and data communications market increased (approximately 414.6), as we continue to benefit from our strong technology solutions and leading position across a broad array of applications as customers continue to support higher demand for increased bandwidth and cloud storage, along with contributions from acquisitions. Net sales to the industrial market increased (approximately 399.7), with broad-based growth across nearly all market segments of the global industrial market, with particular strength in e-mobility applications primarily in heavy and commercial vehicles, along with strong growth in factory automation, alternative energy, medical, and transportation applications, as well as contributions from acquisitions. Net sales to the broadband communications market increased (approximately 241.2), driven by increased overall demand from broadband service operators related to data network upgrades and expansions, along with contributions from acquisitions. Net sales to the commercial aerospace market increased (approximately 85.6), primarily due to the continued recovery in travel and demand for aircraft, along with contributions from acquisitions. Net sales to the military market increased (approximately 47.9), driven by strength in space-related applications, unmanned aerial vehicles, ground vehicles, and avionics, as well as contributions from acquisitions. Net sales to the mobile networks market increased (approximately 46.4), driven by a continued recovery in demand from mobile networks equipment manufacturers and mobile operators, along with contributions from acquisitions. Net sales to the mobile devices market increased (approximately 41.2), driven by growth in products incorporated into smartphones and wearable devices, partially offset by moderations in sales of tablets, hearable devices and laptops. Net sales in the Harsh Environment Solutions segment (approximately 25 of net sales) increased 13 in U.S. dollars, 16 in constant currencies and 15 organically, in 2022, compared to 2021. The sales growth in 2022 was driven by strong organic growth in the industrial, automotive and commercial aerospace markets, and moderate organic growth in the military, mobile networks and information technology and data communications markets, along with contributions from the Company s acquisition program. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Net sales in the Communications Solutions segment (approximately 45 of net sales) increased 17 in U.S. dollars, 19 in constant currencies and 13 organically, in 2022, compared to 2021. The sales growth in 2022 was driven by strong organic growth across several end markets, in particular the information technology and data communications, broadband communications and automotive markets, and moderate organic growth in the mobile devices, industrial and mobile networks markets, along with contributions from the Company s acquisition program. Net sales in the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment (approximately 30 of net sales) increased 17 in U.S. dollars, 23 in constant currencies and 18 organically, in 2022, compared to 2021. The sales growth in 2022 was driven primarily by strong organic growth in the automotive, industrial, information technology and data communications, military and commercial aerospace markets, along with contributions from the Company s acquisition program, partially offset by a moderate decline in the mobile networks market. The table below reconciles Constant Currency Net Sales Growth and Organic Net Sales Growth to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures, by segment, geography and consolidated, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021: Percentage Growth (relative to prior year) (1) Net sales Foreign Constant Organic growth in currency Currency Net Acquisition Net Sales U.S. Dollars (2) impact (3) Sales Growth (4) impact (5) Growth (4) Net sales by: 2022 2021 (GAAP) (non-GAAP) (non-GAAP) (non-GAAP) (non-GAAP) Segment: Harsh Environment Solutions 3,107.2 2,752.2 13 (4) 16 2 15 Communications Solutions 5,652.4 4,832.1 17 (2) 19 5 13 Interconnect and Sensor Systems 3,863.4 3,292.0 17 (5) 23 5 18 Consolidated 12,623.0 10,876.3 16 (3) 19 4 15 Geography (6) : United States 4,155.2 3,155.9 32 32 9 23 Foreign 8,467.8 7,720.4 10 (4) 14 2 12 Consolidated 12,623.0 10,876.3 16 (3) 19 4 15 

 (1) Percentages in this table were calculated using actual, unrounded results; therefore, the sum of the components may not add due to rounding. (2) Net sales growth in U.S. dollars is calculated based on Net sales as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. While the term net sales growth in U.S. dollars is not considered a U.S. GAAP financial measure, for purposes of this table, we derive the reported (GAAP) measure based on GAAP results, which serves as the basis for the reconciliation to its comparable non-GAAP financial measures. (3) Foreign currency translation impact, a non-GAAP measure, represents the percentage impact on net sales resulting from foreign currency exchange rate changes in the current reporting year compared to the prior reporting year. Such amount is calculated by subtracting current year net sales translated at average foreign currency exchange rates for the prior year from current year net sales, taken as a percentage of the prior year s net sales. (4) Constant Currency Net Sales Growth and Organic Net Sales Growth are non-GAAP financial measures as defined in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this Item 7. (5) Acquisition impact, a non-GAAP measure, represents the percentage impact on net sales resulting from acquisitions that have not been included in the Company s consolidated results for the full current year and/or prior comparable year presented. Such net sales related to these acquisitions do not reflect the underlying growth of the Company on a comparative basis. Acquisition impact is calculated as a percentage of the respective prior year period(s) net sales. (6) Net sales by geographic area are based on the customer location to which the product is shipped. The increase in foreign net sales in 2022 compared to 2021 was driven by strong growth in both Europe and Asia. The comparatively stronger U.S. dollar in 2022 had the effect of decreasing sales by approximately 359.8, compared to 2021. Selling, general and administrative expenses were 1,420.9, or 11.3 of net sales for 2022, compared to 1,226.3, or 11.3 of net sales for 2021. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales in 2022 remained flat as the leverage on the higher sales volumes during the year was offset by the MTS Sensors business, acquired in early 2021, having higher selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales compared to the average of the Company. Administrative expenses increased 90.6 in 2022, and represented approximately 4.6 of net sales in 2022 and 4.5 of net sales in 2021. Research and development expenses increased 5.9 in 2022 primarily related to increases in expenses for new product development, and represented approximately 2.6 of net sales in 2022 and 2.9 of net sales in 2021. Selling and marketing expenses increased 98.1 in 2022 compared to 2021, and represented approximately 4.1 of net sales in 2022 and 3.8 of net sales in 2021. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Operating income was 2,585.8, or 20.5 of net sales in 2022, compared to 2,105.1, or 19.4 of net sales in 2021. Operating income in 2022 included acquisition-related expenses of 21.5, comprised primarily of the amortization related to the value associated with acquired backlog resulting from two acquisitions that closed in 2022, along with external transaction costs. Operating income in 2021 included acquisition-related expenses of 70.4, comprised primarily of transaction, severance, restructuring and certain non-cash purchase accounting costs related to the acquisition of MTS in the second quarter of 2021, along with external transaction costs and certain non-cash purchase accounting costs related to the acquisition of Halo in the fourth quarter of 2021. The acquisition-related expenses in 2022 and 2021 had the effect of decreasing net income from continuing operations by 18.4, or 0.03 per share, and 57.3, or 0.09 per share, respectively. Acquisition-related expenses are presented separately in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Excluding the effect of these acquisition-related expenses, Adjusted Operating Income and Adjusted Operating Margin, each as defined in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below, were 2,607.3 and 20.7 of net sales, respectively, in 2022, and 2,175.5 and 20.0 of net sales, respectively, in 2021. The increases in Adjusted Operating Income and Adjusted Operating Margin in 2022 relative to 2021 was driven by all three segments, as described below. Operating income for the Harsh Environment Solutions segment in 2022 was 801.6, or 25.8 of net sales, compared to 708.2, or 25.7 of net sales in 2021. The slight increase in operating margin for the Harsh Environment Solutions segment for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by normal operating leverage on the higher sales volumes, combined with the benefit of pricing actions, which were largely offset by the impact of the more challenging cost environment experienced in 2022. Operating income for the Communications Solutions segment in 2022 was 1,245.7, or 22.0 of net sales, compared to 1,023.3, or 21.2 of net sales in 2021. The increase in operating margin for the Communications Solutions segment for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by normal operating leverage on the higher sales volumes, combined with the benefit of pricing actions, partially offset by the impact of the more challenging cost environment experienced in 2022. Operating income for the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment in 2022 was 716.5, or 18.5 of net sales, compared to 588.1, or 17.9 of net sales in 2021. The increase in operating margin for the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by normal operating leverage on the higher sales volumes, combined with the benefit of pricing actions, partially offset by the impact of the more challenging cost environment experienced in 2022. Interest expense was 128.4 in 2022 compared to 115.5 in 2021. The increase in interest expense was driven by the rising interest rate environment and its impact on the balance outstanding under the Company s U.S. Commercial Paper Program. Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information related to the Company s debt. Provision for income taxes was at an effective rate of 22.3 in 2022 and 20.6 in 2021. Provision for income taxes in 2022 included excess tax benefits of 56.0 from stock option exercises, partially offset by the tax effects related to acquisition-related expenses during the year. These items had the aggregate effect of decreasing the effective tax rate and increasing earnings per share by the amounts noted in the table below. Provision for income taxes in 2021 included (i) excess tax benefits of 63.4 from stock option exercises and (ii) a discrete tax benefit of 14.9 related to the settlement of uncertain tax positions in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, all of which was partially offset by the tax effects related to acquisition-related expenses during the year. These items had the aggregate effect of decreasing the effective tax rate and increasing earnings per share by the amounts noted in the table below. Excluding the effect of these items, the Adjusted Effective Tax Rate, a non-GAAP financial measure as defined in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below within this Item 7, was 24.5 and 24.3 for 2022 and 2021, respectively, as reconciled in the table below to the comparable effective tax rate based on GAAP results. For additional details related to the reconciliation between the U.S. statutory federal tax rate and the Company s effective tax rate for these years, refer to Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Net income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation and Net income from continuing operations per common share attributable to Amphenol Corporation-Diluted Diluted EPS were 1,902.3 and 3.06, respectively, for 2022, compared to 1,569.4 and 2.51, respectively, for 2021. Excluding the effect of the items discussed above, Adjusted Net Income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation and Adjusted Diluted EPS, non-GAAP financial measures as defined in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below within this Item 7, were 1,864.7 and 3.00, respectively, for 2022, compared to 1,548.4 and 2.48, respectively, for 2021. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 The following table reconciles Adjusted Operating Income, Adjusted Operating Margin, Adjusted Net Income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation, Adjusted Effective Tax Rate and Adjusted Diluted EPS (all on a continuing operations basis only, each as defined in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below) to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 2022 2021 Net Income Net Income attributable Effective attributable Effective Operating Operating to Amphenol Tax Diluted Operating Operating to Amphenol Tax Diluted Income Margin (1) Corporation Rate (1) EPS Income Margin (1) Corporation Rate (1) EPS Reported (GAAP) 2,585.8 20.5 1,902.3 22.3 3.06 2,105.1 19.4 1,569.4 20.6 2.51 Acquisition-related expenses 21.5 0.2 18.4 (0.1) 0.03 70.4 0.6 57.3 (0.2) 0.09 Excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation (56.0) 2.3 (0.09) (63.4) 3.2 (0.10) Discrete tax item (14.9) 0.7 (0.02) Adjusted (non-GAAP) (2) 2,607.3 20.7 1,864.7 24.5 3.00 2,175.5 20.0 1,548.4 24.3 2.48 

 Note: All data in the tables above are on a continuing operations basis only and exclude results associated with discontinued operations. (1) While the terms operating margin and effective tax rate are not considered U.S. GAAP financial measures, for purposes of this table, we derive the reported (GAAP) measures based on GAAP results, which serve as the basis for the reconciliation to their comparable non-GAAP financial measures. (2) All percentages and per share amounts in this table were calculated using actual, unrounded results; therefore, the sum of the components may not add due to rounding. 2021 Compared to 2020 Net sales were 10,876.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 8,598.9 for the year ended December 31, 2020, which represented an increase of 26 in U.S. dollars, 25 in constant currencies and 18 organically (excluding both currency and acquisition impacts) over the prior year. The increase in net sales in 2021 was driven by robust growth across all three reportable business segments, as described below. From a market standpoint, the increase in net sales was driven by strong organic growth across nearly all end markets, including the industrial, automotive, information technology and data communications, military and mobile networks markets, moderate growth in the mobile devices market, and contributions from the Company s acquisition program. This strong sales growth in 2021 also reflected a recovery in certain markets from the more negative impact resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020. This sales growth was partially offset by a decline in the commercial aerospace market, which continued to be negatively impacted by the significant impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on travel and aircraft production. Net sales to the industrial market increased (approximately 864.6), with broad-based growth across nearly all market segments of the global industrial market, with particular strength in heavy equipment, factory automation, industrial instrumentation, battery and heavy electric vehicle, alternative energy, rail mass transit, and transportation, along with contributions from acquisitions. Net sales to the automotive market increased (approximately 683.4), reflecting the continued recovery and growth in most regions of the global automotive market, as well as the Company s expanded position in next-generation electronics, including in particular electric and hybrid drive trains. Net sales to the information technology and data communications market increased (approximately 482.7), driven primarily by continued strong sales growth to web service providers and broad-based market demand for server, storage and networking related products as customers worked to support higher demand for increased bandwidth. Net sales to the military market increased (approximately 135.8), driven by strength across nearly all segments of the military market, including missile, military communications and naval and space-related applications, along with a recovery from the impact of pandemic-related production disruptions experienced during the first half of 2020, as well as contributions from acquisitions. Net sales to the mobile networks market increased (approximately 60.5), driven by a recovery in demand from mobile networks equipment manufacturers and mobile operators, which was primarily driven by increased demand for products used in 5G network build-outs and contributions from acquisitions, offset in part by reductions of sales to certain customers in China that were added to the U.S. Department of Commerce s Entity List . Net sales to the mobile devices market increased (approximately 45.7), driven by growth in products incorporated into laptops and wearable devices, along with production-related products, and was partially offset by moderations of sales into smartphones and tablets. Net sales to the commercial aerospace market decreased (approximately 26.6) primarily due to the continued significant impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on travel and aircraft production during that period. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Net sales in the Harsh Environment Solutions segment (approximately 25 of net sales) increased 20 in U.S. dollars, 19 in constant currencies and 15 organically, in 2021, compared to 2020. The sales growth in 2021 was driven primarily by strong organic growth in the industrial, automotive, and information technology and data communications markets, moderate organic growth in the military market, and contributions from the Company s acquisition program, all of which was partially offset by a decline in the commercial aerospace market. Net sales in the Communications Solutions segment (approximately 45 of net sales) increased 19 in U.S. dollars, 18 in constant currencies and 16 organically, in 2021, compared to 2020. The sales growth in 2021 was driven by strong organic growth across several end markets, including the information technology and data communications, industrial, and automotive markets, moderate organic growth in the mobile networks, mobile devices, and military markets, and contributions from the Company s acquisition program. Net sales in the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment (approximately 30 of net sales) increased 46 in U.S. dollars, 43 in constant currencies and 26 organically, in 2021, compared to 2020. The sales growth in 2021 was driven primarily by strong organic growth in the automotive, information technology and data communications, industrial and mobile networks markets, along with contributions from the Company s acquisition program, all of which was partially offset by a decline in the commercial aerospace market in that period. The table below reconciles Constant Currency Net Sales Growth and Organic Net Sales Growth to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures, by segment, geography and consolidated, for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020: 

Percentage Growth (relative to prior year) (1) Net sales Foreign Constant Organic growth in currency Currency Net Acquisition Net Sales U.S. Dollars (2) impact (3) Sales Growth (4) impact (5) Growth (4) Net sales by: 2021 2020 (GAAP) (non-GAAP) (non-GAAP) (non-GAAP) (non-GAAP) Segment: Harsh Environment Solutions 2,752.2 2,286.0 20 2 19 4 15 Communications Solutions 4,832.1 4,056.2 19 1 18 2 16 Interconnect and Sensor Systems 3,292.0 2,256.7 46 3 43 17 26 Consolidated 10,876.3 8,598.9 26 2 25 6 18 Geography (6) : United States 3,155.9 2,494.0 27 26 9 17 Foreign 7,720.4 6,104.9 26 2 24 5 19 Consolidated 10,876.3 8,598.9 26 2 25 6 18 

 (1) Percentages in this table were calculated using actual, unrounded results; therefore, the sum of the components may not add due to rounding. (2) Net sales growth in U.S. dollars is calculated based on Net sales as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. While the term net sales growth in U.S. dollars is not considered a U.S. GAAP financial measure, for purposes of this table, we derive the reported (GAAP) measure based on GAAP results, which serves as the basis for the reconciliation to its comparable non-GAAP financial measures. (3) Foreign currency translation impact, a non-GAAP measure, represents the percentage impact on net sales resulting from foreign currency exchange rate changes in the current reporting year compared to the prior reporting year. Such amount is calculated by subtracting current year net sales translated at average foreign currency exchange rates for the prior year from current year net sales, taken as a percentage of the prior year s net sales. (4) Constant Currency Net Sales Growth and Organic Net Sales Growth are non-GAAP financial measures as defined in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this Item 7. (5) Acquisition impact, a non-GAAP measure, represents the percentage impact on net sales resulting from acquisitions that have not been included in the Company s consolidated results for the full current year and/or prior comparable year presented. Such net sales related to these acquisitions do not reflect the underlying growth of the Company on a comparative basis. Acquisition impact is calculated as a percentage of the respective prior year period(s) net sales. (6) Net sales by geographic area are based on the customer location to which the product is shipped. The increase in foreign net sales in 2021 compared to 2020 was driven by strong growth in both Europe and Asia. The comparatively weaker U.S. dollar in 2021 had the effect of increasing sales by approximately 159.1, compared to 2020. Selling, general and administrative expenses were 1,226.3, or 11.3 of net sales for 2021, compared to 1,014.2, or 11.8 of net sales for 2020. The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales in 2021 was driven primarily by higher sales during the year, relative to 2020 which was more negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, slightly offset by the impact of the MTS Sensors business, acquired in 2021, which has higher selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales compared to the average of the Company. Administrative expenses increased 78.6 in 2021, and represented approximately 4.5 of net sales in 2021 and 4.8 of net sales in 2020. Research and development expenses increased 57.0 in 2021 primarily related to increases in 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 expenses for new product development, and represented approximately 2.9 of net sales in 2021 and 3.0 of net sales in 2020. Selling and marketing expenses increased 76.5 in 2021 compared to 2020, and represented approximately 3.8 of net sales in 2021 and 4.0 of net sales in 2020. Operating income was 2,105.1, or 19.4 of net sales in 2021, compared to 1,638.4, or 19.1 of net sales in 2020. Operating income in 2021 included acquisition-related expenses of 70.4, comprised primarily of transaction, severance, restructuring and certain non-cash purchase accounting costs related to the MTS acquisition in the second quarter of 2021, along with external transaction costs and certain non-cash purchase accounting costs related to the Halo acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2021. Operating income in 2020 included acquisition-related expenses of 11.5, comprised primarily of external transaction costs related to acquisitions that were announced or closed. These acquisition-related expenses in 2021 and 2020 had the effect of decreasing net income from continuing operations by 57.3, or 0.09 per share, and 10.7, or 0.02 per share, respectively. Acquisition-related expenses are presented separately in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Excluding the effect of these acquisition-related expenses, Adjusted Operating Income and Adjusted Operating Margin, each as defined in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below, were 2,175.5 and 20.0 of net sales, respectively, in 2021, and 1,649.9 and 19.2 of net sales, respectively, in 2020. The increase in Adjusted Operating Income and Adjusted Operating Margin in 2021 relative to 2020 was driven by all three segments, and in particular, by normal operating leverage on the higher sales volumes combined with the benefit of a lower cost impact resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic compared to 2020, partially offset by the impact of the more challenging commodity and supply chain environment experienced in 2021, along with the impact of the Company s 2021 acquisitions. Operating income for the Harsh Environment Solutions segment in 2021 was 708.2, or 25.7 of net sales, compared to 556.8, or 24.4 of net sales in 2020. The increase in operating margin for the Harsh Environment Solutions segment for 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily driven by normal operating leverage on the higher sales volumes combined with the benefit of a lower cost impact resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic compared to 2020, partially offset by the impact of the more challenging commodity, logistics and supply chain environment experienced in 2021. Operating income for the Communications Solutions segment in 2021 was 1,023.3, or 21.2 of net sales, compared to 871.2, or 21.5 of net sales in 2020. The slight decrease in operating margin for the Communications Solutions segment for 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily driven by the impact of the more challenging commodity, logistics and supply chain environment experienced in 2021, which was largely offset by the normal operating leverage on the higher sales volumes combined with the benefit of a lower cost impact resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic compared to 2020. Operating income for the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment in 2021 was 588.1, or 17.9 of net sales, compared to 348.6, or 15.4 of net sales in 2020. The increase in operating margin for the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment for 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily driven by normal operating leverage on the higher sales volumes combined with the benefit of a lower cost impact resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic compared to 2020, partially offset by the impact of the more challenging commodity, logistics and supply chain environment experienced in 2021, along with the impact of the Company s 2021 acquisitions, in particular the MTS Sensors business closed in April 2021, which operated at a lower operating margin compared to the average of the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment. Interest expense was 115.5 in 2021 compared to 115.4 in 2020. Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information related to the Company s debt. Provision for income taxes was at an effective rate of 20.6 in 2021 and 20.5 in 2020. Provision for income taxes in 2021 included (i) excess tax benefits of 63.4 from stock option exercises and (ii) a discrete tax benefit of 14.9 related to the settlement of uncertain tax positions in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, all of which was partially offset by the tax effects related to acquisition-related expenses during the year. These items had the aggregate effect of decreasing the effective tax rate and increasing earnings per share by the amounts noted in the table below. Provision for income taxes in 2020 included (i) excess tax benefits of 42.8 from stock option exercises and (ii) a discrete tax benefit of 19.9 related to the settlements of refund claims in a non-U.S. jurisdiction and the resulting adjustments to deferred taxes, which were partially offset by the tax effects related to acquisition-related expenses during the year. These items had the aggregate effect of decreasing the effective tax rate and increasing earnings per share by the amounts noted in the table below. Excluding the effect of these items, the Adjusted Effective Tax Rate, a non-GAAP financial measure as defined in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below within this Item 7, was 24.3 and 24.5 for 2021 and 2020, 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 respectively, as reconciled in the table below to the comparable effective tax rate based on GAAP results. For additional details related to the reconciliation between the U.S. statutory federal tax rate and the Company s effective tax rate for these years, refer to Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Net income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation and Diluted EPS were 1,569.4 and 2.51, respectively, for 2021, compared to 1,203.4 and 1.96, respectively, for 2020. Excluding the effect of the items discussed above, Adjusted Net Income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation and Adjusted Diluted EPS, non-GAAP financial measures as defined in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below within this Item 7, were 1,548.4 and 2.48, respectively, for 2021, compared to 1,151.4 and 1.87, respectively, for 2020. The following table reconciles Adjusted Operating Income, Adjusted Operating Margin, Adjusted Net Income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation, Adjusted Effective Tax Rate and Adjusted Diluted EPS (all on a continuing operations basis only, each as defined in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below) to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: 2021 2020 Net Income Net Income attributable Effective attributable Effective Operating Operating to Amphenol Tax Diluted Operating Operating to Amphenol Tax Diluted Income Margin (1) Corporation Rate (1) EPS Income Margin (1) Corporation Rate (1) EPS Reported (GAAP) 2,105.1 19.4 1,569.4 20.6 2.51 1,638.4 19.1 1,203.4 20.5 1.96 Acquisition-related expenses 70.4 0.6 57.3 (0.2) 0.09 11.5 0.1 10.7 (0.1) 0.02 Excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation (63.4) 3.2 (0.10) (42.8) 2.8 (0.07) Discrete tax item (14.9) 0.7 (0.02) (19.9) 1.3 (0.03) Adjusted (non-GAAP) (2) 2,175.5 20.0 1,548.4 24.3 2.48 1,649.9 19.2 1,151.4 24.5 1.87 

 Note: All data in the tables above are on a continuing operations basis only and exclude results associated with discontinued operations. (1) While the terms operating margin and effective tax rate are not considered U.S. GAAP financial measures, for purposes of this table, we derive the reported (GAAP) measures based on GAAP results, which serve as the basis for the reconciliation to their comparable non-GAAP financial measures. (2) All percentages and per share amounts in this table were calculated using actual, unrounded results; therefore, the sum of the components may not add due to rounding. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity and Cash Requirements At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of 1,434.2 and 1,241.4, respectively, with the vast majority of the Company s cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand located outside of the United States. The Company s primary sources of liquidity are internally generated cash provided by operating activities, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand, as well as availability under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program, the Euro Commercial Paper Program, the Revolving Credit Facility, and the 2022 Term Loan (all of which are defined and discussed in more detail below within this Item 7). The Company believes that these sources of liquidity, along with access to capital markets, provide adequate liquidity to meet both its short-term (next 12 months) and reasonably foreseeable long-term requirements and obligations. Cash Requirements from Known Contractual and Other Obligations The Company s primary ongoing cash requirements will be for operating and working capital needs, capital expenditures, product development activities, repurchases of our Common Stock, dividends, debt service, payments associated with the one-time tax on the deemed repatriation of all of the Company s pre-2018 accumulated unremitted earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries Transition Tax ), which is payable in annual installments until 2025, taxes due upon the repatriation of foreign earnings (which will be payable upon the repatriation of such earnings) , funding of pension obligations, and other contractual obligations and commitments (refer to the table below for the Company s material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations). The Company may also use cash to fund all or part of the cost of future acquisitions. The Company expects that capital expenditures in 2023 will be in a range of 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 3 to 4 of net sales. The Company s debt service requirements consist primarily of principal and interest on the Company s Senior Notes, and to the extent of any amounts outstanding, the Revolving Credit Facility, Commercial Paper Programs and the 2022 Term Loan (all as defined below). As of December 31, 2022, outstanding borrowings under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program were at a weighted average floating interest rate of 4.69 , while there were no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, 2022 Term Loan and Euro Commercial Paper Program. As a result of recent increases in the federal funds rate by the U.S. Federal Reserve, the floating interest rates related to our U.S. Commercial Paper Program increased substantially over the course of 2022, a trend that could continue throughout 2023. Consequently, the Company currently expects the floating interest rates related to its U.S. Commercial Paper Program (as well as its Revolving Credit Facility and 2022 Term Loan, to the extent either are drawn upon in the future) to continue to increase in the first quarter of 2023 and potentially beyond, which is expected to result in increased interest expense in 2023 as compared to 2022. Although the Company does not expect changes in interest rates to have a material effect on income or cash flows in 2023, primarily due to our current expected limited reliance on borrowings tied to floating rates of interest, there can be no assurance that interest rates will not change significantly from current levels. The following table summarizes the Company s material short- and long-term cash requirements from known obligations pursuant to certain contracts and commitments as of December 31, 2022, as well as an estimate of the timing in which such obligations and payments are expected to be satisfied. 

Payment Due By Period Contractual Obligations Less than 1-3 3-5 More than (dollars in millions) Total 1 year years years 5 years Debt (1) 4,602.7 2.7 750.9 1,168.9 2,680.2 Interest related to senior notes 596.4 97.6 174.2 152.3 172.3 Operating leases (2) 316.1 91.5 115.5 60.2 48.9 Purchase obligations (3) 878.7 835.7 38.0 3.1 1.9 Accrued pension and postretirement benefit obligations (4) 57.9 6.8 11.1 11.3 28.7 Transition tax (5) 70.4 29.6 40.8 Total (6) 6,522.2 1,063.9 1,130.5 1,395.8 2,932.0 

 (1) The Company has excluded expected interest payments on the Revolving Credit Facility, 2022 Term Loan, U.S. Commercial Paper Program and Euro Commercial Paper Program from the above table, as this calculation is largely dependent on average debt levels during each of the years presented. The actual interest payments made related to the Company s Revolving Credit Facility, 2022 Term Loan and both Commercial Paper Programs combined, in 2022, were approximately 21.1. Expected debt levels, and therefore expected interest payments, are difficult to predict, as they are significantly impacted by items such as future acquisitions, repurchases of Common Stock and dividend payments, as well as payments or additional borrowings made to reduce or increase the underlying revolver balance. (2) The Company s operating lease payments included in this table reflect the future minimum undiscounted fixed lease payments, which serve as the basis for calculating the Company s operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022. The table above excludes any variable lease payments not included in the measurement of the Company s right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities, due to their uncertainty. Finance leases are not material to the Company individually or in the aggregate and as such have been excluded from the table above. (3) Purchase obligations relate primarily to open purchase orders for goods and services, including but not limited to, raw materials and components to be used in production. (4) This table includes estimated benefit payments expected to be made under the Company s unfunded pension and postretirement benefit plans, as well as the anticipated minimum required contributions under the Company s funded pension plans, the most significant of which covers certain of its U.S. employees. Over the past several years, there has been no minimum requirement for Company contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in the United States U.S. Plans due to prior contributions made in excess of minimum requirements, and as a result, there was no anticipated minimum required contribution included in the table above related to the U.S. Plans for 2023. The Company did not make any voluntary contributions to its U.S. Plans in 2022 and 2021. It is not possible to reasonably estimate expected required contributions in the above table after 2023 since several assumptions are required to calculate minimum required contributions, such as the discount rate and expected returns on pension assets. (5) As a result of the enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 Tax Act in December 2017, the United States changed to a modified territorial tax system, which significantly reduced the U.S. tax expense associated with the remittance of foreign earnings, among other changes. The Tax Act also imposed the Transition Tax associated with all of the Company s pre-2018 accumulated unremitted earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries. As a result, on December 31, 2017, the Company recorded a provisional U.S. tax expense for the Transition Tax, which was adjusted and finalized in 2018. The Transition Tax is to be paid in annual installments over the eight-year period until 2025, as permitted under the Tax Act. The table above reflects the remaining amounts associated with the Transition Tax, which is net of applicable tax credits and deductions. The fifth installment of the Transition Tax was paid in the second quarter of 2022. (6) As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded net liabilities of approximately 193.5 related to unrecognized tax benefits. These liabilities have been excluded from the above table due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of potential future cash flows. It is difficult to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which all of these liabilities might be paid. Repatriation of Foreign Earnings and Related Income Taxes The Company has previously indicated an intention to repatriate most of its pre-2022 accumulated earnings and has accrued the foreign and U.S. state and local taxes, if applicable, on those earnings, as appropriate. The associated tax payments are due as the repatriations are made. The Company intends to indefinitely reinvest the remaining pre-2022 foreign earnings. The Company intends to distribute certain 2022 foreign earnings and, as of December 31, 2022, has accrued foreign and U.S. state and local taxes, where applicable, on those foreign earnings that we intend to repatriate, and intends to indefinitely reinvest the remaining 2022 foreign earnings. The Company intends to (i) evaluate certain 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 post-2022 earnings for repatriation, and will accrue for those distributions where appropriate, and (ii) indefinitely reinvest all other foreign earnings. In addition, the Company paid its fifth annual installment of the Transition Tax, net of applicable tax credits and deductions, in the second quarter of 2022, and will pay the balance of the Transition Tax, net of applicable tax credits and deductions, in annual installments over the remainder of the eight-year period ending 2025, as permitted under the Tax Act. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not provided for deferred income taxes on undistributed foreign earnings of approximately 1,100 related to certain geographies, as it is the Company s intention to permanently reinvest such earnings outside the United States. It is impracticable to calculate the amount of taxes that would be payable if these undistributed foreign earnings were to be repatriated. Cash Flow Summary The following table summarizes the Company s cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, as reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations 2,174.6 1,523.9 1,592.0 Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations (731.1) (2,604.4) (333.5) Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations (1,196.7) (145.1) (516.6) Net cash change from discontinued operations 733.0 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (70.8) (12.3) 68.9 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 176.0 (504.9) 810.8 

 Note: Net cash change from discontinued operations in the table above includes the proceeds from the sale of the Divested MTS business during the year ended December 31, 2021, as discussed in further detail later within this Item 7. Operating Activities The ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of the Company s fundamental financial strengths. Operating Cash Flow was 2,174.6 in 2022, compared to 1,523.9 in 2021 and 1,592.0 in 2020. The increase in Operating Cash Flow in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to both an increase in net income from continuing operations and a lower usage of cash related to the change in working capital as discussed below. The decrease in Operating Cash Flow in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to a higher usage of cash related to the change in working capital as discussed below, partially offset by an increase in net income from continuing operations. In 2022, the components of working capital as presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow increased 193.1, excluding the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation, primarily due to increases in inventories of 278.5 and accounts receivable of 273.1, partially offset by increases in accrued liabilities, including income taxes, of 246.3 and accounts payable of 62.5, and a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 49.7. In 2021, the components of working capital as presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow increased 496.4, excluding the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation, primarily due to increases in accounts receivable, inventories, and prepaid expenses and other current assets of 398.4, 263.0 and 20.2, respectively, partially offset by increases in accounts payable of 131.7 and accrued liabilities, including income taxes, of 53.5. In 2020, the components of working capital as presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow increased 38.9, excluding the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation, due to increases in accounts receivable, inventories, and prepaid expenses and other current assets of 146.3, 102.0 and 88.6, respectively, partially offset by increases in accounts payable of 204.3 and accrued liabilities, including income taxes, of 93.7. The following describes the significant changes in the amounts as presented on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. Accounts receivable increased 176.5 to 2,631.3 primarily due to higher sales in the fourth quarter of 2022 relative to the fourth quarter of 2021, along with the impact of the two acquisitions (collectively, the 2022 Acquisitions that closed during 2022, partially offset by the effect of translation from exchange rate changes Translation at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. Days sales outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 73 days and 71 days, respectively. Inventories increased 199.5 to 2,093.6, which was primarily driven by the impact of higher sales and the 2022 Acquisitions, along with the impact of the ongoing supply chain disruptions experienced throughout 2022, partially offset by Translation. Inventory days at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 86 days and 80 days, respectively. Prepaid expenses and other current assets decreased 47.9 to 320.0, primarily due to decreases in certain other current receivables. Property, plant and 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 equipment, net, increased 29.0 to 1,204.3, primarily due to capital expenditures of 383.8 and the impact of the 2022 Acquisitions, partially offset by depreciation of 306.1, disposals and Translation. Goodwill increased 69.3 to 6,446.1, primarily driven by goodwill recognized resulting from the 2022 Acquisitions, partially offset by Translation. Other intangible assets, net, decreased 22.8 to 734.1 due to the amortization of 81.0 related to the Company s current intangible assets, partially offset by the recognition of certain intangible assets related to recent acquisitions. Other long-term assets increased 51.4 to 462.6, primarily due to (i) the purchase of long-term certificates of deposit investments and (ii) an increase in operating lease right-of-use assets resulting from new and renewed lease agreements entered into during 2022, along with leases assumed from acquisitions, partially offset by a decrease in prepaid pension assets resulting from a decrease in the overfunded status of certain pension plans primarily in the U.S. Accounts payable decreased 2.9 to 1,309.1, primarily due to Translation, largely offset by slightly increased purchasing activity related to higher sales levels in the fourth quarter of 2022 relative to the fourth quarter of 2021, along with the effect of the 2022 Acquisitions. Payable days at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 54 days and 56 days, respectively. Total accrued expenses, including accrued income taxes, increased 233.2 to 1,364.3, primarily as a result of increases in accrued income taxes, accrued salaries, wages and employee benefits and certain other accrued expenses, partially offset by Translation. Accrued pension and postretirement benefit obligations decreased 65.5 to 127.9, primarily driven by a significant decrease in our projected benefit obligations resulting from higher interest rates, along with Translation, partially offset by negative returns on plan assets in 2022. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company made aggregate cash contributions to its defined benefit pension plans of approximately 6.3, 6.8 and 6.5, respectively. There is no current requirement for cash contributions to any of the Company s U.S. Plans, and the Company plans to evaluate annually, based on actuarial calculations and the investment performance of the Plans assets, the timing and amount of cash contributions in the future, if any, as discussed in more detail in Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition to Operating Cash Flow, the Company also considers Free Cash Flow, a non-GAAP financial measure defined in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below, as a key metric in measuring the Company s ability to generate cash. The following table reconciles Free Cash Flow to its most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The increase in Free Cash Flow in 2022 compared to 2021 was driven by the increase in Operating Cash Flow, as described above. The decrease in Free Cash Flow in 2021 compared to 2020 was driven by the increase in capital expenditures to support our strong sales growth and, to a lesser extent, the decrease in Operating Cash Flow, as described above. The following table is on a continuing operations basis only and excludes any cash flows related to discontinued operations: 

2022 2021 2020 Operating Cash Flow (GAAP) 2,174.6 1,523.9 1,592.0 Capital expenditures (GAAP) (383.8) (360.4) (276.8) Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment (GAAP) 5.6 3.7 12.7 Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) 1,796.4 1,167.2 1,327.9 Investing Activities Cash flows from investing activities consist primarily of cash flows associated with capital expenditures, proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment , net purchases (sales and maturities) of short- and long-term investments, and acquisitions. Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was 731.1 in 2022, compared to 2,604.4 in 2021 and 333.5 in 2020. In 2022, net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was driven primarily by capital expenditures (net of disposals) of 378.2, the use of 288.2 to fund acquisitions, net purchases of long-term investments of 56.0, and net purchases of short-term investments of 25.2. In 2021, net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was driven primarily by the use of 2,225.4 to fund acquisitions, capital expenditures (net of disposals) of 356.7, and net purchases of short-term investments of 8.6. In 2020, net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was driven primarily by capital expenditures (net of disposals) of 264.1, the use of 50.4 to fund acquisitions, and net purchases of short-term investments of 18.4. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Financing Activities Cash flows from financing activities consist primarily of cash flows associated with borrowings and repayments of the Company s credit facilities and other long-term debt, repurchases of Common Stock, proceeds from stock option exercises, dividend payments, and distributions to and purchases of noncontrolling interests. Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was 1,196.7 in 2022, compared to 145.1 in 2021 and 516.6 in 2020. In 2022, net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was driven primarily by (i) repurchases of the Company s Common Stock of 730.5, (ii) dividend payments of 477.4, (iii) net repayments of 159.3, primarily under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program, (iv) other debt repayments of 55.2, primarily related to short-term debt, and (v) distributions to and purchases of noncontrolling interests of 9.9, partially offset by (a) cash proceeds of 185.3 from the exercise of stock options and (b) proceeds of 50.7 primarily related to short-term borrowings. In 2021, net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was driven primarily by (i) debt repayments of 912.6, primarily related to the repayment of the assumed then-outstanding MTS senior notes in the second quarter of 2021 as well as the redemption of the 3.125 Senior Notes (the 2021 Senior Notes in the third quarter of 2021 and the redemption of the 4.00 Senior Notes (the 2022 Senior Notes in the fourth quarter of 2021, (ii) repurchases of the Company s Common Stock of 661.7, (iii) dividend payments of 346.7, (iv) a cash transfer of 28.7 made by the Company s continuing operations to its discontinued operations in order to fund the September 2021 payment of contingent consideration assumed as part of the MTS acquisition, (v) distributions to and purchases of noncontrolling interests of 18.9, (vi) payments of 9.3 related to debt financing costs associated with the Company s 750.0 principal amount of unsecured 2.200 Senior Notes due September 15, 2031 (the 2031 Senior Notes ), and (vii) payments of 4.1 associated with the deferred purchase price related to acquisitions, partially offset by (a) net borrowings of 796.3 primarily under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program, the majority of the proceeds of which were used to fund acquisitions, including MTS, and to redeem the 2021 Senior Notes and the 2022 Senior Notes, (b) net cash proceeds of 752.1, primarily related to the September 2021 issuance of the 2031 Senior Notes, and (c) cash proceeds of 288.5 from the exercise of stock options. In 2020, net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was driven primarily by (i) repurchases of the Company s Common Stock of 641.3, (ii) debt repayments of 404.4 related to the Company s 2.20 Senior Notes due April 2020 and other debt, (iii) net repayments of 385.8 related to the Company s Commercial Paper Programs, (iv) dividend payments of 297.6, (v) payment of 75.0 related to acquisition-related contingent consideration, (vi) payment of 16.2 associated with the deferred purchase price related to an acquisition, (vii) distributions to and purchases of noncontrolling interests of 14.9, (vii) payments of 8.7 related to debt financing costs primarily associated with its 400.0 principal amount of unsecured 2.050 Senior Notes due March 1, 2025 (the 2025 Senior Notes and 2026 Euro Notes (defined below), and (viii) net repayments of 0.7 under the Company s credit facilities, partially offset by (a) aggregate net cash proceeds of 942.3 from both the February 2020 issuance of the 2025 Senior Notes and the May 2020 issuance of the 2026 Euro Notes and (b) cash proceeds of 385.7 from the exercise of stock options. The Company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments. The Company uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders equity. The Company s debt financing includes the use of Commercial Paper Programs, the Revolving Credit Facility, the 2022 Term Loan, and senior notes as part of its overall cash management strategy. On November 30, 2021, the Company amended and restated its 2,500.0 unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). As a result, the Revolving Credit Facility no longer references the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR for interest rate determinations. The Revolving Credit Facility maintains the lenders aggregate commitments under the facility at 2,500.0. The Revolving Credit Facility matures in November 2026 and gives the Company the ability to borrow, in various currencies, at a spread that varies, based on the Company s debt rating, over certain currency-specific benchmark rates, which benchmark rates in the case of U.S. dollar borrowings are either the base rate or the adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The Company may utilize the Revolving Credit Facility for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility requires payment of certain annual agency and commitment fees and requires that the Company satisfy certain financial covenants. On December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Although the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA , which regulates LIBOR, previously announced its intent to phase out the use of LIBOR in 2023, the Company does not currently have nor does it expect to have any more reliance on borrowings or any other financial instruments tied to LIBOR. As a result, the LIBOR transition will not have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. On April 19, 2022, the Company entered into a two-year, 750.0 unsecured delayed draw term loan credit agreement (the 2022 Term Loan ), which is scheduled to mature on April 19, 2024. The 2022 Term Loan was undrawn at closing and may be drawn on up to five occasions over the life of the facility. The 2022 Term Loan may be repaid at any time without premium or penalty, and, once repaid, cannot be reborrowed. When drawn upon, the proceeds from the 2022 Term Loan are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. Interest rates under the 2022 Term Loan are based on a spread over either the base rate or the adjusted term SOFR, which spread varies based on the Company s debt rating. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet drawn upon the 2022 Term Loan, and as such, there were no outstanding borrowings under the 2022 Term Loan. The 2022 Term Loan requires payment of certain commitment fees and requires that the Company satisfy certain financial covenants, which financial covenants are the same as those under the Revolving Credit Facility. On December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the financial covenants under the 2022 Term Loan. The Company has a commercial paper program pursuant to which the Company may issue short-term unsecured commercial paper notes (the USCP Notes in one or more private placements in the United States (the U.S. Commercial Paper Program ). The maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding of USCP Notes at any time is 2,500.0. The Company utilizes borrowings under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program for general corporate purposes, which in recent years, have included fully or partially funding acquisitions, as well as repaying certain outstanding senior notes, such as (i) the third quarter 2021 redemption of its unsecured 2021 Senior Notes due September 15, 2021, of which 227.7 aggregate principal amount was then outstanding and (ii) the fourth quarter 2021 redemption of its unsecured 2022 Senior Notes due February 1, 2022, of which 295.0 aggregate principal amount was then outstanding . The amount of USCP Notes outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was 632.8, with a weighted average interest rate of 4.69 As of December 31, 2021, the amount of USCP Notes outstanding was 795.2, with a weighted average interest rate of 0.29 . The Company and one of its wholly owned European subsidiaries (the Euro Issuer also have a commercial paper program (the Euro Commercial Paper Program and, together with the U.S. Commercial Paper Program, the Commercial Paper Programs ), pursuant to which the Euro Issuer may issue short-term unsecured commercial paper notes (the ECP Notes and, together with the USCP Notes, the Commercial Paper ), which are guaranteed by the Company and are to be issued outside of the United States. The ECP Notes may be issued in Euros, Sterling, U.S. dollars or other currencies. The maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding of ECP Notes at any time is 2,000.0. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no ECP Notes outstanding. Amounts available under the Commercial Paper Programs may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed from time to time. In conjunction with the Revolving Credit Facility, as of December 31, 2022, the authorization from the Company s Board of Directors (the Board limits the maximum principal amount outstanding of USCP Notes, ECP Notes, and any other commercial paper or similar programs, along with outstanding amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility, at any time to 2,500.0 in the aggregate . The Commercial Paper Programs are rated A-2 by Standard Poor s and P-2 by Moody s and, based on the Board s authorization described above, are currently backstopped by the Revolving Credit Facility, as amounts undrawn under the Company s Revolving Credit Facility are available to repay Commercial Paper, if necessary. Net proceeds of the issuances of Commercial Paper are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. The Company reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt regularly and may replace certain amounts of Commercial Paper, short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has outstanding senior notes (the Senior Notes as follows: 

Principal Interest Amount Rate Maturity 350.0 3.20 April 2024 400.0 2.050 March 2025 500.0 4.350 June 2029 900.0 2.80 February 2030 750.0 2.200 September 2031 500.0 0.750 May 2026 (Euro Notes) 500.0 2.00 October 2028 (Euro Notes) On September 14, 2021, the Company issued the 2031 Senior Notes. The Company used the net proceeds from the 2031 Senior Notes to repay certain outstanding borrowings under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program. All of the Company s outstanding senior notes in the United States (the U.S. Senior Notes are unsecured and rank equally in right of payment with the Company s and the Euro Issuer s other unsecured senior indebtedness. Interest on each series of U.S. Senior Notes is payable semiannually. The Company may, at its option, redeem some or all of any series of U.S. Senior Notes at any time, subject to certain terms and conditions. The Euro Issuer has two outstanding unsecured senior notes issued in Europe. In 2020, the Euro Issuer issued 500.0 (approximately 545.4 at date of issuance) principal amount of unsecured 0.750 Senior Notes due May 4, 2026 (the 2026 Euro Notes ), the net proceeds of which were used to repay amounts outstanding under the then existing revolving credit facility. In addition, the Euro Issuer also has 500.0 (approximately 574.6 at date of issuance) principal amount of unsecured 2.000 Senior Notes due October 8, 2028 (the 2028 Euro Notes , together with the 2026 Euro Notes, the Euro Notes , and collectively with the 2026 Euro Notes and the U.S. Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ), the net proceeds of which were used to repay a portion of the outstanding amounts under our Commercial Paper Programs, with the remainder of the net proceeds being used for general corporate purposes. The Euro Notes are unsecured and rank equally in right of payment with the Company s and the Euro Issuer s other unsecured senior indebtedness, and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company. Interest on each series of Euro Notes is payable annually. The Company may, at its option, redeem some or all of either series of Euro Notes at any time, subject to certain terms and conditions. The Company s Senior Notes impose certain obligations on the Company and prohibit various actions by the Company unless it satisfies certain financial requirements. On December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all requirements under its Senior Notes. Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information related to the Company s debt. On April 27, 2021, the Board authorized a stock repurchase program under which the Company may purchase up to 2,000.0 of the Company s Common Stock during the three-year period ending April 27, 2024 (the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repurchased 9.9 million and 6.2 million shares of its Common Stock for 730.5 and 457.9, respectively, under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program. Of the total repurchases made in 2022 under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program, 9.3 million shares, or 689.7, have been retired by the Company, with the remainder of the repurchased shares being retained in Treasury stock at the time of repurchase. Of the total repurchases made in 2021 under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program, 5.8 million shares, or 424.9, were retired by the Company, with the remainder of the repurchased shares being retained in Treasury stock at the time of repurchase. From January 1, 2023 through January 31, 2023, the Company repurchased 0.6 million additional shares of its Common Stock for 48.8, and, as of February 1, 2023, the Company has remaining authorization to purchase up to 762.8 of its Common Stock under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program. The price and timing of any future purchases will depend on a number of factors, such as levels of cash generation from operations, the volume of stock options exercised by employees, cash requirements for acquisitions, dividends paid, economic and market conditions and the price of the Common Stock. In April 2018, the Board authorized a stock repurchase program under which the Company could purchase up to 2,000.0 of Common Stock during the three-year period ending April 24, 2021 (the 2018 Stock Repurchase Program in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased 3.1 million shares of its Common Stock for 203.8 under the 2018 Stock Repurchase 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Program. As a result of these purchases, the Company completed all purchases authorized under the 2018 Stock Repurchase Program, and, therefore, the 2018 Stock Repurchase Program was terminated. Of the total repurchases made in 2021 under the 2018 Stock Repurchase Program, 2.8 million shares, or 184.0, were retired by the Company, with the remainder of the repurchased shares being retained in Treasury stock at the time of repurchase. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repurchased 12.0 million shares of its Common Stock for 641.3 under the 2018 Stock Repurchase Program. Of the total repurchases made in 2020, 9.3 million shares, or 487.4, were retired by the Company, with the remainder of the repurchased shares being retained in Treasury stock at the time of repurchase. Contingent upon declaration by the Board, the Company pays a quarterly dividend on shares of its Common Stock. On October 26, 2021, the Board approved an increase to the Company s quarterly dividend rate from 0.145 per share to 0.20 per share, effective with dividends declared in the fourth quarter of 2021, and on October 25, 2022, approved an additional increase to the Company s quarterly dividend rate from 0.20 per share to 0.21 per share, effective with dividends declared in the fourth quarter of 2022, contingent upon declaration by the Board. The following table summ arizes the declared quarterly dividends per share for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

2022 2021 2020 First Quarter 0.20 0.145 0.125 Second Quarter 0.20 0.145 0.125 Third Quarter 0.20 0.145 0.125 Fourth Quarter 0.21 0.20 0.145 Total 0.81 0.635 0.52 The following table summarizes the dividends declared and paid for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

2022 2021 2020 Dividends declared 482.6 379.7 310.0 Dividends paid (including those declared in the prior year) 477.4 346.7 297.6 Pensions The Company and certain of its subsidiaries in the United States have defined benefit pension plans U.S. Plans ), which cover certain U.S. employees and which represent the majority of the plan assets and benefit obligations of the aggregate defined benefit plans of the Company. The U.S. Plans benefits are generally based on years of service and compensation and are generally noncontributory. The majority of U.S. employees are not covered by the U.S. Plans and are instead covered by various defined contribution plans. Certain foreign subsidiaries also have defined benefit plans covering their employees (the Foreign Plans and, together with the U.S. Plans, the Plans ). The total liability for accrued pension and postretirement benefit obligations associated with the Company s underfunded pension and postretirement benefit plans decreased in 2022 to 111.1 from 173.9 in 2021, primarily driven by a significant decrease in our projected benefit obligations resulting from higher interest rates , along with foreign currency exchange translation, partially offset by negative returns on plan assets in 2022. There is no current requirement for cash contributions to any of the U.S. Plans, and the Company plans to evaluate annually, based on actuarial calculations and the investment performance of the Plans assets, the timing and amount of cash contributions in the future, if any. Refer to Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the Company s benefit plans and other postretirement benefit plans. Acquisitions and Divestitures During 2022, the Company completed two acquisitions (the 2022 Acquisitions for 288.2, net of cash acquired. One of the 2022 Acquisitions was included in the Harsh Environment Solutions segment and the other acquisition was included in the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment. The 2022 Acquisitions, which were funded through a combination of borrowings under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program and cash on hand, were not material, either individually or in the aggregate, to the Company s financial results. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 During 2021, the Company completed seven acquisitions (the 2021 Acquisitions for 2,225.4, net of cash acquired, while also completing the divestiture of the Divested MTS business, as defined and discussed below. One of the 2021 Acquisitions was included in the Harsh Environment Solutions segment, three acquisitions were included in the Communications Solutions segment and three acquisitions were included in the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment. The 2021 Acquisitions were not material, either individually or in the aggregate, to the Company s financial results. Acquisition of MTS On April 7, 2021, pursuant to a definitive agreement dated December 9, 2020, by and among the Company and MTS Systems Corporation MTS ), the Company completed the acquisition of MTS for a total enterprise value of approximately 1,700, net of cash acquired and including the repayment of all outstanding debt and certain liabilities. The MTS acquisition was funded through a combination of borrowings under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program and cash on hand. At closing, the Company paid approximately 1,300, net of cash acquired, for 100 of the common stock of MTS, including certain liabilities settled at closing, which was reflected within Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, the Company also assumed MTS s then-outstanding 350.0 principal amount of senior notes due August 15, 2027. Shortly after the closing, the Company repaid and settled the MTS senior notes for approximately 387.3, which included accrued interest and a make-whole premium incurred as a result of the early extinguishment of the senior notes. The repayment of the outstanding senior notes, including the make-whole premium and excluding interest, was reflected within Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for the year ended December 31, 2021. MTS, a leading global supplier of precision sensors, advanced test systems and motion simulators, was historically organized into two business segments: Sensors MTS Sensors and Test Simulation MTS T S ). The retained MTS Sensors business provides the Company with a highly complementary offering of high-technology, harsh environment sensors sold into diverse end markets and applications. The MTS Sensors business further expands the Company s range of sensor and sensor-based products across a wide array of industries and is reported as part of our continuing operations and within our Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment. In the second quarter of 2021, the Company incurred 55.4 44.6 after-tax, or 0.07 per diluted share) of acquisition-related expenses, comprised primarily of transaction, severance, restructuring and certain non-cash purchase accounting costs related to the MTS acquisition. Sale of the Divested MTS Business On January 19, 2021 and prior to the closing of the MTS acquisition, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell MTS (including the MTS T S business, but excluding the MTS Sensors business) to Illinois Tool Works Inc. ITW ). Throughout this Annual Report, we refer to MTS (including the MTS T S business, but excluding the MTS Sensors business) as the Divested MTS business . As a result of the agreement to sell the Divested MTS business to ITW, t he Divested MTS business met the discontinued operations reporting criteria and held for sale accounting criteria as of the MTS acquisition date of April 7, 2021, and therefore, the Company did not assign the Divested MTS business to any of its reportable business segments. Accordingly, t he Company accounted for the operating results and related cash flows associated with the Divested MTS business as discontinued operations in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements through December 1, 2021, the date of the sale of the Divested MTS business to ITW. Income from discontinued operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation, net of income taxes, was 21.4 for the year ended December 31, 2021. On December 1, 2021, the Company completed the sale of the Divested MTS business for approximately 750, net of cash divested and excluding related transaction fees and expenses . The proceeds from the sale of the Divested MTS business were included in Net cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for the year ended December 31, 2021. Amphenol has had no continuing involvement with the Divested MTS business after the completion of the sale. After giving effect to the sale of the Divested MTS business as well as the repayment of the aforementioned MTS senior notes as part of the MTS acquisition, the Company paid approximately 950, net of cash acquired and excluding related transaction fees and expenses, for the retained MTS Sensors business. Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details related to the completed divestiture of the Divested MTS business. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Acquisition of Halo Technology Limited On December 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of approximately 97 of the common stock of Halo Technology Limited Halo for a purchase price of approximately 694, net of cash acquired. The sellers retained a noncontrolling interest of less than 3 in Halo, which includes redeemable features that are outside the control of the Company and therefore, has been classified as temporary equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, as discussed in more detail in Notes 1 and 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The acquisition was funded with cash on hand. Halo, which is headquartered in the United States (California), is a leading provider of active and passive fiber optic interconnect components, with product offerings that are highly complementary to our existing high-speed and fiber optic interconnect solutions for the communications infrastructure markets. The operating results for Halo have been included in the Consolidated Statements of Income since the acquisition date. Halo is reported within our Communications Solutions segment. Acquisition-related Expenses In 2022, the Company incurred 21.5 18.4 after-tax) of acquisition-related expenses, comprised primarily of the amortization related to the value associated with acquired backlog resulting from two acquisitions that closed in 2022, along with external transaction costs. In 2021, the Company incurred 70.4 57.3 after-tax) of acquisition-related expenses, comprised primarily of transaction, severance, restructuring and certain non-cash purchase accounting costs related to the MTS acquisition in the second quarter of 2021, along with external transaction costs and certain non-cash purchase accounting costs related to the Halo acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2021. Such acquisition-related expenses are presented separately in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. For further discussion of the Company s acquisitions, as well as the Company s discontinued operations and completed divestiture of the Divested MTS business, refer to Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Environmental Matters Certain operations of the Company are subject to environmental laws and regulations that govern the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, as well as the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. The Company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. For more information on certain environmental matters, refer to Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Inflation and Costs The cost of the Company s products is influenced by the cost of a wide variety of raw materials. The Company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor and services through price increases, productivity improvements and cost saving programs. However, in certain markets, implementing price increases can be difficult and there is no guarantee that the Company will be successful. From time to time, the Company may encounter difficulties in obtaining certain raw materials or components necessary for production due to supply chain constraints and logistical challenges, which may include regulatory restrictions and also negatively impact the pricing of materials and components sourced or used by the Company. While the Company does not currently anticipate significant, broad-based difficulties in obtaining raw materials or components necessary for production, in 2021 and 2022, there were supply chain and logistical challenges that impacted the global economy, including our Company, and caused and continue to cause supply constraints and commodity price increases on certain raw materials and components used by the Company in production , as well as decreased availability of, and increased prices for, freight and logistics, including air, sea and ground freight . As of December 31, 2022, while some of the supply chain and logistical challenges have eased, inflation continues to impact the cost of certain raw materials and components used by the Company. Given this environment, the Company may experience supply shortages for discrete raw materials or components in the future, which could be further exacerbated by increased commodity prices and additional inflation. For a discussion of certain risks related to inflation and costs, refer to the risk factor titled The Company and certain of its suppliers and customers have experienced difficulties obtaining certain raw materials and components, and the cost of most of the Company s raw materials and components is increasing in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rates The Company conducts business in many foreign currencies through its worldwide operations, and as a result is subject to foreign exchange exposure due to changes in exchange rates of the various currencies, including possible currency devaluations. Changes in exchange rates can positively or negatively affect the Company s sales, operating margins and equity. The Company attempts to mitigate currency risk in a number of ways, such as locating factories in the same country or region in which products are sold, hedging contracts, cost reduction and pricing actions or working capital management. However, there can be no assurance that any or all such actions taken by the Company will be fully effective in successfully managing currency risk, including in the event of a significant and sudden decline in the value of any of the foreign currencies of the Company s worldwide operations. For further discussion of foreign exchange exposures, risks and uncertainties, refer to the risk factor titled The Company s results can be positively or negatively affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to assessing the Company s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows in accordance with U.S. GAAP, management utilizes certain non-GAAP financial measures, defined below, as part of its internal reviews for purposes of monitoring, evaluating and forecasting the Company s financial performance, communicating operating results to the Board and assessing related employee compensation measures. Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures may be helpful to investors in assessing the Company s overall financial performance, trends and year-over-year comparative results, in addition to the reasons noted below. Non-GAAP financial measures related to operating income, operating margin, net income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation, effective tax rate and diluted EPS from continuing operations exclude income and expenses that are not directly related to the Company s operating performance during the years presented. Items excluded in the presentation of such non-GAAP financial measures in any period may consist of, without limitation, acquisition-related expenses, refinancing-related costs, and certain discrete tax items including but not limited to (i) the excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation and (ii) the impact of significant changes in tax law. Non-GAAP financial measures related to net sales exclude the impact of foreign currency exchange rates and acquisitions. Non-GAAP financial measures and their most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures presented within this Item 7 are on a continuing operations basis only and exclude any results associated with discontinued operations. The non-GAAP financial information contained herein is included for supplemental purposes only and should not be considered in isolation, as a substitute for or superior to the related U.S. GAAP financial measures. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures are not necessarily the same or comparable to similar measures presented by other companies as such measures may be calculated differently or may exclude different items. The non-GAAP financial measures defined below should be read in conjunction with the Company s financial statements presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are included in Results of Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources within this Item 7: Adjusted Diluted EPS is defined as diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (as reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP), excluding income and expenses and their specific tax effects that are not directly related to the Company s operating performance during the years presented. Adjusted Diluted EPS is calculated as Adjusted Net Income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation, as defined below, divided by the weighted average outstanding diluted shares as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Adjusted Effective Tax Rate is defined as Provision for income taxes, as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income, expressed as a percentage of Income from continuing operations before income taxes, as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income, each excluding income and expenses and their specific tax effects that are not directly related to the Company s operating performance during the years presented. Adjusted Net Income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation is defined as Net income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation, as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income, excluding income and expenses and their specific tax effects that are not directly related to the Company s operating performance during the years presented. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Adjusted Operating Income is defined as Operating income, as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income, excluding income and expenses that are not directly related to the Company s operating performance during the years presented. Adjusted Operating Margin is defined as Adjusted Operating Income (as defined above) expressed as a percentage of Net sales (as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income). Constant Currency Net Sales Growth is defined as the year-over-year percentage change in net sales growth, excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company s results are subject to volatility related to foreign currency translation fluctuations. As such, management evaluates the Company s sales performance based on actual sales growth in U.S. dollars, as well as Organic Net Sales Growth (defined below) and Constant Currency Net Sales Growth, and believes that such information is useful to investors to assess the underlying sales trends. Free Cash Flow is defined as (i) Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations Operating Cash Flow - as reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP) less (ii) capital expenditures (as reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP), net of proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment (as reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP), all of which are derived from the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow. Free Cash Flow is an important liquidity measure for the Company, as we believe it is useful for management and investors to assess our ability to generate cash, as well as to assess how much cash can be used to reinvest in the growth of the Company or to return to stockholders through either stock repurchases or dividends. Organic Net Sales Growth is defined as the year-over-year percentage change in net sales growth resulting from operating volume and pricing changes, and excludes the impact of (i) changes in foreign currency exchange rates (described above), which is outside the control of the Company, and (ii) acquisitions, both of which are taken as a percentage of the respective prior year period(s) net sales. The acquisition impact represents the percentage impact on net sales resulting from acquisitions that have not been included in the Company s consolidated results for the full current year period(s) and/or prior comparable year period(s) presented. Such net sales related to these acquisitions do not reflect the underlying growth of the Company on a comparative basis. Management evaluates the Company s sales performance based on actual sales growth in U.S. dollars, as well as Constant Currency Net Sales Growth (defined above) and Organic Net Sales Growth, and believes that such information is useful to investors to assess the underlying sales trends. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements, including those adopted by the Company. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management bases its estimates on historical experience along with other assumptions that we believe are reasonable in formulating our bases for making judgements regarding the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent elsewhere. Estimates are adjusted as new information becomes available. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company believes that the following accounting policies and estimates are most critical since they require significant assumptions and judgments that inherently are subject to risks and uncertainties. The significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Revenue Recognition The Company s net sales in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented under Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (collectively with its related subsequent amendments, Topic 606 ). The Company s primary source of revenues consist of product sales to either end customers and their appointed contract manufacturers (including original equipment manufacturers) or to distributors. Our revenues are derived from contracts with customers, which in most cases are customer purchase orders that may be governed by master sales agreements. For each contract, the promise to transfer the control of the products, each of which is individually distinct, is considered to be the identified 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 performance obligation. As part of the consideration promised in each contract, the Company evaluates the customer s credit risk. Our contracts do not have any significant financing components, as payment terms are generally due net 30 to 120 days after delivery. Although products are almost always sold at fixed prices, in determining the transaction price, we evaluate whether the price is subject to refund (due to returns) or adjustment (due to volume discounts, rebates, or price concessions) to determine the net consideration we expect to be entitled to. We allocate the transaction price to each distinct product based on its relative standalone selling price. Taxes assessed by governmental authorities and collected from the customer, including but not limited to sales and use taxes and value-added taxes, are not included in the transaction price. The vast majority of our sales are recognized at a point-in-time under the core principle of recognizing revenue when control transfers to the customer, which generally occurs when we ship or deliver the product from our manufacturing facility to our customers, when our customer accepts and has legal title of the goods, and where the Company has a present right to payment for such goods. Based on the respective contract terms, most of our contracts revenues are recognized either (i) upon shipment based on free on board FOB shipping point or (ii) when the product arrives at its destination. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, less than 5 of our net sales were recognized over time, where the associated contracts relate to the sale of goods with no alternative use as they are only sold to a single customer and whose underlying contract terms provide the Company with an enforceable right to payment, including a reasonable profit margin, for performance completed to date, in the event of customer termination. For the contracts recognized over time, we typically record revenue using the input method, based on the materials and labor costs incurred to date relative to the contract s total estimated costs. This method reasonably depicts when and as control of the goods transfers to the customer, since it measures our progress in producing the goods which is generally commensurate with this transfer of control. Since we typically invoice our customers at the same time that we satisfy our performance obligations, contract assets and contract liabilities related to our contracts with customers recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Standard product warranty coverage, which provides assurance that our products will conform to the contractually agreed-upon specifications for a limited period from the date of shipment, is typically offered, while extended or separately priced warranty coverage is typically not offered. The warranty claim is generally limited to a credit equal to the purchase price or a promise to repair or replace the product for a specified period of time at no additional charge. We estimate our warranty liability based on historical experience, product history, and current trends. Income Taxes Deferred income taxes are provided for revenue and expenses which are recognized in different periods for income tax and financial statement reporting purposes. The Company recognizes the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on deferred income taxes in the period in which legislation is enacted. Deferred income taxes are provided on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries in the period in which the Company determines it no longer intends to permanently reinvest such earnings outside the United States. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not provided for deferred income taxes on undistributed foreign earnings of approximately 1,100 related to certain geographies, as it is the Company s intention to permanently reinvest such earnings outside the United States. It is impracticable to calculate the amount of taxes that would be payable if these undistributed foreign earnings were to be repatriated. In addition, the Company remains indefinitely reinvested with respect to its financial statement basis in excess of tax basis of its investments in foreign subsidiaries. It is not practicable to determine the deferred tax liability with respect to such basis differences. Deferred tax assets are regularly assessed for recoverability based on both historical and anticipated earnings levels and a valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that these amounts will not be recovered. The tax effects of an uncertain tax position taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns are recognized only if it is more likely than not to be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on its technical merits as of the reporting date. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company includes estimated interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. As a result of the Tax Act, the global intangible low-taxed income GILTI provision imposed a tax on certain earnings o f foreign subsidiaries. The Company elected an accounting policy to account for GILTI as a period cost. The U.S. Treasury Department has issued final interpretive guidance relating to certain provisions of the Tax Act and proposed additional guidance related to the same provisions. The Company will account for the impact of additional guidance in the period in which any new guidance is released, if appropriate. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk amounts in millions The Company, in the normal course of doing business, is exposed to a variety of risks, including market risks associated with foreign currency exchange rates and changes in interest rates. The Company does not have any significant concentration with any one counterparty. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk The Company conducts business in many foreign currencies through its worldwide operations, and as a result is subject to foreign exchange exposure due to changes in exchange rates of the various currencies. Changes in exchange rates can positively or negatively affect the Company s sales, operating margins and equity. The Company attempts to mitigate currency risk in a number of ways, such as locating factories in the same country or region in which products are sold, hedging contracts, cost reduction and pricing actions or working capital management. However, there can be no assurance that any or all such actions taken by the Company will be fully effective in successfully managing currency risk, including in the event of a significant and sudden decline in the value of any of the foreign currencies of the Company s worldwide operations. One of the Company s wholly owned European subsidiaries (the Euro Issuer has two outstanding unsecured senior notes issued in Europe (collectively, the Euro Notes ), each of which were issued with a principal amount of 500.0. The 0.750 Euro Senior Notes, which were issued in May 2020, mature on May 4, 2026, while the 2.000 Euro Senior Notes, which were issued in October 2018, mature on October 8, 2028. The Company and the Euro Issuer also have a commercial paper program (the Euro Commercial Paper Program and, together with the U.S. Commercial Paper Program, the Commercial Paper Programs ), pursuant to which the Euro Issuer may issue, outside of the United States, short-term unsecured commercial paper notes. While the Euro Notes are denominated in Euros, the Company may borrow, from time to time, under the Revolving Credit Facility and Euro Commercial Paper Program, and such borrowings have been and may continue to be denominated in various foreign currencies, including the Euro. When borrowing in foreign currencies, there can be no assurance that the Company can successfully manage changes in exchange rates, including in the event of a significant and sudden decline in the value of any of the foreign currencies in which such borrowings are made. Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of debt. The Company also utilizes foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for exposures associated with (i) certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies and (ii) net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries from which we expect to repatriate earnings to the United States. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of such foreign exchange forward contracts was not material. A 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates would not have a material effect on the value of the hedges as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company does not engage in purchasing forward contracts for trading or speculative purposes, and our derivative financial instruments are with large financial institutions with strong credit ratings. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have any significant concentration of exposure with any one counterparty. Refer to Note 1 and Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of derivative financial instruments. Interest Rate Risk The Company is subject to market risk from exposure to changes in interest rates based on the Company s financing activities. The Company manages its exposure to interest rate risk through a mix of fixed and variable rate debt. The Company currently has various fixed rate senior notes outstanding, in both the United States and Europe, with various maturity dates, the most recent of which was issued in 2021. In September 2021, the Company issued 750.0 principal amount of unsecured 2.200 Senior Notes due September 15, 2031, the net proceeds of which were used to repay certain outstanding borrowings under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program. Any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at rates that fluctuate with a spread that varies, based on the Company s debt rating, over certain currency-specific benchmark rates, which benchmark rates in the case of U.S. dollar borrowings are either the base rate or the adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). Similarly, any borrowings under the two-year, 750.0 unsecured delayed draw term loan credit agreement (the 2022 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Term Loan entered into by the Company in April of 2022, bear interest at rates that fluctuate with a spread that varies, based on the Company s debt rating, over either the base rate or the adjusted term SOFR. Any borrowings under the Commercial Paper Programs are subject to floating interest rates. Therefore, when the Company borrows under these debt instruments, the Company is exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 640, or 14 , of the Company s outstan ding borrowings, primarily under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program, were subject to floating interest rates; the Company s weighted average floating rate on borrowings under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program as of December 31, 2022 was 4.69 . As of December 31, 2021, approximately 804, or 17 , of the Company s outstan ding borrowings, primarily under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program, were subject to floating interest rates; the Company s weighted average floating rate on borrowings under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program as of December 31, 2021 was 0.29 . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, 2022 Term Loan, and Euro Commercial Paper Program. As a result of recent increases in the federal funds rate by the U.S. Federal Reserve, the floating interest rates related to our U.S. Commercial Paper Program increased substantially over the course of 2022, a trend that could continue throughout 2023. Consequently, the Company currently expects the floating interest rates related to its U.S. Commercial Paper Program (as well as its Revolving Credit Facility and 2022 Term Loan, to the extent either are drawn upon in the future) to continue to increase in the first quarter of 2023 and potentially beyond, which is expected to result in increased interest expense in 2023 as compared to 2022. A 10 change in the interest rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021 under our Revolving Credit Facility, 2022 Term Loan or Commercial Paper Programs would not have a material effect on interest expense. Although the Company does not expect changes in interest rates to have a material effect on income or cash flows in 2023, primarily due to our current expected limited reliance on borrowings tied to floating rates of interest, there can be no assurance that interest rates will not change significantly from current levels. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Amphenol Corporation Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Amphenol Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flow, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (generally accepted accounting principles). Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Income Taxes Unrecognized Tax Benefits Refer to Notes 1 and 6 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company operates in the U.S. and numerous foreign taxable jurisdictions, and at any point in time has numerous audits underway at various stages of completion. The Company evaluates its tax positions and establishes liabilities for uncertain tax positions that may be challenged by tax authorities and may not be fully sustained, despite the Company s belief that the underlying tax positions are fully supportable. The tax effects of an uncertain tax position taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns are recognized only if it is more likely than not to be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on its technical merits as of the reporting date. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Management judgment is required to identify and evaluate each uncertain tax position to determine whether the more likely than not recognition thresholds have been met. Further, the evaluation of each uncertain tax position requires management to apply specialized skill and knowledge related to the identified position. The Company has unrecognized tax benefits of 199.9 million, including penalties and interest, as of December 31, 2022. We identified the liabilities for uncertain tax positions as a critical audit matter because of the complexity created by the multiple jurisdictions in which the Company files its tax returns, each of which has differing and complex tax laws and regulations. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our income tax specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate management s identification of uncertain tax positions, the estimates of the amounts to be realized and whether it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to uncertain tax positions included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of controls over the uncertain tax positions for income taxes, including management s controls over the identification and recording of uncertain tax positions as well as the determination of whether it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained. With the assistance of our income tax specialists, we evaluated management s significant judgements regarding uncertain tax positions including: o Assessing the reasonableness of the methods and assumptions used by management to identify uncertain tax positions including but not limited to: Evaluating former and ongoing tax audits by tax authorities Evaluating transactions for which third-party tax advice or tax opinions were received Determining if there s any additional information available to us that was not identified and considered in management s assessment. o Assessing the technical merits of a sample of positions identified and the reasonableness of the methodology used to determine the uncertain tax liability. o Evaluating management s conclusion with respect to whether uncertain tax positions accounted for in prior periods have been effectively settled and/or whether the statute of limitations has expired and, if so, whether the resolution of the tax position has been appropriately accounted for in the financial statements. o Evaluating tax positions that have not yet settled or are within statute to determine whether any new information regarding the sustainability of these tax positions or measurement of tax benefit is present such that a previously unrecognized uncertain tax position is recognized. /s/ February 8, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1997. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Income (dollars and shares in millions, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Acquisition-related expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) ) Net income from continuing operations Less: Net income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income from continuing operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation Income from discontinued operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation, net of income taxes of for 2021 Net income attributable to Amphenol Corporation Net income per common share attributable to Amphenol Corporation Basic: Continuing operations Discontinued operations, net of income taxes Net income attributable to Amphenol Corporation Basic Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Net income per common share attributable to Amphenol Corporation Diluted: Continuing operations Discontinued operations, net of income taxes Net income attributable to Amphenol Corporation Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted Dividends declared per common share Note: Per share amounts may not add due to rounding. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (dollars in millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income from continuing operations Add: Income from discontinued operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation, net of income taxes Net income before allocation to noncontrolling interests Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized loss on hedging activities ) ) Pension and postretirement benefit plan adjustment Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Amphenol Corporation See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION Consolidated Balance Sheets (dollars and shares in millions, except per share data) 

December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other long-term assets Total Assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST AND EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued salaries, wages and employee benefits Accrued income taxes Accrued dividends Other accrued expenses Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion Accrued pension and postretirement benefit obligations Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 14) Redeemable noncontrolling interest Equity: Class A Common Stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost; shares and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity attributable to Amphenol Corporation Noncontrolling interests Total Equity Total Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (dollars and shares in millions, except per share data) Stockholders equity attributable to Amphenol Corporation Accumulated Redeemable Additional Other Non- Non- Common Stock Treasury Stock Paid-in Retained Comprehensive controlling Total controlling Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Earnings Loss Interests (1) Equity Interest Balance as of January 1, 2020 ) ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of credit loss standard (ASU 2016-13) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Acquisitions resulting in noncontrolling interests Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Distributions to shareholders of noncontrolling interests ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) Stock options exercised ) Dividends declared per common share) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Acquisitions resulting in noncontrolling interests Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) Distributions to shareholders of noncontrolling interests ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) Stock options exercised ) Dividends declared per common share) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Distributions to shareholders of noncontrolling interests ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) Stock options exercised ) Dividends declared per common share) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) (1) Excludes redeemable noncontrolling interest. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow (dollars in millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash from operating activities: Net income from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile net income from continuing operations to net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income tax (benefit) provision ) ) Net change in operating assets and liabilities, excluding effects of acquisitions: Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued income taxes ) ) Other accrued liabilities Accrued pension and postretirement benefits ) Other long-term assets and liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations Net cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations Net cash provided by operating activities Cash from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment Purchases of investments ) ) ) Sales and maturities of investments Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations ) ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of senior notes and other long-term debt Repayments of senior notes and other long-term debt ) ) ) Borrowings under credit facilities Repayments under credit facilities ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings Repayments of short-term borrowings ) (Repayments) borrowings under commercial paper programs, net ) ) Payment of costs related to debt financing ) ) ) Payment of acquisition-related contingent consideration ) Payment of deferred purchase price related to acquisitions ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Distributions to and purchases of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Dividend payments ) ) ) Transfers to discontinued operations ) Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities from discontinued operations ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents balance, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents balance, end of year Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes, net See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 AMPHENOL CORPORATION Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (All amounts included in the following Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise noted) newly formed reportable business segments: Harsh Environment Solutions the Harsh Environment Solutions segment designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of ruggedized interconnect products, including connectors and interconnect systems, printed circuits and printed circuit assemblies and other products for use in the industrial, military, commercial aerospace, automotive, mobile networks and information technology and data communications end markets. Communications Solutions the Communications Solutions segment designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of connector and interconnect systems, including high speed, radio frequency, power, fiber optic and other products, together with antennas, for use in the information technology and data communications, mobile devices, industrial, mobile networks, broadband communications, automotive, commercial aerospace and military end markets. Interconnect and Sensor Systems the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of sensors, sensor-based systems, connectors and value-add interconnect systems used in the automotive, industrial, information technology and data communications, mobile networks, military and commercial aerospace end markets. This new alignment replaced our historic reportable business segments. The Company began reporting under its new reportable segments in connection with its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022 and for each quarterly period thereafter. Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ), the Company is reporting under the new reportable segments structure, which includes the recasting of relevant segment information for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, in order to enable year-over-year segment comparisons. Refer to Note 13 herein for further details related to the Company s change in its reportable business segments effective January 1, 2022. Prior to 2022 and through December 31, 2021, the Company operated through reportable business segments: Interconnect Products and Assemblies The Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment primarily designed, manufactured and marketed a broad range of connector and connector systems, value-add products and other products, including antennas and sensors, used in a wide range of applications in a diverse set of end markets. Cable Products and Solutions The Cable Products and Solutions segment primarily designed, manufactured and marketed cable, value-add products and components for use primarily in the broadband communications and information technology markets, as well as certain applications in other markets. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 to for machinery and equipment and office equipment and to for buildings. Leasehold building improvements are amortized over the shorter of the remaining lease term or estimated useful life of such improvements. The Company periodically reviews fixed asset lives. Depreciation expense is included in both Cost of sales and Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income, dependent upon the specific categorization and use of the underlying asset being depreciated. The Company assesses the impairment of property, plant and equipment subject to depreciation, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors the Company considers important, which could trigger an impairment review, include significant changes in the manner of the use of the asset, significant changes in historical trends in operating performance, significant changes in projected operating performance, and significant negative economic trends. There have been impairments recorded in 2022, 2021 or 2020 as a result of such reviews. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 and . The remaining leases consist primarily of machinery and equipment used in production, office equipment and vehicles, each with various lease terms. The vast majority of our leases are comprised of fixed lease payments, with a small percentage of the Company s real estate leases including lease payments tied to a rate or index which may be subject to variability. Certain real estate leases also include executory costs such as common area maintenance (non-lease component), as well as property insurance and property taxes (non-components). Lease payments, which may include lease components, non-lease components and non-components, are included in the measurement of the Company s lease liabilities to the extent that such payments are either fixed amounts or variable amounts based on a rate or index (fixed in substance) as stipulated in the lease contract. Any actual costs in excess of such amounts are expensed as incurred as variable lease cost. Substantially all of our lease agreements do not specify an implicit borrowing rate, and as such, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate by lease term, in order to calculate the present value of our future lease payments. The discount rate represents a risk-adjusted rate on a secured basis, and is the rate at which the Company would borrow funds to satisfy the scheduled lease liability payment streams commensurate with the lease term. For new or renewed leases, the discount rate is determined using available data at lease commencement and based on the lease term including any reasonably certain renewal periods. Some of our lease agreements, primarily related to real estate, include options for the Company to either renew (extend) or early terminate the lease. Leases with renewal options allow the Company to extend the lease term typically between and . Renewal options are reviewed at lease commencement to determine if such options are reasonably certain of being exercised, which could impact the lease term. When determining if a renewal option is reasonably certain of being exercised, the Company considers several factors, including but not limited to, the significance of leasehold improvements incurred on the property, whether the asset is difficult to replace, or specific characteristics unique to the particular lease that would make it reasonably certain that we would exercise such option. In most cases and unless there is an economic, financial or business reason to do so, the Company has concluded that renewal and early termination options are not reasonably certain of being exercised by the Company (and thus not included in our ROU asset and lease liability). Refer to Note 10 herein for further information related to our lease portfolio. new reportable business segments. Prior to the segment structure change and through December 31, 2021, the Company then defined its reporting units as the reportable business segments Interconnect Products and Assemblies and Cable Products and Solutions . 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 reporting units, while in 2021 and 2020, the Company performed its annual assessment on the historic reporting units that were then in effect. In the third quarter of 2022 and 2021, as part of our annual evaluations, the Company utilized the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it was necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment assessment. As part of these assessments, the Company reviews qualitative factors which include, but are not limited to, economic, market and industry conditions, as well as the financial performance of each reporting unit. In accordance with applicable guidance, an entity is not required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit if, after assessing these qualitative factors, the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of its reporting units is greater than its respective carrying amount. As of July 1, 2022 and 2021, the Company determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each of its reporting units exceeded its respective carrying amount and, therefore, a quantitative assessment was not required. As a result, goodwill impairment resulted from the assessment as of July 1, 2022 and 2021. The Company has t recognized any goodwill impairment in 2022, 2021 or 2020 in connection with our annual impairment assessments. Refer to Note 12 herein for further details related to the carrying amount of goodwill by segment. impairment associated with our intangible assets in 2022, 2021 or 2020 as a result of such reviews. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 to after delivery. Although products are almost always sold at fixed prices, in determining the transaction price, we evaluate whether the price is subject to refund (due to returns) or adjustment (due to volume discounts, rebates, or price concessions) to determine the net consideration we expect to be entitled to. We allocate the transaction price to each distinct product based on its relative standalone selling price. Taxes assessed by governmental authorities and collected from the customer, including but not limited to sales and use taxes and value-added taxes, are not included in the transaction price. The vast majority of our sales are recognized at a point-in-time under the core principle of recognizing revenue when control transfers to the customer. With limited exceptions, the Company recognizes revenue at the point in time when we ship or deliver the product from our manufacturing facility to our customer, when our customer accepts and has legal title of the goods, and where the Company has a present right to payment for such goods. Based on the respective contract terms, most of our contracts revenues are recognized either (i) upon shipment based on free on board FOB shipping point or (ii) when the product arrives at its destination. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, less than of our net sales were recognized over time, where the associated contracts relate to the sale of goods with no alternative use as they are only sold to a single customer and whose underlying contract terms provide the Company with an enforceable right to payment, including a reasonable profit margin, for performance completed to date, in the event of customer termination. For the contracts recognized over time, we typically record revenue using the input method, based on the materials and labor costs incurred to date relative to the contract s total estimated costs. This method reasonably depicts when and as control of the goods transfers to the customer, since it measures our progress in producing the goods, which is generally commensurate with this transfer of control. Since we typically invoice our customers at the same time that we satisfy our performance obligations, contract assets and contract liabilities related to our contracts with customers recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company receives customer orders negotiated with multiple delivery dates that may extend across more than reporting period until the contract is fulfilled, the end of the order period is reached, or a pre-determined maximum order value has been reached. Orders typically fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on customer demand and general business conditions. It is generally expected that a substantial portion of our remaining performance obligations will be fulfilled within . Nearly all of our performance obligations are fulfilled within . Since our performance obligations are part of contracts that generally have original durations of one year or less, we have not 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 , these amounts are generally recorded as current in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets within Prepaid expenses and other current assets or Other accrued expenses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Contract assets and contract liabilities recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Contract Costs The Company s policy is to capitalize any incremental costs incurred to obtain a customer contract, only to the extent that such costs are explicitly chargeable to the customer and the benefit associated with the costs is expected to be longer than one year. Otherwise, such costs are expensed as incurred and recorded within Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. Incremental costs to fulfill customer orders, which are mostly comprised of pre-production and set-up costs, are generally capitalized to the extent such costs are contractually guaranteed to be reimbursed by the customer. Otherwise, such costs are expensed as incurred. Capitalized contract costs to obtain a contract or to fulfill a contract that are not accounted for under other existing accounting standards are recorded as either other current or long-term assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, depending on the timing of when the Company expects to recognize the expense, and are generally amortized consistent with the timing of when transfer of control of the related goods occurs. Such capitalized contract costs were 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 related to certain geographies, as it is the Company s intention to permanently reinvest such earnings outside the United States. It is impracticable to calculate the amount of taxes that would be payable if these undistributed foreign earnings were to be repatriated. In addition, the Company remains indefinitely reinvested with respect to its financial statement basis in excess of tax basis of its investments in foreign subsidiaries. It is not practicable to determine the deferred tax liability with respect to such basis differences. Deferred tax assets are regularly assessed for recoverability based on both historical and anticipated earnings levels and a valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that these amounts will not be recovered. The tax effects of an uncertain tax position taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns are recognized only if it is more likely than not to be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on its technical merits as of the reporting date. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company includes estimated interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. As a result of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Act ), the global intangible low-taxed income GILTI provision imposed a tax on certain earnings of foreign subsidiaries. The Company elected an accounting policy to account for GILTI as a period cost. The U.S. Treasury Department has issued final interpretive guidance relating to certain provisions of the Tax Act and proposed additional guidance related to the same provisions. The Company will account for the impact of additional guidance in the period in which any new guidance is released, if appropriate. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 , , and , for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively. Gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges resulting from changes in fair value are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), and subsequently reflected in Cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Income in a manner that matches the timing of the actual income or expense of such instruments with that of the hedged transaction. Any ineffective portion of the change in the fair value of designated hedging instruments is included in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Cash flows associated with cash flow hedges are classified and reported consistent with the cash flows associated with the underlying hedged item. Net Investment Hedges The Company is exposed to variability in the U.S. dollar equivalent of the net investments in our foreign subsidiaries and, by extension, the U.S. dollar equivalent of any foreign earnings repatriated to the U.S. due to potential changes in foreign currency exchange rates. As a result, the Company enters into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge the net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries from which we expect to repatriate earnings to the United States. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate notional value of our outstanding net investment hedge contracts was and , respectively. For such instruments that are designated and qualify as a net investment hedge, the effective portion of the hedging instrument s gain or loss is reported as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) and recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The gain or loss will be subsequently reclassified into net earnings if the net investment in the hedged foreign operation is either sold or substantially liquidated. Cash flows associated with net investment hedges are classified and reported within investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow. Cash flows associated with our net investment hedges were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Non-Designated Derivatives The Company enters into certain derivative financial instruments, from time to time, that are not designated as hedging instruments. The Company enters into such foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce and minimize the impact of foreign currency fluctuations arising from the change in fair value of certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. These non-designated derivative instruments are adjusted to fair value each period through earnings, within the financial statement line item to which the derivative instrument relates. For each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, such non-designated derivative instruments, including their impact to the Consolidated Statements of Income, were not material to the Company. Cash flows associated with non-designated hedges are classified and reported consistent with the cash flows associated with the underlying hedged item. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Work in process Finished goods 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Office equipment and other Accumulated depreciation ) ) Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. U.S. Commercial Paper Program (less unamortized discount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) November 2026 Euro Commercial Paper Program November 2026 Term Loan Credit Facility April 2024 Senior Notes (less unamortized discount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) April 2024 Senior Notes (less unamortized discount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) March 2025 Euro Senior Notes (less unamortized discount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) May 2026 Euro Senior Notes (less unamortized discount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) October 2028 Senior Notes (less unamortized discount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) June 2029 Senior Notes (less unamortized discount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) February 2030 Senior Notes (less unamortized discount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) September 2031 Other debt 2023-2029 Less: unamortized deferred debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt Less: current portion Total long-term debt 

 (1) The fair value of each series of the Company s Senior Notes is based on recent bid prices in an active market and is therefore classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy (Note 5). Revolving Credit Facility On November 30, 2021, the Company amended and restated its unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). As a result, the Revolving Credit Facility no longer references LIBOR for interest rate determinations. The Revolving Credit Facility maintains the lenders aggregate commitments under the facility at . The Revolving Credit Facility matures in November 2026 and gives the Company the ability to borrow, in various currencies, at a spread that varies, based on the Company s debt rating, over certain currency-specific benchmark rates, which benchmark rates in the case of U.S. dollar borrowings are either the base rate or the adjusted term SOFR. The Company may utilize the Revolving Credit Facility for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022 and 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. The carrying value of any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility would approximate their fair value due primarily to their market interest rates and would be classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy (Note 5). Any outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are classified as long-term debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Revolving Credit Facility requires payment of certain annual agency and commitment fees and requires that the Company satisfy certain financial covenants. Term Loan Credit Facility On April 19, 2022, the Company entered into a , unsecured delayed draw term loan credit agreement (the 2022 Term Loan ), which is scheduled to mature on . The 2022 Term Loan was undrawn at closing and may be drawn on up to occasions over the life of the facility. The 2022 Term Loan may be repaid at any time without premium or penalty, and, once repaid, cannot be reborrowed. When drawn upon, the proceeds from the 2022 Term Loan are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. Interest rates under the 2022 Term Loan are based on a spread over either the base rate or the adjusted term SOFR, which spread varies based on the Company s debt rating. The carrying value of any borrowings under the 2022 Term Loan would approximate its fair value due primarily to its market interest rates and would be classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy (Note 5). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet drawn upon the 2022 Term Loan, and as such, there were outstanding borrowings under the 2022 Term Loan. The 2022 Term Loan requires payment of certain commitment fees and requires that the Company satisfy certain financial covenants, which financial covenants are the same as those under the Revolving Credit Facility. Commercial Paper Programs The Company has a commercial paper program (the U.S. Commercial Paper Program pursuant to which the Company may issue short-term unsecured commercial paper notes (the USCP Notes or U.S. Commercial Paper in one or more private placements in the United States. The maturities of the USCP Notes vary, but may not exceed from the date of issue. The USCP Notes are sold under customary terms in the commercial paper market and may be issued at par or a discount therefrom, and bear varying interest rates on a fixed or floating basis. The maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding of USCP Notes at any time is . The Company utilizes borrowings under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program for general corporate purposes, which in recent years, have included fully or partially funding acquisitions, as well as repaying certain outstanding senior notes, such as (i) the third quarter 2021 redemption of its unsecured Senior Notes (the 2021 Senior Notes due September 15, 2021, of which aggregate principal amount was then outstanding and (ii) the fourth quarter 2021 redemption of its unsecured Senior Notes (the 2022 Senior Notes due February 1, 2022, of which aggregate principal amount was then outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of USCP Notes outstanding was , with a weighted average interest rate of . As of December 31, 2021, the amount of USCP Notes outstanding was , with a weighted average interest rate of . The Company and of its wholly owned European subsidiaries (the Euro Issuer also have a commercial paper program (the Euro Commercial Paper Program and, together with the U.S. Commercial Paper Program, the Commercial Paper Programs ), pursuant to which the Euro Issuer may issue short-term unsecured commercial paper notes (the ECP Notes and, together with the USCP Notes, the Commercial Paper ), which are guaranteed by the Company and are to be issued outside of the United States. The maturities of the ECP Notes will vary, but may not exceed from the date of issue. The ECP Notes are sold under customary terms in the commercial paper market and may be issued at par or a discount therefrom or a premium thereto and bear varying interest rates on a fixed or floating basis. The ECP Notes may be issued in Euros, Sterling, U.S. dollars or other currencies. The maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding of ECP Notes at any time is . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were ECP Notes outstanding under the Euro Commercial Paper Program. Amounts available under the Commercial Paper Programs may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed from time to time. In conjunction with the Revolving Credit Facility, as of December 31, 2022, the authorization from the Company s Board of Directors (the Board limits the maximum principal amount outstanding of USCP Notes, ECP Notes, and any other commercial paper or similar programs, along with outstanding amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility, at any time to in the aggregate. The Commercial Paper Programs are rated A-2 by Standard Poor s and P-2 by Moody s and, based on the Board s authorization described above, are currently backstopped by the Revolving Credit Facility, as amounts undrawn under the Company s Revolving Credit Facility are available to repay Commercial Paper, if necessary. Net proceeds of the issuances of Commercial Paper are expected to be used for general 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 principal amount of unsecured Senior Notes due at of face value (the 2031 Senior Notes ). The 2031 Senior Notes are unsecured and rank equally in right of payment with the Company s and the Euro Issuer s other unsecured senior indebtedness. Interest on the 2031 Senior Notes is payable semiannually on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on March 15, 2022. Prior to June 15, 2031, the Company may, at its option, redeem some or all of the 2031 Senior Notes at any time by paying the redemption price (which includes a make-whole premium), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption. If redeemed on or after June 15, 2031, the Company may, at its option, redeem some or all of the 2031 Senior Notes at any time by paying the redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption. The Company used the net proceeds from the 2031 Senior Notes to repay certain outstanding borrowings under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program. On February 20, 2020, the Company issued principal amount of unsecured Senior Notes due at of face value (the 2025 Senior Notes ). The 2025 Senior Notes are unsecured and rank equally in right of payment with the Company s and the Euro Issuer s other unsecured senior indebtedness. Interest on the 2025 Senior Notes is payable semiannually on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing on September 1, 2020. Prior to February 1, 2025, the Company may, at its option, redeem some or all of the 2025 Senior Notes at any time by paying the redemption price (which includes a make-whole premium), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption. If redeemed on or after February 1, 2025, the Company may, at its option, redeem some or all of the 2025 Senior Notes at any time by paying the redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption. On April 1, 2020, the Company used the net proceeds from the 2025 Senior Notes, together with cash on hand, to repay the outstanding principal amount of unsecured Senior Notes due April 1, 2020 upon maturity. All of the Company s outstanding senior notes in the United States (the U.S. Senior Notes are unsecured and rank equally in right of payment with the Company s and the Euro Issuer s other unsecured senior indebtedness. Interest on each series of U.S. Senior Notes is payable semiannually. The Company may, at its option, redeem some or all of any series of U.S. Senior Notes at any time, subject to certain terms and conditions, which include paying of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption, and, with certain exceptions, a make-whole premium. Euro Senior Notes The Euro Issuer has outstanding unsecured senior notes issued in Europe. In 2020, the Euro Issuer issued (approximately at date of issuance) principal amount of unsecured Senior Notes due at of face value (the 2026 Euro Notes or the Euro Senior Notes ), the net proceeds of which were used to repay amounts outstanding under the then existing revolving credit facility. The Euro Issuer also has (approximately at date of issuance) principal amount of unsecured Senior Notes due at of face value (the 2028 Euro Notes or the Euro Senior Notes , together with the 2026 Euro Notes, the Euro Notes , and collectively with the 2026 Euro Notes and the U.S. Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ), the net proceeds of which were used to repay a portion of the outstanding amounts under our Commercial Paper Programs, with the remainder of the net proceeds being used for general corporate purposes. The Euro Notes are unsecured and rank equally in right of payment with the Company s and the Euro Issuer s other unsecured senior indebtedness, and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company. Interest on the 2026 Euro Notes and 2028 Euro Notes is payable annually on May 4 and October 8 of each year, respectively. The Company may, at its option, redeem some or all of either series of Euro Notes at any time, subject to certain terms and conditions, which include paying of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption, and, with certain exceptions, a make-whole premium. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately of uncommitted standby letter of credit facilities, of which were issued. . The carrying amounts of these short-term and long-term instruments, the vast majority of which are in non-U.S. bank accounts, approximate their respective fair values. The Company s derivative instruments primarily consist of foreign exchange forward contracts, which are valued using bank quotations based on market observable inputs such as forward and spot rates and are therefore classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The impact of the credit risk related to these financial assets is immaterial. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Long-term investments Forward contracts Redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Total ) 2021 Short-term investments Forward contracts ) ) Redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Total ) ) The Company utilizes foreign exchange forward contracts, hedging instruments accounted for as cash flow hedges, in the management of foreign currency exposures. In addition, the Company also enters into foreign exchange forward contracts, accounted for as net investment hedges, to hedge our exposure to variability in the U.S. dollar equivalent of the net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of such foreign exchange forward contracts in the table above consisted primarily of (i) outstanding foreign exchange forward contract accounted for as a net investment hedge and (ii) various outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts accounted for as cash flow hedges. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair values of the Company s forward contracts are recorded within Prepaid expenses and other current assets, Other long-term assets, Other accrued expenses and Other long-term liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, depending on their value and remaining contractual period. Certain acquisitions may result in noncontrolling interest holders who, in certain cases, are entitled to a put option, giving them the ability to put some or all of their redeemable interest in the shares of the acquiree to the Company. Specifically, if exercised by the noncontrolling interest holder, Amphenol would be required to purchase some or all of the option holder s redeemable interest, at a redemption price during specified time period(s) stipulated in the respective acquisition agreement. The redeemable noncontrolling interest as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is related to the acquisition of Halo Technology Limited Halo ), which closed in December 2021, and based on the terms of the agreement, will remain in temporary equity until the put option is either fully exercised or expires. The redemption value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest is generally calculated using Level 3 unobservable inputs based on a multiple of earnings, which, for the redeemable noncontrolling interest currently outstanding, approximates fair value. As such, the redemption value is classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, and is recorded as Redeemable noncontrolling interest on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. A rollforward of the Redeemable noncontrolling interest for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is included in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity. With the exception of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with acquisition accounting, the Company does not have any other significant financial or non-financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. For further discussion and related policies regarding the Company s short- and long-term investments, derivative financial instruments, and redeemable noncontrolling interest, refer to Note 1 herein. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Foreign Current tax provision (benefit): United States ) Foreign Deferred tax provision (benefit): United States ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total provision for income taxes The United States federal government enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Tax Act in December 2017. As a result, in 2017, the Company recorded a transition tax Transition Tax related to the deemed repatriation of the accumulated unremitted earnings and profits of the Company s foreign subsidiaries. In the second quarter of 2022, the Company paid its fifth annual installment of the Transition Tax, net of applicable tax credits and deductions. The Company will pay the balance of the Transition Tax, net of applicable tax credits and deductions, over the remainder of the period ending 2025, as permitted under the Tax Act. The current and long-term portions of the Transition Tax are recorded in Accrued income taxes and Other long-term liabilities, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition, as a result of the Tax Act, the Company also recorded a tax charge, in 2017, related to changes in the Company s permanent reinvestment assertion, due to our intention to repatriate prior accumulated unremitted earnings from certain foreign subsidiaries over time. We will pay such taxes when those respective earnings are repatriated. At December 31, 2022, the Company had of foreign tax loss carryforwards, of U.S. state tax loss carryforwards and of U.S. federal tax loss carryforwards, of which , and , respectively, will either expire or be refunded at various dates through 2042 and the balance can be carried forward indefinitely. At December 31, 2022, the Company had of foreign tax credit carryforwards, of U.S. state tax credit carryforwards, and of U.S. federal tax credit carryforwards, of which , , and , respectively, will either expire or be refunded at various dates through 2042 and the balance can be carried forward indefinitely. A valuation allowance of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, has been recorded which relates primarily to the U.S. state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards and U.S. state tax credits. The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets decreased by in 2022, which was primarily driven by foreign currency exchange. The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets increased by in 2021, which was primarily driven by U.S. state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 State and local taxes, net Foreign earnings and dividends taxed at different rates U.S. tax on foreign income Excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation ) ) ) Settlements of uncertain tax positions in foreign jurisdictions including refund claims and related deferred taxes ) ) Other, net ) Effective tax rate The components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the following: Operating lease liabilities Operating loss and tax credit carryforwards Pensions Inventories Employee benefits Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances Deferred tax liabilities relating to: Goodwill Depreciation and amortization Operating lease right-of-use assets Unremitted foreign earnings Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liability Classification of deferred tax assets and liabilities, as reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Other long-term assets Deferred income taxes Net deferred tax liability, long-term A tabular reconciliation of the gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits excluding interest and penalties at the beginning and end of the year for 2022, 2021 and 2020 is shown below. Gross increases for tax positions in prior periods Gross increases for tax positions in current period Settlements ) ) Lapse of statutes of limitations ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 The Company includes estimated interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the provision for income taxes included a net expense (benefit) of , and , respectively, in estimated interest and penalties. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the liability for unrecognized tax benefits included , and , respectively, for tax-related interest and penalties. The Company operates in the U.S. and numerous foreign taxable jurisdictions, and at any point in time has numerous audits underway at various stages of completion. With few exceptions, the Company is subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years 2017 and after. The Company is generally not able to precisely estimate the ultimate settlement amounts or timing until the close of an audit. The Company evaluates its tax positions and establishes liabilities for uncertain tax positions that may be challenged by tax authorities and may not be fully sustained, despite the Company s belief that the underlying tax positions are fully supportable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of unrecognized tax benefits, including penalties and interest, which if recognized would impact the effective tax rate, was approximately and , respectively. Unrecognized tax benefits are reviewed on an ongoing basis and are adjusted for changing facts and circumstances, including the progress of tax audits and the closing of statutes of limitations. Based on information currently available, management anticipates that over the next twelve-month period, audit activity could be completed and statutes of limitations may close relating to existing unrecognized tax benefits of approximately . Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 On August 16, 2022, the President of the United States signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ), a tax and spending package that introduces several tax-related provisions, including a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on certain large corporations and a 1 excise tax on certain corporate stock repurchases. Companies will be required to reassess their valuation allowances for certain affected deferred tax assets in the period of enactment but will not need to remeasure deferred tax balances for the related tax accounting implications of the CAMT. The impact of these provisions, which became effective for Amphenol beginning on January 1, 2023, is dependent on several factors, including interpretive regulatory guidance, which has not yet been released. The Company has reviewed and assessed the provisions of the IRA, including several other non-tax related provisions, and the Company does not currently believe that the IRA will have a material impact on its financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. , and , respectively, the expense of which is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. In addition, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized aggregate income tax benefits (associated with stock-based compensation) of , and , respectively, in Provision for income taxes in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. These aggregate income tax benefits during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 include excess tax benefits of , and , respectively, from option exercises. The impact associated with recognizing excess tax benefits from option exercises in the provision for income taxes on our consolidated financial statements could result in significant fluctuations in our effective tax rate in the future, since the provision for income taxes will be impacted by the timing and intrinsic value of future stock-based compensation award exercises. Stock Options In May 2017, the Company adopted the 2017 Stock Purchase and Option Plan for Key Employees of Amphenol and Subsidiaries (the 2017 Employee Option Plan ), which provided for the issuance of shares. In March 2021, the Board authorized and approved the Amended and Restated 2017 Stock Purchase and Option Plan for Key Employees of Amphenol and Subsidiaries (the Amended 2017 Employee Option Plan and, together with the 2017 Employee Option Plan, the 2017 Option Plan ), which among other things, increased the number of shares reserved for issuance under the plan by shares. The Amended 2017 Employee Option Plan was approved by the Company s stockholders and became effective on May 19, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Common Stock available for the granting of additional stock options under the 2017 Option Plan. Prior to the approval 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 additional stock options will be granted under the 2009 Employee Option Plan. Options granted under the 2017 Option Plan and the 2009 Employee Option Plan generally vest ratably over a period of from the date of grant and are generally exercisable over a period of from the date of grant. Stock option activity for 2020, 2021 and 2022 was as follows: Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Options outstanding at December 31, 2020 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Options outstanding at December 31, 2021 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested and non-vested options expected to vest at December 31, 2022 Exercisable options at December 31, 2022 A summary of the status of the Company s non-vested options as of December 31, 2022 and changes during the year then ended is as follows: Options granted Options vested ) Options forfeited ) Non-vested options at December 31, 2022 The weighted average fair value at the grant date of options granted during 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the following activity occurred under the Company s option plans: Total fair value of stock options vested As of December 31, 2022, the total compensation cost related to non-vested options not yet recognized was approximately , with a weighted average expected amortization period of years. The grant-date fair value of each option grant under the 2009 Employee Option Plan and the 2017 Option Plan is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The grant-date fair value of each share grant is determined based on the closing share price of the Company s Common Stock on the date of the grant. The fair value is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting period. Use of a valuation model for option grants requires management to make certain assumptions with respect to selected 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Expected life years years years Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Restricted Stock In 2012, the Company adopted the 2012 Restricted Stock Plan for Directors of Amphenol Corporation (the 2012 Directors Restricted Stock Plan ). The 2012 Directors Restricted Stock Plan is administered by the Board. As of December 31, 2022, the number of restricted shares available for grant under the 2012 Directors Restricted Stock Plan was . Restricted shares granted under the 2012 Directors Restricted Stock Plan vest on the earlier of the first anniversary of the date of grant or the day immediately prior to the date of the next regular annual meeting of the Company s stockholders following such date of grant. Grants under the 2012 Directors Restricted Stock Plan entitle the holder to receive shares of the Company s Common Stock without payment. Restricted share activity for 2020, 2021 and 2022 was as follows: Restricted shares granted Shares vested and issued ) Restricted shares outstanding at December 31, 2020 Restricted shares granted Shares vested and issued ) Restricted shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 Restricted shares granted Shares vested and issued ) Restricted shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 The total fair value of restricted share awards that vested during 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total compensation cost related to non-vested restricted shares not yet recognized was approximately (with a weighted average expected amortization period of years). Stock Split: On January 27, 2021, the Company announced that its Board approved a -for-one split of the Company s Class A Common Stock Common Stock ). The stock split was effected in the form of a stock dividend paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 16, 2021, whereas stockholders received one additional share of Common Stock for each share held as of the record date. The additional shares were distributed on March 4, 2021, and the Company s Common Stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis on March 5, 2021. Consistent with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, all current and prior year data presented in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto, including but not limited to, number of shares and per share information, stock-based compensation data including stock options and restricted shares and related per share data, basic and diluted earnings per share, and dividends per share amounts, reflect the effect of the stock split. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 billion shares, an increase of billion shares from the amount previously authorized. The amendment was filed and became effective on May 21, 2021. Stock Repurchase Programs: On April 27, 2021, the Board authorized a stock repurchase program under which the Company may purchase up to of the Company s Common Stock during the period ending April 27, 2024 (the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased million shares of its Common Stock for under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program. Of the total repurchases made in 2022 under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program, million shares, or , have been retired by the Company, with the remainder of the repurchased shares being retained in Treasury stock at the time of repurchase. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased million shares of its Common Stock for under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program. Of the total repurchases made in 2021 under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program, million shares, or , were retired by the Company, with the remainder of the repurchased shares being retained in Treasury stock at the time of repurchase. From January 1, 2023 through January 31, 2023, the Company repurchased million additional shares of its Common Stock for , and, as of February 1, 2023, the Company has remaining authorization to purchase up to of its Common Stock under the 2021 Stock Repurchase Program. The price and timing of any future purchases will depend on a number of factors, such as levels of cash generation from operations, the volume of stock options exercised by employees, cash requirements for acquisitions, dividends paid, economic and market conditions and the price of the Common Stock. On April 24, 2018, the Board authorized a stock repurchase program under which the Company could purchase up to of Common Stock during the period ending April 24, 2021 (the 2018 Stock Repurchase Program in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased million shares of its Common Stock for under the 2018 Stock Repurchase Program. As a result of these purchases, the Company completed all purchases authorized under the 2018 Stock Repurchase Program, and, therefore, the 2018 Stock Repurchase Program was terminated. Of the total repurchases made in 2021 under the 2018 Stock Repurchase Program, million shares, or , were retired by the Company, with the remainder of the repurchased shares being retained in Treasury stock at the time of repurchase. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repurchased million shares of its Common Stock for under the 2018 Stock Repurchase Program. Of the total repurchases made in 2020, million shares, or , were retired by the Company, with the remainder of the repurchased shares being retained in Treasury stock at the time of repurchase. Dividends: Contingent upon declaration by the Board, the Company pays a quarterly dividend on shares of its Common Stock. On October 26, 2021, the Board approved an increase to the Company s quarterly dividend rate from per share to per share, effective with dividends declared in the fourth quarter of 2021, and on October 25, 2022, approved an additional increase to the Company s quarterly dividend rate from per share to per share, effective with dividends declared in the fourth quarter of 2022, contingent upon declaration by the Board. The following table summarizes the quarterly declared dividends per share for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Total 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Dividends paid (including those declared in the prior year) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): Balances of related after-tax components comprising Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) included in equity at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax of , and , respectively ) ) Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings, net of tax of Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax of , and ), respectively ) ) Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings, net of tax of Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax of , and ), respectively ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings, net of tax of Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, as it relates to the Company s cash flow hedges, which is comprised of foreign exchange forward contracts, the amounts recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income associated with foreign exchange forward contracts, as well as the amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to foreign exchange gain (loss), included in Cost of sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income, were not material. There were reclassifications associated with our net investment hedges from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings during the years presented in the table above. While there were outstanding cash flow hedges as of December 31, 2022, any amounts included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss associated with cash flow hedges are generally reclassified into earnings within the following twelve months. The amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings, related to pension and other postretirement benefit plans in the table above, are reported within Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Income, the vast majority of which is related to the amortization of actuarial losses associated with our defined benefit plans. The amortization of actuarial losses is included in the computation of net pension expense discussed in more detail within Note 9 herein. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Income from discontinued operations attributable to Amphenol Corporation, net of income taxes of for 2021 Net income attributable to Amphenol Corporation Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Effect of dilutive stock options Weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted Net income per common share attributable to Amphenol Corporation Basic: Continuing operations Discontinued operations, net of income taxes Net income attributable to Amphenol Corporation Basic Net income per common share attributable to Amphenol Corporation Diluted: Continuing operations Discontinued operations, net of income taxes Net income attributable to Amphenol Corporation Diluted Excluded from the computations above were anti-dilutive common shares (primarily related to outstanding stock options) of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total required contributions to be made during 2023 for the unfunded Foreign Plans are included in Other accrued expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and in the tables below. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Service cost Interest cost Plan amendments Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange translation ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets : Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) ) Employer contributions Foreign exchange translation ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year (Under) over funded status at end of year ) ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized on the balance sheet as of December 31: Other long-term assets Other accrued expenses Accrued pension and postretirement benefit obligations (Under) over funded status at end of year ) ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Weighted average assumptions used to determine projected benefit obligations: Discount rate Rate of compensation increase The projected benefit obligations decreased in 2022 primarily due to actuarial gains, resulting from the impact of higher discount rates on our projected benefit obligation, along with foreign exchange translation and benefits paid during the year. The projected benefit obligation decreased in 2021 primarily due to both actuarial gains, resulting from the impact of higher discount rates on our projected benefit obligation, and benefits paid during the year. The accumulated benefit obligation for the Company s defined benefit pension plans was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accumulated benefit obligation for the U.S. Plans was and , respectively, and for the Foreign Plans was and , respectively. Fair value of plan assets 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Fair value of plan assets The amounts, before tax, included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss at December 31, 2022 and 2021 that have not yet been recognized as expense were as follows: Prior service cost The following is a summary of the components of net pension expense for the Company s defined benefit plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of actuarial losses Net pension expense Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost: Discount rate Expected long-term return on assets Rate of compensation increase The pension expense for the Plans is calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions established on January 1 of the applicable year, including mortality projections as well as a weighted average discount rate, rate of increase in future compensation levels and an expected long-term rate of return on the respective Plans assets which are detailed in the table above. The Company records service costs in the same line item as the respective employee compensation costs and within operating income, while all non-service costs are reported separately within Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The discount rate used by the Company for valuing pension liabilities is based on a review of high quality corporate bond yields with maturities approximating the remaining life of the projected benefit obligations. The weighted average discount rate for the U.S. Plans on this basis was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in the discount rate for the U.S. Plans resulted in a decrease in the benefit obligation of approximately at December 31, 2022. The weighted average discount rate for the Foreign Plans was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in the benefit obligation associated with our Foreign Plans at December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by the increase in the discount rate, along with foreign currency translation. The Company calculates its service and interest costs by applying a split discount rate approach under which specific spot rates along the selected yield curve are applied to the relevant projected cash flows as the Company believes this method more precisely measures its obligations. The mortality assumptions used by the Company reflect commonly used mortality tables and improvement scales for each plan and increased life expectancies for plan participants. The primary investment objective of the Plans is to ensure an adequate pool of assets to support the benefit obligations to participants, retirees and beneficiaries. Over time, the Plans have aimed to earn a rate of return on assets greater than the liability discount rate, with a prudent level of risk and diversification. For the U.S. Plans, this has resulted in assets exceeding benefit obligations. In an effort to reduce the funding status volatility of the Plans, the target asset allocations for the U.S. Plans were equities and fixed income as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company expects to maintain these target asset allocations for the U.S. Plans for 2023. Short-term strategic ranges for investments will continue to be established within these new long-term target percentages. The Company regularly reviews the actual asset allocation and periodically rebalances investments to its targeted allocation when considered appropriate. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 with equity managers (with an expected long-term rate of return of approximately and with fixed income managers (with an expected long-term rate of return of approximately ). The Company s Plan assets, the vast majority of which relate to the U.S. Plans, are reported at fair value and classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The process requires judgment and may have an effect on the placement of the Plan assets within the fair value measurement hierarchy. The fair values of the Company s pension Plans assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 by asset category are as follows (refer to Note 5 for definitions of Level 1, 2 and 3 inputs): U.S. equities small/mid cap and other International equities growth International equities other Alternative investment funds Fixed income securities: U.S. fixed income securities intermediate term U.S. fixed income securities long term International fixed income securities other Insurance contracts Cash and cash equivalents Total December 31, 2021 Equity securities: U.S. equities large cap U.S. equities small/mid cap and other International equities growth International equities other Alternative investment funds Fixed income securities: U.S. fixed income securities intermediate term U.S. fixed income securities long term International fixed income securities other Insurance contracts Cash and cash equivalents Total 

 (a) Certain investments measured at fair value using the net asset value NAV practical expedient have been removed from the fair value hierarchy but included in the table above in order to permit the reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to total plan assets . 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 Unrealized losses, net ) ) Purchases, sales and settlements, net ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance on December 31 The Company made cash contributions to the Plans of , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. There is no current requirement for cash contributions to any of the U.S. Plans, and the Company plans to evaluate annually, based on actuarial calculations and the investment performance of the Plans assets, the timing and amount of cash contributions in the future, if any. Benefit payments related to the Plans above, including those amounts to be paid out of Company assets and reflecting future expected service as appropriate, are expected to be as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 Certain foreign subsidiaries of the Company offer certain benefits under local statutory plans which are excluded from the tables above. The net liability for such plans was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the majority of which is included within Accrued pension and postretirement benefit obligations in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively, the majority of which is included in Accrued pension and postretirement benefit obligations on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The weighted average discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Net postretirement benefit expense on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income was not material for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Since the Company s obligation for postretirement medical plans is fixed and since the benefit obligation and the net postretirement benefit expense are not material in relation to the Company s financial condition or results of operations, the Company believes any change in medical costs from that estimated will not have a significant impact on the Company. Defined Contribution Plans The Company offers various defined contribution plans for certain U.S. and foreign employees. Participation in these plans is based on certain eligibility requirements. The Company matches employee contributions to the U.S. defined contribution plans up to a maximum of of eligible compensation. The Company provided matching contributions to the U.S. defined contribution plans of approximately , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Effective January 1, 2023, the Company increased its matching of employee contributions to the U.S. defined contribution plans to a maximum of of eligible compensation. , , and , respectively, which include an immaterial amount of variable lease cost, and is recorded in Cost of sales and Selling, general and administrative expenses, dependent on the nature of the leased asset. Other than variable lease cost, operating lease cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The following summarizes (i) the future minimum undiscounted lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases for each of the next five years and thereafter, incorporating the practical expedient to account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component for our existing real estate leases and (ii) a reconciliation of the undiscounted lease payments to the present value of the lease liabilities recognized, all as of December 31, 2022: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total present value of future minimum lease payments 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 The following summarizes the operating lease-related account balances on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: Other accrued expenses Other long-term liabilities Total operating lease liabilities The following summarizes additional supplemental data related to our operating leases: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities As of December 31 : Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term Weighted Average Discount Rate Lease contracts that we have executed but which have not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022 were not material, and are excluded from the tables above. The Company does not generally enter into leases involving the construction or design of the underlying asset, and nearly all of the assets we lease are not specialized in nature. Our lease agreements generally do not include residual value guarantees nor do we enter into sublease arrangements with external parties. Finance Leases In rare circumstances, the Company may enter into finance leases for specific equipment used in manufacturing, in which the Company takes ownership of the asset upon the end of the lease. The Company records its finance leases within Property, plant and equipment, net, Current portion of long-term debt and Long-term debt on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company s finance leases and related depreciation and interest expense, cash flows and impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements were not material individually or in the aggregate as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. acquisitions for approximately , net of cash acquired. The acquisitions were funded through a combination of borrowings under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program and cash on hand. acquisition has been included in the Harsh Environment Solutions segment, while the other acquisition has been included in the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment. While the current purchase price allocation is based on preliminary assessments made by management as of December 31, 2022, the Company is in the process of completing its analyses of the allocation of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The Company anticipates that the final assessments of values for these acquisitions will not differ materially from the preliminary assessments. The operating results of the 2022 acquisitions have been included in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022, since their respective dates of acquisition. Pro forma financial information, as well as further details regarding the purchase price allocation related to these acquisitions, have not been presented, since these acquisitions were not material, either individually or in the aggregate, to the Company s financial results. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 acquisitions for , net of cash acquired, while also completing the divestiture of the Divested MTS business, as discussed below. of the acquisitions was included in the Harsh Environment Solutions segment, acquisitions were included in the Communications Solutions segment, and acquisitions were included in the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment. The Company completed the acquisition accounting, including the analyses of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, for all of its 2021 acquisitions, and each of the final assessment of values did not differ materially from their previous preliminary assessments. The operating results of the 2021 acquisitions were included in the Consolidated Statements of Income since their respective dates of acquisition. Pro forma financial information, as well as further details regarding the purchase price allocation related to these acquisitions, was not presented, since these acquisitions were not material, either individually or in the aggregate, to the Company s financial results. Acquisition of MTS Systems Corporation On December 9, 2020, Amphenol announced that the Company entered into a definitive agreement under which Amphenol would acquire MTS Systems Corporation (Nasdaq: MTSC) MTS for per share in cash. MTS, a leading global supplier of precision sensors, advanced test systems and motion simulators, was historically organized into business segments: Sensors MTS Sensors and Test Simulation MTS T S ). The MTS Sensors business provides the Company with a highly complementary offering of high-technology, harsh environment sensors sold into diverse end markets and applications. The MTS Sensors business further expands the Company s range of sensor and sensor-based products across a wide array of industries and is reported as part of our continuing operations and within our Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment. On January 19, 2021 and prior to the closing of the MTS acquisition, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell MTS (including the MTS T S business, but excluding the MTS Sensors business) to Illinois Tool Works Inc. ITW ). Throughout this Annual Report, we refer to MTS (including the MTS T S business, but excluding the MTS Sensors business) as the Divested MTS business . On April 7, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of MTS for a total enterprise value of approximately , net of cash acquired and including the repayment of all outstanding debt and certain liabilities. The MTS acquisition was funded through a combination of borrowings under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program and cash on hand. At closing, the Company paid approximately , net of cash acquired, for of the common stock of MTS, including certain liabilities settled at closing, which was reflected within Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, the Company also assumed MTS s then-outstanding principal amount of senior notes due August 15, 2027. Shortly after the closing, the Company repaid and settled the MTS senior notes for approximately , which included accrued interest and a make-whole premium incurred as a result of the early extinguishment of the senior notes. The repayment of the outstanding senior notes, including the make-whole premium and excluding interest, was reflected within Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for the year ended December 31, 2021. On December 1, 2021, the Company completed the sale of the Divested MTS business to ITW for approximately , net of cash divested and excluding related transaction fees and expenses. After giving effect to the sale of the Divested MTS business as well as the repayment of the aforementioned MTS senior notes as part of the MTS acquisition, the Company paid approximately , net of cash acquired and excluding related transaction fees and expenses, for the retained MTS Sensors business. Refer to Presentation and Sale of the Divested MTS Business section below for further details related to the Company s discontinued operations and the completed divestiture of the Divested MTS business. The purchase price allocation for the MTS Sensors business was performed separately from the Divested MTS business, the latter of which was accounted for as discontinued operations and whose assets acquired, including associated goodwill, and liabilities assumed were reported as current assets held for sale and current liabilities held for sale on the Company s balance sheet. As a result of the sale of the Divested MTS business on December 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition accounting associated with the Divested MTS business and the associated current assets held for sale and current liabilities held for sale are longer reported on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 of goodwill, of indefinite-lived tradename intangible assets and of definite-lived intangible assets, each associated with the MTS Sensors business. The definite-lived intangible assets are comprised of customer relationships, proprietary technology, and backlog of , and , respectively, and are amortized based upon the underlying pattern of economic benefit with weighted average useful lives of , and years, respectively. Other than these intangible assets, the remainder of the purchase price has been allocated to other identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. As part of acquisition accounting, the Company also recorded of deferred tax liabilities associated with certain basis differences, the majority of which the Company recognized for tax purposes and paid in the fourth quarter of 2021 upon the sale of the Divested MTS business. The excess purchase price over the fair value of the underlying assets acquired (net of liabilities assumed) was allocated to goodwill, which primarily represents the value of assembled workforce and the anticipated cost savings and efficiencies associated with the integration of the MTS Sensors business, along with other intangible assets acquired that do not qualify for separate recognition. The Company does t expect any such recognized goodwill associated with the acquisition of the MTS Sensors business to be deductible for tax purposes. The operating results for the MTS Sensors business have been included within continuing operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income since the acquisition date of April 7, 2021, while the operating results for the Divested MTS business were classified and reported as discontinued operations as discussed further below. Presentation and Sale of the Divested MTS Business On January 19, 2021 and prior to the closing of the MTS acquisition, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell the Divested MTS business to ITW. As a result of the a greement to sell the Divested MTS business to ITW, the Divested MTS business met the discontinued operations reporting criteria and held for sale accounting criteria as of the MTS acquisition date of April 7, 2021, and therefore, the Company did not assign the Divested MTS business to any of its reportable business segments. Accordingly, since the Divested MTS business has never been nor was expected to ever be considered part of our continuing operations, the Company accounted for the operating results and related cash flows associated with the Divested MTS business as discontinued operations in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow, respectively, as of the MTS acquisition date through December 1, 2021, the date of the sale of the Divested MTS business. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the comprehensive income associated with discontinued operations was not material and was not presented separately in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The Company also ceased recording depreciation and amortization on the held for sale assets as of the MTS acquisition date. In 2021, the assets and liabilities associated with the Divested MTS business were presented as current assets held for sale and current liabilities held for sale, respectively, on the Company s balance sheet throughout the period in which Amphenol owned the business. As discussed above, the purchase price allocation associated with the Divested MTS business was performed separately from the MTS Sensors business, as the Divested MTS business met the held for sale accounting criteria. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed resulting from the purchase price allocation for the Divested MTS business were measured and recorded at fair value less costs to sell, which was considered a Level 3 fair value measurement based on the transaction s then-expected consideration. Such assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded as current assets held for sale and current liabilities held for sale, as separate single line items on the Company s balance sheet as of the MTS acquisition date through December 1, 2021, the date of the sale of the Divested MTS business. At each reporting period in 2021, the Company reassessed the fair value of these assets held for sale and liabilities held for sale and noted that the carrying value of the disposal group did not exceed its fair value less costs to sell. In addition, the Company assumed a contingent consideration liability from the MTS acquisition, which was recognized at fair value as part of acquisition accounting. This contingent consideration was recorded within current liabilities held for sale on the Company s balance sheet as of the acquisition date. During the third quarter of 2021, the Company made a capital contribution to the Divested MTS business, which in turn used the funding to settle the contingent consideration. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 , net of cash divested and excluding related transaction fees and expenses . The proceeds from the sale of the Divested MTS business were included in Net cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for the year ended December 31, 2021. Amphenol has had no continuing involvement with the Divested MTS business after the completion of the sale . At December 31, 2021, there were assets held for sale r liabilities held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, as a result of the sale of the Divested MTS business in December 2021. In addition, there were no material adjustments to previously reported balances associated with the assets held for sale and liabilities held for sale. The sale of the Divested MTS business did not result in any significant gain or loss recorded to discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021. Acquisition of Halo Technology Limited On December 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of approximately of the common stock of Halo Technology Limited Halo for a purchase price of approximately , net of cash acquired. The sellers retained a noncontrolling interest of less than in Halo, which includes redeemable features that are outside the control of the Company and therefore, has been classified as temporary equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, as discussed in more detail in Notes 1 and 5 herein. The acquisition was funded with cash on hand. Halo, which is headquartered in the United States (California), is a leading provider of active and passive fiber optic interconnect components, with product offerings that are highly complementary to our existing high-speed and fiber optic interconnect solutions for the communications infrastructure markets. The Company completed the acquisition accounting related to the Halo acquisition, specifically associated with the purchase price allocation of the fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities and noncontrolling interest assumed. The final assessment of values for the Halo acquisition did not differ materially from previous preliminary assessments. As of December 31, 2022, the Halo acquisition resulted in the recognition of of goodwill, of indefinite-lived tradename intangible assets and of definite-lived intangible assets. The definite-lived intangible assets are comprised of customer relationships, proprietary technology, and backlog of , and , respectively, and are amortized based upon the underlying pattern of economic benefit with weighted average useful lives of , and , respectively. Other than these intangible assets, the remainder of the purchase price has been allocated to other identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and noncontrolling interests (including redeemable noncontrolling interests) assumed. As part of acquisition accounting, the excess purchase price over the fair value of the underlying assets acquired (net of liabilities and noncontrolling interests assumed) was allocated to goodwill, which primarily represents the value of assembled workforce and the anticipated cost savings and efficiencies associated with the integration of Halo, along with other intangible assets acquired that do not qualify for separate recognition. The Company does t expect any such recognized goodwill associated with the Halo acquisition to be deductible for tax purposes. The operating results for Halo have been included in the Consolidated Statements of Income since the acquisition date. The acquisition of Halo, which is reported within our Communications Solutions segment, was not material to the Company s financial results. 2020 Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company completed acquisitions for , net of cash acquired. of the acquisitions was included in the Harsh Environment Solutions segment, and the other acquisition was included in the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment. The Company completed the acquisition accounting, including the analyses of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, for both 2020 acquisitions, and the final assessments of values did not differ materially from the previous preliminary assessments. Pro forma financial information, as well as further details regarding the purchase price allocation related to these acquisitions, was not presented, since these acquisitions were not material, either individually or in the aggregate, to the Company s financial results. Acquisition-related Expenses In 2022, the Company incurred after-tax) of acquisition-related expenses, comprised primarily of the amortization of related to the value associated with acquired backlog resulting from the acquisitions that closed in 2022, along with external transaction costs. In 2021, the Company incurred after-tax) of acquisition-related expenses, comprised primarily of transaction, severance, restructuring and certain non-cash purchase accounting costs related to the MTS acquisition in the second quarter of 2021, along with external transaction costs and certain non-cash 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 after-tax) of acquisition-related expenses, comprised primarily of external transaction costs related to acquisitions that were announced or closed. Such acquisition-related expenses are presented separately in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. Acquisition-related Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Goodwill at December 31, 2021 Acquisition-related ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Goodwill at December 31, 2022 The increase in goodwill during 2022 was primarily driven by goodwill recognized from the acquisitions that closed in 2022, partially offset by foreign currency translation. The increase in goodwill during 2021 was primarily driven by the acquisition of MTS and Halo, along with the other acquisitions that closed during 2021, as described in Note 11 herein. Proprietary technology Backlog and other Total intangible assets (definite-lived) Trade names (indefinite-lived) The increase in the gross carrying amount of intangible assets in 2022 is primarily driven by certain customer relationships and acquired backlog recognized as a result of the acquisition accounting associated with recent acquisitions. Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately , and , respectively. Amortization expense in 2022 includes related to the amortization of acquired backlog from the 2022 acquisitions, while amortization expense in 2021 included and related to the amortization of acquired backlog resulting from the MTS and Halo acquisitions, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, amortization expense relating to the Company s current intangible assets estimated for each of the next five fiscal years is approximately in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026, and in 2027. newly formed reportable business segments: (i) Harsh Environment Solutions , (ii) Communications Solutions and (iii) Interconnect and Sensor Systems . This new alignment replaced our historic reportable business segments. All businesses previously reported in the Interconnect Products and Assemblies segment have been aligned with of the newly formed segments. All businesses previously reported in the Cable Products and Solutions segment have been aligned with our newly formed Communications Solutions segment. This segment structure reflects (i) the manner in which the Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM ), who is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, regularly assesses information for decision-making purposes, including the allocation of resources, and (ii) how the Company operates its businesses, assesses performance, and communicates results and strategy, among other items, to the Board and its stockholders. In conjunction with the new alignment of our business, the Company appointed new segment managers to lead their 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 reportable business segments: Harsh Environment Solutions the Harsh Environment Solutions segment designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of ruggedized interconnect products, including connectors and interconnect systems, printed circuits and printed circuit assemblies and other products for use in the industrial, military, commercial aerospace, automotive, mobile networks and information technology and data communications end markets.
 Communications Solutions the Communications Solutions segment designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of connector and interconnect systems, including high speed, radio frequency, power, fiber optic and other products, together with antennas, for use in the information technology and data communications, mobile devices, industrial, mobile networks, broadband communications, automotive, commercial aerospace and military end markets.
 Interconnect and Sensor Systems the Interconnect and Sensor Systems segment designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of sensors, sensor-based systems, connectors and value-add interconnect systems used in the automotive, industrial, information technology and data communications, mobile networks, military and commercial aerospace end markets.
 The Company has recast all relevant prior year period segment information in order to enable year-over-year segment comparisons in this Annual Report. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those for the Company as a whole, as described in Note 1 herein. The Company evaluates the performance of the segments and allocates resources to each of them based on, among other things, profit or loss from operations before certain corporate and other related items such as interest, stock-based compensation expense, income taxes, amortization related to certain intangible assets and nonrecurring gains and losses. The Company also incurs general corporate expenses and costs which are not allocated to the reportable business segments, but have been included in Corporate / Other in the following tables for reconciliation purposes. Assets are reviewed by the CODM on a consolidated basis and therefore are not presented by reportable business segment. Communications Solutions Interconnect and Sensor Systems Consolidated Net sales 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Communications Solutions Interconnect and Sensor Systems Total segment operating income Corporate / Other: Stock-based compensation expense ) ) ) Acquisition-related expenses ) ) ) Other operating expenses ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes Communications Solutions Interconnect and Sensor Systems Corporate / Other Total China Other foreign locations Total Long-lived assets (1) United States China Other foreign locations Total 

 (1) 
 Long-lived assets included in this table are comprised of property, plant and equipment, net, and operating lease right-of-use assets for all years presented. 

91 

Table of Contents 
 Disaggregation of Net Sales Communications Solutions Interconnect and Sensor Systems Distributors and resellers : Harsh Environment Solutions Communications Solutions Interconnect and Sensor Systems Total Net sales 

Net sales by geography : 2022 2021 2020 United States : Harsh Environment Solutions Communications Solutions Interconnect and Sensor Systems China : Harsh Environment Solutions Communications Solutions Interconnect and Sensor Systems Other foreign locations : Harsh Environment Solutions Communications Solutions Interconnect and Sensor Systems Total Net sales Net sales by geographic area are based on the customer location to which the product is shipped. single customer accounted for 10 or more of the Company s net sales during either of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, aggregate sales to the Company s largest customer accounted for approximately of the Company s net sales, nearly all of the sales of which were reported within our Communications Solutions segment. It is impracticable to disclose net sales by product or group of products. For further discussion related to the Company s policies surrounding revenue recognition, refer to Note 1 herein. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 separate lawsuits filed in the . The lawsuits relate to a manufacturing site in Franklin, Indiana (the Site where the Company has been conducting an environmental clean-up effort under the direction of the United States Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ). The Site was shut down in 1983, more than three years before the Company acquired the Site as part of a larger acquisition that led to the establishment of the Company s business in 1987 (the Acquisition ). In connection with the Acquisition, the Company agreed, and has continued, to work closely with the EPA regarding the ongoing clean-up effort at the Site, subject to an indemnity from the seller (the Seller ). In 1989, the Company sold the property where the Site is located. The lawsuits collectively seek, among other things, compensation for personal injuries and for past, present and future medical expenses, compensation for loss of property values near the Site and costs related to medical monitoring for individuals living close to the Site, in each case arising from alleged exposure to hazardous chemicals. The Company denies any wrongdoing and is defending each of the above described lawsuits. All the costs incurred relating to these lawsuits have been reimbursed by the Seller based on the Seller s indemnification obligations entered into in connection with the Acquisition (the 1987 Indemnification Agreement ). In addition, the environmental investigation, remediation and monitoring activities undertaken by the Company relating to the Site have been reimbursed under the 1987 Indemnification Agreement. As a result, the Company does not believe that the costs associated with these lawsuits or the resolution of the related environmental matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Certain operations of the Company are subject to environmental laws and regulations that govern the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, as well as the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. The Company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The Company also has purchase obligations related to commitments to purchase certain goods and services. At December 31, 2022, the Company had purchase commitments of in 2023, in 2024 and 2025, combined, and beyond 2025. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of December 31, 2022. These disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on their evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management Report on Internal Control Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Due to its inherent limitations, i nternal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of Amphenol Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company ), as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB). Those standards require that Deloitte Touche LLP plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Deloitte Touche LLP has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 PART III The Company intends to file a definitive proxy statement (the Proxy Statement pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act within 120 days following the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and certain information included therein is incorporated herein by reference. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Pursuant to Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by Item 10 with respect to the Directors of the Registrant is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. Pursuant to Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by Item 10 with respect to the Executive Officers of the Registrant is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. To the extent disclosure for delinquent reports is being made, it can be found under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. The Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which is applicable to all directors, officers and employees of the Company, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, is available on the Company s website at www.amphenol.com . The Company intends to post amendments to or waivers from its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (to the extent applicable to the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or persons performing similar functions) on its website. In addition, a current copy may be requested by writing to the Company s World Headquarters at: 358 Hall Avenue P.O. Box 5030 Wallingford, CT 06492 Attention: Investor Relations Item 11. Executive Compensation Pursuant to Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Pursuant to Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement, other than the Equity Compensation Plan Information provided below. Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table summarizes the Company s equity compensation plan information as of December 31, 2022: 

Equity Compensation Plan Information Number of securities to Weighted average Number of securities be issued upon exercise exercise price of remaining available for of outstanding options, outstanding options, future issuance under Plan category warrants and rights warrants and rights equity compensation plans Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 66,156,349 45.58 62,213,970 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 66,156,349 45.58 62,213,970 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Pursuant to Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services Pursuant to Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, the information required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules (a)(1) Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 50 Consolidated Statements of Income Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 52 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 53 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 54 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 55 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 56 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 57 Management Report on Internal Control 94 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 99 Schedules other than the above have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information has been included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the notes thereto. (a)(3) Listing of Exhibits The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report: 

3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Amphenol Corporation, dated May 19, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the June 30, 2021 Form 10-Q). 3.2 Amphenol Corporation, Fourth Amended and Restated By-laws dated February 7, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the December 31, 2021 Form 10-K). 4.1 Indenture, dated as of November 5, 2009, between Amphenol Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2009). 4.2 Indenture, dated as of October 8, 2018, between Amphenol Technologies Holding GmbH, Amphenol Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed on October 9, 2018). 4.3 Indenture, dated as of May 4, 2020, between Amphenol Technologies Holding GmbH, Amphenol Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2020). 4.4 Officer s Certificate, dated April 5, 2017, establishing both the 2.200 Senior Notes due 2020 and the 3.200 Senior Notes due 2024 pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2017). 4.5 Officer s Certificate, dated January 9, 2019, establishing the 4.350 Senior Notes due 2029 pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2019). 4.6 Officer s Certificate, dated September 10, 2019, establishing the 2.800 Senior Notes due 2030 pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2019). 4.7 Officer s Certificate, dated February 20, 2020, establishing the 2.050 Senior Notes due 2025 pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2020). 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 4.8 Officer s Certificate, dated September 14, 2021, establishing the 2.200 Senior Notes due 2031 pursuant to the Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on September 14, 2021). 4.9 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 10.1 Amended and Restated 2017 Stock Purchase and Option Plan for Key Employees of Amphenol and Subsidiaries (filed as Annex A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, filed on April 12, 2021). 10.2 Form of 2017 Stock Option Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2017). 10.3 2009 Stock Purchase and Option Plan for Key Employees of Amphenol and Subsidiaries (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the June 30, 2009 Form 10-Q). 10.4 The First Amendment to the 2009 Stock Purchase and Option Plan for Key Employees of Amphenol and Subsidiaries (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2014). 10.5 Form of 2009 Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement dated as of May 20, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the June 30, 2009 Form 10-Q). 10.6 Form of 2009 Management Stockholders Agreement dated as of May 20, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the June 30, 2009 Form 10-Q). 10.7 Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated effective January 1, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the December 31, 2016 Form 10-K). 10.8 First Amendment to Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated effective January 1, 2016, dated November 10, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the December 31, 2016 Form 10-K). 10.9 Second Amendment to Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated effective January 1, 2016, dated October 1, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the December 31, 2016 Form 10-K). 10.10 Third Amendment to Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated effective January 1, 2016, dated December 13, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the December 31, 2016 Form 10-K). 10.11 Fourth Amendment to Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated effective January 1, 2016, dated May 2, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the June 30, 2017 Form 10-Q). 10.12 Fifth Amendment to Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated effective January 1, 2016, dated October 29, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the December 31, 2018 Form 10-K). 10.13 Sixth Amendment to Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated effective January 1, 2016, dated October 4, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the December 31, 2019 Form 10-K). 10.14 Seventh Amendment to Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated effective January 1, 2016, dated December 2, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the December 31, 2019 Form 10-K). 10.15 Eighth Amendment to Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated effective January 1, 2016, dated December 9, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the December 31, 2021 Form 10-K). 10.16 Ninth Amendment to Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated effective January 1, 2016, dated December 1, 2022. 10.17 Amended and Restated Amphenol Corporation Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the December 31, 2008 Form 10-K). 10.18 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Amphenol Corporation Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan, dated October 29, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the December 31, 2018 Form 10-K). 10.19 Amphenol Corporation Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the December 31, 1997 Form 10-K). 10.20 The 2012 Restricted Stock Plan for Directors of Amphenol Corporation dated May 24, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the June 30, 2012 Form 10-Q). 10.21 2012 Restricted Stock Plan for Directors of Amphenol Corporation Restricted Share Award Agreement dated May 24, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the June 30, 2012 Form 10-Q). 10.22 2023 Amphenol Corporation Management Incentive Plan. 10.23 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated November 30, 2021, among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, a syndicate of financial institutions and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., acting as the administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2021). 10.24 The Amphenol Corporation Employee Savings/401(K) Plan Adoption Agreement as amended and restated effective April 5, 2022, dated April 18, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the June 30, 2022 Form 10-Q). 10.25 Amendment to The Amphenol Corporation Employee Savings/401(K) Plan Adoption Agreement, effective January 1, 2023, dated December 19, 2022. 10.26 Amended and Restated Amphenol Corporation Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the September 30, 2011 Form 10-Q). 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 10.27 Amphenol Corporation Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan as amended effective January 1, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the December 31, 2011 Form 10-K). 10.28 Amphenol Corporation Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan as amended effective January 1, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.28 to the December 31, 2018 Form 10-K). 10.29 Commercial Paper Program form of Dealer Agreement dated as of August 29, 2014 between the Company, Citibank Global Markets and JP Morgan Securities LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on September 5, 2014). 10.30 Commercial Paper Program Dealer Agreement dated as of July 10, 2018 between Amphenol Technologies Holding GmbH (as issuer), Amphenol Corporation (as guarantor), Barclays Bank PLC (as Arranger), and Barclays Bank PLC and Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft (as Original Dealers) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on July 11, 2018). 10.31 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2022, among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, a syndicate of financial institutions and BNP Paribas, acting as the administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on April 21, 2022). 10.32 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Executive Officers (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the December 31, 2016 Form 10-K). 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company. 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 31.1 Certification pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (included in Exhibit 101). 

 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Incorporated herein by reference as stated. Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 ) Year ended December 31, 2020 Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets: Year ended December 31, 2022 ) ) Year ended December 31, 2021 ) Year ended December 31, 2020 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the Town of Wallingford, State of Connecticut on the 8th day of February, 2023. 

AMPHENOL CORPORATION /s/ R. Adam Norwitt R. Adam Norwitt President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ R. Adam Norwitt President, Chief Executive Officer and Director February 8, 2023 R. Adam Norwitt (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Craig A. Lampo Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 8, 2023 Craig A. Lampo (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Martin H. Loeffler Chairman of the Board of Directors February 8, 2023 Martin H. Loeffler /s/ David P. Falck Presiding Director February 8, 2023 David P. Falck /s/ Nancy A. Altobello Director February 8, 2023 Nancy A. Altobello /s/ Stanley L. Clark Director February 8, 2023 Stanley L. Clark /s/ Edward G. Jepsen Director February 8, 2023 Edward G. Jepsen /s/ Rita S. Lane Director February 8, 2023 Rita S. Lane /s/ Robert A. Livingston Director February 8, 2023 Robert A. Livingston Director February 8, 2023 Prahlad Singh /s/ Anne Clarke Wolff Director February 8, 2023 Anne Clarke Wolff Dr. Singh was not a member of our Board of Directors during the reporting period. He was appointed to our Board on January 12, 2023. 
 100 

<EX-4.09>
 2
 aph-20221231xex4d09.htm
 EX-4.09

Exhibit 4.9 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 The following description of the capital stock of Amphenol Corporation (the Company, us or we is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and Fourth Amended and Restated By-laws (the By-laws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.9 is a part. We encourage you to read the Certificate of Incorporation, the By-laws and the applicable provisions of Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL for additional information. Authorized Shares of Capital Stock The Company is authorized to issue 2,000,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and no other shares of common stock or preferred stock. Listing The Company s Class A Common Stock is listed and principally traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol APH. Dividends Subject to the rights of holders of outstanding shares of preferred stock, if any, holders of the Class A Common Stock are entitled to participate in dividends as and when declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. The Company s unsecured credit facility contains financial covenants and restrictions, some of which may limit the Company s ability to pay dividends, and any future indebtedness that the Company may incur could limit its ability to pay dividends. Voting rights Holders of the Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Approval of matters brought before the stockholders requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders, except as otherwise required by law. Our Class A Common Stock does not have cumulative voting rights. Liquidation Rights Subject to the rights of creditors and holders of preferred stock, if any, holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in a distribution of the Company s assets upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company. Preemptive or Similar Rights Our Class A Common Stock has no sinking fund, redemption provisions or preemptive, conversion or exchange rights. 
 1 

Certain Anti-Takeover Matters Advance Notice Requirements The Company s By-laws establish advance notice procedures with regard to stockholder proposals relating to the nomination of candidates for election as directors or new business to be brought before meetings of stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of such stockholder proposals must be timely given in writing to the Secretary of the Company prior to the meeting at which the action is to be taken. The notice must contain certain information specified in the Company s By-laws. Additional Authorized Shares of Capital Stock. The additional shares of authorized common stock available for issuance under our Certificate of Incorporation could be issued at such times, under such circumstances and with such terms and conditions as to impede a change in control. Delaware General Corporation Law Section 203 As a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, the Company is subject to Section 203 of the DGCL which restricts certain business combinations between the Company and an interested stockholder or that stockholder s affiliates or associates for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. The restrictions do not apply if: prior to an interested stockholder becoming such, the board of directors of the Company approves either the business combination or the transaction in which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder; upon consummation of the transaction in which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owns at least 85 of the outstanding voting stock of the Company at the time the transaction commenced, subject to certain exceptions; or on or after the date an interested stockholder becomes such, the business combination is both approved by the board of directors of the Company and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the Company s stockholders (and not by written consent) by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. For purposes of Section 203 of the DGCL, a business combination includes mergers, asset sales or other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or within three years did own) 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. The statute could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company s or reducing the price that some investors might be willing to pay in the future for the Class A Common Stock. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for the Company s Class A Common Stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 2 

</EX-4.09>

<EX-10.16>
 3
 aph-20221231xex10d16.htm
 EX-10.16

Exhibit 10.16 NINTH AMENDMENT (20 22-FIRST) TO THE PENSION PLAN FOR EMPLOYEES OF AMPHENOL CORPORATION AS AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 2016 Pursuant to Section 12.1 of the Pension Plan for Employees of Amphenol Corporation as amended and restated effective January 1, 2016 (the Plan ), the Plan is hereby amended as follows, effective January 1, 2023: 1. Exhibit D (Chatham Cable) is amended such that Section 4.1(a)(1)(xvii) shall read as follows: (xvii) 25.00 for Participants terminating employment on or after January 1, 2020, and prior to January 1, 2023; or. 2. Exhibit D (Chatham Cable) is amended by the addition of a new Section 4.1(a)(1)(xviii) to read as follows: (xviii) 27.00 for Participants terminating employment on or after January 1, 2023. 3. Exhibit H (Sidney Hourly) is amended by restating Section 4.1(a) to read as follows: (a) Accrued Benefit. The amount of the monthly retirement benefit in the Normal Form to be provided for each Participant who retires on his Normal Retirement Date shall be equal to such Participant s monthly Accrued Benefit as of any date, subject to modifications set out below, equal to the product of (1) and (2): (1) an amount equal to 
 12255007 

(i) 48.00 for Participants terminating employment in the Eligible Class on or after January 1, 2023; (ii) 45.00 for Participants terminating employment in the Eligible Class on or after January 1, 2020, but prior to January 1, 2023; (iii) 42.50 for Participants terminating employment in the Eligible Class on or after January 1, 2017, but prior to January 1, 2020; (iv) 40.00 for Participants terminating employment in the Eligible Class on or after January 1, 2014, but prior to January 1, 2017; (v) 37.00 for Participants terminating employment in the Eligible Class on or after December 1, 2010, but prior to January 1, 2014; (vi) 34.00 for Participants terminating employment in the Eligible Class on or after January 1, 2008, but prior to December 1, 2010; (vii) 30.00 for Participants terminating employment in the Eligible Class on or after January 1, 2005, but prior to January 1, 2008; (viii) 26.50 for Participants terminating employment in the Eligible Class on or after January 1, 2002, but prior to January 1, 2005; (ix) 23.50 for Participants terminating employment in the Eligible Class on or after January 1, 1999 but prior to January 1, 2002; (x) 20.50 for Participants terminating employment in the Eligible Class on or after November 1, 1997 but prior to January 1, 1999; (xi) 20.00 for Participants terminating employment in the Eligible Class on or after November 1, 1996, but prior to November 1, 1997; (xii) 19.00 for Participants terminating employment in the Eligible Class subsequent to October 31, 1993 but prior to November 1, 1996; (xiii) 18.50 for Participants terminating employment in the Eligible Class subsequent to October 31, 1990 but prior to November 1, 1993; or (xiv) 18.00 for Participants terminating employment in the Eligible Class subsequent to November 4, 1989 but prior to November 1, 1990; or (xv) 17.00 for Participants terminating employment in the Eligible Class subsequent to October 31 1987 but prior to November 5, 1989. and 
 12255007 

(2) such Participant s Years of Accrual Service. The Accrued Benefit for a Participant terminating employment prior to November 1, 1987 shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Plan in effect on the date of such Participant s termination of employment. 4. Exhibit H (Sidney Hourly) is amended by the addition of a new Section 7.4(a)(5) to read as follows: (5) Single Life Annuity with Ten Years Certain . Under this option, the Participant s benefit will be paid to the Participant in the form of a single life annuity with a minimum of one-hundred and twenty (120) monthly payments. The amount of the benefit payable under this option shall be determined as the Actuarial Equivalent of the normal form of benefit. If the Participant dies before receiving one-hundred and twenty (120) monthly payments, then the remaining monthly payments will be paid to the Participant s designated Beneficiary, except that (i) if the Participant s designated Beneficiary has predeceased the Participant, such remaining payments will be converted to a lump sum equal to the Actuarial Equivalent of the remaining payments using interest only, and such lump sum instead will be paid to the Participant s estate, or (ii) if the Participant s designated Beneficiary survives the Participant, but did not survive such Participant for the entire one-hundred and twenty (120) month period, such remaining payments after the designated Beneficiary s death will be converted to a lump sum equal to the Actuarial Equivalent of the remaining payments using interest only, and such lump sum instead will paid to the designated Beneficiary s estate. AMPHENOL CORPORATION DATED: December 1, 2022 BY: /s/ David Silverman David Silverman Its: Senior Vice President, Human Resources 
 12255007 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.22>
 4
 aph-20221231xex10d22.htm
 EX-10.22
 
 DISCUSSION AND APPROVAL OF 
 Exhibit 10.22 2023 AMPHENOL MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLAN I. Purpose The purpose of the 2023 Management Incentive Plan (the 2023 Incentive Plan is to reward eligible key management personnel of Amphenol Corporation and affiliated operations with performance-based cash bonus payments provided certain goals are achieved. II. Eligibility Generally, participation includes senior management positions, corporate staff managers, general managers and their designated direct reports. Participation and target bonuses are as approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. III. Plan Components Payments under the 2023 Incentive Plan are based primarily on performance against quantitative measures established at the beginning of each year. In addition, consideration will be given, when appropriate, to certain qualitative factors considered relevant or appropriate as determined by the Compensation Committee. The quantitative portion of the 2023 Incentive Plan is contingent upon achievement by the Company, a Division, a Group, a business unit and/or an individual (each referred to as a responsibility unit ), as applicable, of performance targets and/or goals. For 2023, quantitative performance criteria are based primarily on sales and income growth in 2023 over 2022 and additionally, for some responsibility units, actual performance in 2023 as compared to 2023 budget. Performance based payments pursuant to the 2023 Incentive Plan may be adjusted if unusual and unanticipated market conditions materially impact a responsibility unit s growth and/or performance. IV. Administration Payments are based upon average base salary during the 2023 Incentive Plan year (new hires will be prorated accordingly if hired after February 1, 2023). Targets and payments may be adjusted for special situations (for example, the participant moves to a new position during the year). The maximum allowable payout under the 2023 Incentive Plan is 2x the target bonus as applied to average base salary. Participation in MIP replaces any and all prior bonus plans for which a participant may have been eligible. The Committee may adjust the payout of any or all participants in consideration of (i) whether the payout to all participants as a percentage of the Company s operating income falls within certain historical parameters, (ii) how the multiplier for the current year compares with the prior year, (iii) reasonableness and consistency and (iv) internal pay equity. To be eligible for the bonus payment, a participant must be an active employee on the payroll and in good standing as of December 31, 2023. Exceptions must be recommended by the CEO and be approved by the Compensation Committee. All payments are subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee. Payments will not be made later than March 15, 2024. The Compensation Committee will interpret and administer the 2023 Incentive Plan at its discretion. The 2023 Incentive Plan is intended to be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations and other applicable guidance issued thereunder Section 409A or if not exempt, to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A, and the provisions of the 2023 Incentive Plan shall be construed in a manner consistent therewith. 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.25>
 5
 aph-20221231xex10d25.htm
 EX-10.25
 
 SI_017 Adoption Agreement 
 
 Exhibit 10.25 A DOPTION A GREEMENT A RTICLE 1 P ROFIT S HARING /401( K P LAN 1.01 PLAN INFORMATION (g) Plan Status : (4) Plan Merger Effective Dates. Certain plan(s) were merged into the Plan on or after the date specified in Subsection 1.01(g)(1) above. Please complete the appropriate subsection(s) of the Plan Mergers Addendum. 
 Pre-Approved Defined Contribution Plan 06/30/2020 PS Plan 85085-1671095574AA 
 2020 FMR LLC All rights reserved. 1 

AMENDMENT EXECUTION PAGE Plan Name : Amphenol Corporation Employee Savings/401(k) Plan (the Plan Employer : Amphenol Corporation [ Note : These execution pages are to be completed in the event the Employer modifies any prior election(s) or makes a new election(s) in this Adoption Agreement. Attach the amended page(s) of the Adoption Agreement to these execution pages.] The following section(s) of the Plan are hereby amended effective as of the date(s) set forth below: Section Amended Effective Date 1.01(g)(4) 01/01/2023 Plan Mergers Addendum 01/01/2023 Participating Employers Addendum 01/01/2023 Compensation Addendum 01/01/2023 Matching Employers Contribution Addendum 01/01/2023 Nonelective Employers Contribution Addendum 01/01/2023 Protected Benefit Provisions Addendum 01/01/2023 Additional Provisions Addendum 01/01/2023 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has caused this Amendment to be executed on the date given below. 

Employer: Amphenol Corporation Employer: Amphenol Corporation By: /s/ Lily Mao By: Title: VP Human Resources Title: Date: December 19, 2022 Date: 
 Note: Only one authorized signature is required to execute this Adoption Agreement unless the Employer s corporate policy mandates two authorized signatures. Note: This page may be duplicated, if needed, to allow separate execution when the Employer indicated in Section 1.02(a) is changing. 
 Pre-Approved Defined Contribution Plan 06/30/2020 PS Plan 85085-1671095574AA 
 2020 FMR LLC All rights reserved. 2 

PLAN MERGERS ADDENDUM for Plan Name : Amphenol Corporation Employee Savings/401(k) Plan (a) Plan Mergers - The following plan(s) were merged into the Plan on or after the Effective Date indicated in Subsection 1.01(g)(1) or (2), as applicable (the merged-in plan(s) ). The provisions of the Plan are effective with respect to the merged-in plan(s) as of the date(s) indicated below: (1) Name of merged-in plan: Onanon, Inc. Effective Date: 01/01/2023 (2) Name of merged-in plan: Charles Industries, Ltd. Effective Date: 01/01/2023 Note: If a 411(d)(6) protected benefit in a plan being merged into the Plan is not permitted in a pre-approved plan, as described in Section 6.03 of Revenue Procedure 2017-41, such provision must be discontinued no later than the merger date and shall apply only to the extent required under Code Section 411(d)(6). 
 Pre-Approved Defined Contribution Plan 06/30/2020 PS Plan 85085-1671095574AA 
 2020 FMR LLC All rights reserved. 3 

PARTICIPATING EMPLOYERS ADDENDUM for Plan Name: Amphenol Corporation Employee Savings/401(k) Plan Note: All participating employers must be a business entity of a type recognized under Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-2(a). (a) Only the following Related Employers (as defined in Subsection 2.01(uu) of the Basic Plan Document) participate in the Plan (list each participating Related Employer and its Employer Tax Identification Number): Amphenol (Maryland), Inc., 52-1176780 Amphenol Adronics, Inc., 99-0361205 Amphenol Alden Products Company, 20-4441798 Amphenol Cables on Demand Corp., 20-5939172 Amphenol Custom Cable, 59-3598895 Amphenol EEC, Inc., 32-0040123 Amphenol Interconnect Products Corporation, 06-1237121 Amphenol Nelson-Dunn Technologies Inc., 95-2013186 Amphenol Network Solutions, Inc., 91-1182148 Amphenol Optimize Manufacturing Co., 86-0503978 Amphenol PCD, Inc., 04-3752492 Amphenol Printed Circuits, 02-0502908 Amphenol T M Antennas, 06-1574456 Amphenol Tecvox LLC, 46-4191856 Ardent Concepts, 20-0050339 Charles Industry, LLC, 36-2660367, 01/01/2023 FCI USA LLC, 27-1370902 Onanon, Inc., 77-0023432, 01/01/2023 Piezotech, LLC, 35-2091566 SV Microwave, Inc., 65-0368031 Sine Systems Corporation, 06-1274360 Times Fiber Communications, Inc., 06-0955048 Times Microwave Systems, Inc., 01-0816035 
 Pre-Approved Defined Contribution Plan 06/30/2020 PS Plan 85085-1671095574AA 
 2020 FMR LLC All rights reserved. 4 

COMPENSATION ADDENDUM for Plan Name : Amphenol Corporation Employee Savings/401(k) Plan (b) Compensation Exclusions Compensation shall exclude the following item(s): (14) Amounts paid to, or on behalf of, the Employee to reduce or offset student loan repayment obligations. 
 Pre-Approved Defined Contribution Plan 06/30/2020 PS Plan 85085-1671095574AA 
 2020 FMR LLC All rights reserved. 5 

MATCHING EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTIONS ADDENDUM for Plan Name : Amphenol Corporation Employee Savings/401(k) Plan (a) Non-Discretionary Matching Employer Contributions - As indicated within the following for each group of eligible Participants, the Employer shall make a Matching Employer Contribution on behalf of each eligible Participant in an amount equal to the percentage, of the eligible contributions made by the eligible Participant during the Contribution Period: (1) Flat Percentage Match (A) Flat percentage match of 50 shall be allocated only to the eligible Participants described below: All participants except employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement (International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, Sidney Lodge No. 1529 (Amphenol Sidney Union); International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, Local 2015 (Amphenol RF union); The United Steelworkers, Local Union #9428 (TFC Union). . Limit on Non-Discretionary Matching Employer Contributions for the group of eligible Participants described above, if any: (i) Contributions in excess of 8 of the eligible Participant s Compensation for the Contribution Period shall not be considered for non-discretionary Matching Employer Contributions. (ii) Matching Employer Contributions for each eligible Participant for each Plan Year shall be limited to _____. (B) Flat percentage match of 50 shall be allocated only to the eligible Participants described below: Effective 1/1/2023, a union employee at International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, Sidney Lodge No. 1529 (Amphenol Sidney Union) . Limit on Non-Discretionary Matching Employer Contributions for the group of eligible Participants described above, if any: (i) Contributions in excess of 4 of the eligible Participant s Compensation for the Contribution Period shall not be considered for non-discretionary Matching Employer Contributions. (ii) Matching Employer Contributions for each eligible Participant for each Plan Year shall be limited to _____. (C) Flat percentage match of 50 shall be allocated only to the eligible Participants described below: Effective 1/1/2023, a union employee at The United Steelworkers, Local Union #9428 (TFC Union) . Limit on Non-Discretionary Matching Employer Contributions for the group of eligible Participants described above, if any: (i) Contributions in excess of 4 of the eligible Participant s Compensation for the Contribution Period shall not be considered for non-discretionary Matching Employer Contributions. 
 Pre-Approved Defined Contribution Plan 06/30/2020 PS Plan 85085-1671095574AA 
 2020 FMR LLC All rights reserved. 6 

NONELECTIVE EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTIONS ADDENDUM for Plan Name : Amphenol Corporation Employee Savings/401(k) Plan (a) Fixed Formula : (1) Fixed Percentage Employer Contribution - For each Contribution Period, the Employer shall contribute for each eligible Participant (except as otherwise provided in (A)(i) below) a percentage of such eligible Participant s Compensation equal to: (A) 0 (not to exceed 25 to all eligible Participants, except as provided in (i) below. Note : The eligible group(s) defined below must be clearly defined in a manner that will not violate the definite predetermined allocation formula requirement of Treasury Regulation Section 1.401-1(b)(1)(ii) and cannot be subject to the discretion of the Employer. In addition, the design of the classifications cannot be such that the only Non-Highly Compensated Employees benefiting under the Plan are those with the lowest compensation and/or the shortest periods of service and who may represent the minimum number of such employees necessary to satisfy coverage under Code Section 410(b). (i) Different percentages for different groups of eligible Participants as follows: (I) For each Contribution Period, the Employer shall contribute for the following eligible Participant(s) an amount equal to 2 (not to exceed 25 of each such eligible Participant s Compensation: 1). Effective 1/1/2016, a union employee at International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, Local 2015 (Amphenol RF union) hired or rehired on or after 1/1/2016 . (II) For each Contribution Period, the Employer shall contribute for the following eligible Participant(s) an amount equal to 3 (not to exceed 25 of each such eligible Participant s Compensation: 1). Effective 1/1/2020, a union employee at International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, Sidney Lodge No. 1529 (Amphenol Sidney Union), hired or rehired on or after January 1, 2014. 2). Effective 1/1/2023, a union employee at The United Steelworkers, Local Union #9428 (TFC Union) hired or rehired on or after 9/1/2013 . 
 Pre-Approved Defined Contribution Plan 06/30/2020 PS Plan 85085-1671095574AA 
 2020 FMR LLC All rights reserved. 7 

PROTECTED BENEFIT PROVISIONS ADDENDUM for Plan Name: Amphenol Corporation Employee Savings/401(k) Plan Protected Benefit Provisions - The following benefits are retained under the Plan due to the nature of each as a protected benefit under Code Section 411(d)(6) and apply for the Participants and Beneficiaries described: Effective 04/22/2016, Participants who had been previously recognized by the Plan as having had assets transferred to the Plan in conjunction with a Plan merger and having a separate vesting schedule (or schedules) due to such merger or having a vesting schedule in the Plan different from the vesting schedule(s) selected in Section 1.16, will now be 100 vested in all Matching Employer Contributions and Nonelective Employer Contributions in the Plan. The Tecvox OEM Solutions, LLC 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan Nonelective Employer Contributions that merged into the plan will be eligible for the Active Military Distribution (Heart Act) The Early Retirement Age for the Participants who merged into the Plan from the Amphenol Affiliated Companies Employee Savings 401(k) Plan effective 03/01/2021, is the date the Participant attains age 55 and completes 7 years of Vesting Service. The Early Retirement Age for the Participants who merged into the Plan from Telect Employee Retirement Plan on 11/29/2021, is the date the Participant attains age 55. The Early Retirement Age for the Participants who merged into the Plan from Charles Industries, Ltd. 401(k) Savings Plan on 01/01/2023, is the date the Participant attains age 62 . Note: If a 411(d)(6) protected benefit in the Plan or a plan being merged into the Plan is not either (i) available as a provision through the Pre-Approved Plan or (ii) the subject of a prior determination, advisory, or opinion letter, the Employer cannot rely on the Pre-Approved Plan Provider s opinion letter for qualification with respect to such benefit. If a 411(d)(6) protected benefit in the Plan or a plan being merged into the Plan is not permitted in a pre-approved plan, as described in Section 6.03 of Revenue Procedure 2017-41, such provision must be discontinued no later than the date the Plan adopts the Pre-Approved Plan or, in the case of a merger, the merger date and shall apply only to the extent required under Code Section 411(d)(6). 
 Pre-Approved Defined Contribution Plan 06/30/2020 PS Plan 85085-1671095574AA 
 2020 FMR LLC All rights reserved. 8 

ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS ADDENDUM for Plan Name: Amphenol Corporation Employee Savings/401(k) Plan (a) Additional Provision(s) The following provisions supplement and/or, to the degree described herein, supersede other provisions of this Adoption Agreement and the Basic Plan Document in the following manner: (1) In addition to any other options selected in Subsection 1.15, defining Disability, the following applies: (e) The following requirements apply to Participants: Participants who merged into this Plan from the Charles Industries, LTD. 401(k) Savings Plan, effective 01/01/2023, also have the following definition of disability: Determined by the Administrator on the basis of medical evidence satisfactory to it: unable to perform usually and customary duties for Employer. . 
 Pre-Approved Defined Contribution Plan 06/30/2020 PS Plan 85085-1671095574AA 
 2020 FMR LLC All rights reserved. 9 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 aph-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 Amphenol Corporation Listing of Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 

State or other Jurisdiction Name of Subsidiary of Incorporation 3395 Walden Avenue Acquisition Corp. New York, U.S.A. Accumetrics, Inc. New York, U.S.A. Add-On Computer Peripherals LLC California, U.S.A. All Sensors Corporation California, U.S.A. All Systems Broadband, Inc. California, U.S.A. Alturna Connect N.V. Netherlands Alturna Direct Holding N.V. Netherlands Alturna Direct N.V. Netherlands Alturna Financial Services N.V. Netherlands Alturna Holding B.V. Netherlands Alturna Integration Services N.V. Netherlands Alturna Networks N.V. Netherlands American Conec Corporation North Carolina, U.S.A. Amphenol Adronics, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Amphenol Advanced Sensors Germany GmbH Germany Amphenol Advanced Sensors Puerto Rico, LLC Puerto Rico Amphenol-Air LB GmbH Germany Amphenol Air LB North America, Inc. Canada Amphenol-Air LB SAS France Amphenol Airwave (Haiyan) Communication Electronics Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Alden Products Company Delaware, U.S.A. Amphenol Alden Products Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Amphenol Antenna Solutions, Inc. Illinois, U.S.A. Amphenol Aorora Technology (Huizhou) Co., Ltd. China Amphenol AssembleTech (Xiamen) Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Australia Pty Ltd Australia Amphenol Automotive Connection Systems (Changzhou) Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Automotive Technology d.o.o. Trstenik Serbia Amphenol Bar-Tec, LTD Israel Amphenol Benelux B.V. Netherlands Amphenol-Borg Limited United Kingdom Amphenol-Borg Pension Trustees Limited United Kingdom Amphenol Borisch Technologies, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Amphenol Cabelcon ApS Denmark Amphenol Cables On Demand Corp. Delaware, U.S.A. Amphenol Canada Acquisition Corporation Canada Amphenol Canada Corp. Canada Amphenol (Changzhou) Advanced Connector Co., Ltd. China Amphenol (Changzhou) Connector Systems Co., Ltd. China Amphenol (Changzhou) Electronics Co., Ltd. China Amphenol CNT (Xian) Technology Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Comercial S.A. de C.V. Mexico Amphenol Commercial and Industrial UK, Limited United Kingdom Amphenol Commercial Interconnect Korea Co., Ltd. South Korea Amphenol Commercial Products (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Communication Electronics Vietnam Company Limited Vietnam Amphenol Connexus AB Sweden Amphenol ConneXus Ou Estonia Amphenol Custom Cable, Inc. Florida, U.S.A. Amphenol-Daeshin Electronics and Precision Co. Ltd. South Korea Amphenol DC Electronics, Inc. California, U.S.A. Amphenol DC Electronics Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Amphenol Development Center Tunisia Tunisia Amphenol East Asia Electronic Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China 

 1 

State or other Jurisdiction Name of Subsidiary of Incorporation Amphenol East Asia Limited Hong Kong Amphenol EEC, Inc. Illinois, U.S.A. Amphenol FCI Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore Amphenol FCI Besancon SA France Amphenol FCI Connectors Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Amphenol Fiber Optic Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Finland Oy Finland Amphenol France Acquisition SAS France Amphenol France SAS France Amphenol Germany GmbH Germany Amphenol Gesellschaft m.b.H. Austria Amphenol Goldstar Electronic Systems (Baicheng) Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Goldstar Electronic Systems (Yulin) Co., Ltd. China Amphenol High Speed (Nantong) Co., Ltd. China Amphenol High Speed Technology (Nantong) Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Holding UK, Limited United Kingdom Amphenol Indemnity Inc. Connecticut, U.S.A. Amphenol Intercon Systems, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Amphenol Interconnect India Private Limited India Amphenol Interconnect Products Corporation Delaware, U.S.A. Amphenol Interconnect South Africa (Proprietary) Limited South Africa Amphenol International Ltd. Delaware, U.S.A. Amphenol Invotec Limited United Kingdom Amphenol Italia S.r.l. Italy Amphenol Japan Ltd. Japan Amphenol JET (Haiyan) Interconnect Technology Co., Ltd. China Amphenol-Kai Jack (Shenzhen) Inc. China Amphenol Kopek Electronics Hardware (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Kopek Holdings Company Limited Hong Kong Amphenol Kopek Trading Company Limited Hong Kong Amphenol Limited United Kingdom Amphenol LTW Technology Co., Ltd. Taiwan Amphenol (Maryland), Inc. Maryland, U.S.A. Amphenol MCP Korea Limited South Korea Amphenol Middle East Enterprises FZE U.A.E. Amphenol Mobile Connector Solutions (Changzhou) Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Nelson Dunn Technologies, Inc. California, U.S.A. Amphenol Netherlands Holdings 1 B.V. Netherlands Amphenol Netherlands Holdings 2 B.V. Netherlands Amphenol (Ningde) Electronics Co., Ltd China Amphenol Omniconnect India Private Limited India Amphenol Optimize Manufacturing Co. Arizona, U.S.A. Amphenol Optimize Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Amphenol PCD, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Amphenol PCD (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Phitek Limited New Zealand Amphenol Phoenix (Anji) Telecom Parts Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Precision Optics GmbH Germany Amphenol Printed Circuits, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Amphenol Procom Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Amphenol Provens SAS France Amphenol (Qujing) Technology Co., Ltd. China Amphenol RF Asia Limited Hong Kong Amphenol Sensing Korea Company Limited South Korea Amphenol Sincere Industrial Product Gyarto Kft. Hungary Amphenol Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Amphenol Socapex SAS France Amphenol Sunpool (Haiyan) Automotive Electronics, Co., Ltd. China 

 2 

State or other Jurisdiction Name of Subsidiary of Incorporation Amphenol Sunpool (Liaoning) Automotive Electronics Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Systems GmbH Germany Amphenol T M Antennas, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Amphenol Taiwan Corporation Taiwan Amphenol TCS de Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Amphenol TCS Ireland Limited Ireland Amphenol TCS (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Amphenol Technical Products International Co. Canada Amphenol Technologies Holding GmbH Germany Amphenol Technology Macedonia Dooel Kocani Macedonia Amphenol Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Technology Vietnam Co., Ltd. Vietnam Amphenol Technology (Zhuhai) Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Tecvox LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Amphenol Tel-Ad Ltd. Israel Amphenol-TFC (Changzhou) Communication Equipment Co., Ltd. China Amphenol TFC do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Amphenol TFC Fios e Cabos do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Amphenol TFC MDE Participacoes Ltda. Brazil Amphenol Thermometrics, Inc. Pennsylvania, U.S.A. Amphenol Thermometrics (UK) Limited United Kingdom Amphenol (Tianjin) Electronics Co., Ltd. China Amphenol Times Microwave Electronics (Shanghai) Limited China Amphenol-Tuchel Electronics GmbH Germany Amphenol Tuchel Industrial GmbH Germany Amphenol Tunisia LLC Tunisia Amphenol Turkey Teknoloji Limited Sirketi Turkey Amphenol USHoldco Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Amphenol (Xiamen) High Speed Cable Co., Ltd. China Amphenol (Yibin) Sensors Connection Systems Co., Ltd. China Anytek Electronic Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd China Anytek International Co. Ltd. Mauritius Anytek International (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Anytek Technology Corporation Ltd. Taiwan Ardent Concepts, Inc. New Hampshire, U.S.A. ARIA (Shenzhen) Technologies Co., Ltd. China Aria Technologies, Inc. California, U.S.A. Asia Connector Services, Ltd. Delaware, U.S.A. Auxel FTG India Pvt Ltd. India Auxel FTG Shanghai Co., Ltd. China Auxel S.A.S. France Berg (UK) Limited United Kingdom Bernd Richter GmbH Germany Bipho SRL Belgium C S Antennas, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Cablescan B.V. Netherlands Cablescan Limited United Kingdom Casco Automotive Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Casco Automotive (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. China Casco Automotive Tunisia S.a.r.l. Tunisia Casco do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Casco Holdings GmbH Germany Casco Imos Italia S.r.l. Italy Casco Logistics GmbH Germany Casco Products Corporation Delaware, U.S.A. Casco Schoeller GmbH Germany Cemm-Mex, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Cemm Thome Corp. Delaware, U.S.A. 

 3 

State or other Jurisdiction Name of Subsidiary of Incorporation Cemm Thome SK, spol s.r.o. Slovakia Changzhou Amphenol Fuyang Communication Equipment Co., Ltd. China Charles Industries, LLC Illinois, U.S.A. Conec Corporation Canada Conec Elektronische Bauelemente GmbH Germany Conec Polska Sp. z.o.o. Poland Conec s.r.o. Czech Republic Conec Shanghai International Co., Ltd. China Conec UK Limited United Kingdom Contactserve (Proprietary) Limited South Africa CTI Industries Inc. Canada Dalimar Instruments ULC Canada DI U.S. Holdings, Inc. New York, U.S.A. East Asia Connector Services, Ltd. China Edwin Deutgen Kunststofftechnik GmbH Germany Ehrlich Werkzeug- und Geratebau GmbH Germany El-Cab Sp. z.o.o. Poland Exa Thermometrics India Private Limited India FCI Connectors Canada, Inc. Canada FCI Connectors Dongguan Ltd. China FCI Connectors Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong FCI Connectors Korea Ltd. South Korea FCI Connectors Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia FCI Connectors (Shanghai) Ltd. China FCI Connectors Sweden Aktiebolag Sweden FCI Connectors UK Limited United Kingdom FCI Deutschland GmbH Germany FCI Electronics Hungary Kft. Hungary FCI GBS India Private Limited India FCI Japan K.K. Japan FCI Nantong Ltd. China FCI OEN Connectors Limited India FCI PRC Limited Hong Kong FCI s-Hertogenbosch B.V. Netherlands FCI Taiwan Limited Taiwan FCI USA LLC New York, U.S.A. FEP Fahrzeugelektrik Pirna GmbH Co. KG Germany FEP Fahrzeugelektrik Pirna Verwaltungs GmbH Germany Fiber Systems International, Inc. Texas, U.S.A. Filec Production SAS France Filec SAS France Flexus Electronics Inc. Canada Flexus USA Inc. New York, U.S.A. Friedrich Gohringer Elektrotechnik GmbH Germany Genasco S.A. de C.V. Mexico General Assembly Corporation Texas, U.S.A. GIC GJM Automotive Harnesses S.R.L. Romania GJM Components MX, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico GJM Components N.A., Inc. Texas, U.S.A. GJM Components S.R.L. Romania GJM S.A. Spain Guangzhou Amphenol Electronics Co., Ltd. China Guangzhou Amphenol Sincere Flex Circuits Co., Ltd. China Guangzhou FEP Automotive Electric Co., Ltd. China Halo Technology Bidco BV Netherlands Halo Technology Bidco Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Halo Technology Bidco Limited Guernsey Halo Technology Bidco SRL Belgium 

 4 

State or other Jurisdiction Name of Subsidiary of Incorporation Halo Technology Limited Guernsey Halo Technology Midco Limited Guernsey Hangzhou Amphenol JET Interconnect Technology Co., Ltd. China Hangzhou Amphenol Phoenix Hong Kong Company Limited Hong Kong Hangzhou Amphenol Phoenix Telecom Parts Co., Ltd. China Holland Electronics, LLC California, U.S.A. Hurricane Rd, LLC Indiana, U.S.A. ICA de Mexico, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. ICA Mid-Atlantic, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. ICA Midwest, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. ICA Northeast, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. ICA Northeast, Inc. New Hampshire, U.S.A. ICA South, Inc. Georgia, U.S.A. Integrated Cable Assembly Holdings, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Integrated Cable Assembly Holdings, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Intelligente Sensorsysteme Dresden GmbH Germany Ionix Systems Limited United Kingdom Ionix Systems Ou Estonia Jaybeam Limited United Kingdom Jaybeam Wireless SAS France KE Elektronik GmbH Germany KE Ostrov-Elektrik, s.r.o. Czech Republic KE Presov Elektrik, s.r.o. Slovakia KonneKtech, Ltd. Delaware, U.S.A. Kunshan Amphenol Zhengri Electronics Co., Ltd. China Lectric SARL Tunisia LinxIT LLC California, U.S.A. LTW Technology (Samoa) Co., Ltd. Samoa LTW Top Tech (Samoa) Co., Ltd. Samoa LWL-Sachsenkabel GmbH Spezialkabel und Vernetzungstechnik Germany Martec Limited United Kingdom MMD RE Acquisition Corp. New York, U.S.A. Mocorp Holding A/S Denmark Modern Microstructures, Inc. New York, U.S.A. MTS 1, LLC Minnesota, U.S.A. Nantong Docharm Amphenol Automotive Electronics Co., Ltd. China New Product Integration Solutions, Inc. California, U.S.A. NPI Cable Manufacturing (Suzhou) Co. Ltd. China NPI Solutions (Singapore) (Pte.) Ltd. Singapore Onanon Inc. California, U.S.A. PCB Group Sales Company, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. PCB Piezotronics of North Carolina, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. PCB Piezotronics BV Belgium PCB Piezotronics Europe, GmbH Germany PCB Piezotronics, Inc. New York, U.S.A. PCB Piezotronics Limited United Kingdom PCB Piezotronics Sensor Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. China PCB Piezotronics S.A. France PCB Piezotronics Srl Italy PCB Synotech GmbH Germany PerLoga Personal und Logistik GmbH Germany Piezotech, LLC Indiana, U.S.A. Piher Sensors Controls S.A. Spain Plasmotech Pte. Ltd. Singapore Positronic Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore Positronic Industries, Inc. Missouri, U.S.A. Positronic Industries, SAS France Positronic Interconnects Private Limited India 

 5 

State or other Jurisdiction Name of Subsidiary of Incorporation Procom A/S Denmark Procom Deutschland GmbH Germany Procom France SARL France ProLabs (UK) Limited United Kingdom ProLabs Holdings Limited United Kingdom PT Casco SEA Indonesia PT Plasmotech Batam Indonesia Pyle-National Limited United Kingdom S.C.I. Palin France SGX Europe Sp. z.o.o. Poland SGX Sensortech China Holdco Limited United Kingdom SGX Sensortech China Limited China SGX Sensortech GmbH Germany SGX Sensortech SA Switzerland Shanghai Amphenol Airwave Communication Electronics Co., Ltd. China Shanghai Amphenol Airwave Communication Electronics (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Shanghai Tecvox Trading Co., Ltd. China Shenyang Amphenol Sunpool Automotive Electronics Co., Ltd. China Sine Systems Corporation Delaware, U.S.A. Skylane Optics do Brasil Servicos de Pesquisa Ltda. Brazil Skylane Optics Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Skylane Optics SA Belgium Societe d Etudes et de Fabrications Electroniques et Electriques France Solid Optics EU Holding N.V. Netherlands Solid Optics EU N.V. Netherlands Solid Optics LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Spectra Strip Limited United Kingdom SSI Technologies GmbH Germany SSI Technologies LLC Wisconsin, U.S.A. SSI Technologies s.r.o. Czech Republic Stemfi S.A.S. France SV Microwave, Inc. Florida, U.S.A. TCS Japan K.K. Japan Tecvox Europe S.r.l. Italy Telect de Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Telect, Inc. Washington, U.S.A. Telect Mfg., LLC Washington, U.S.A. Temposonics GmbH Co. KG Germany Temposonics, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Temposonics Verwaltungs GmbH Germany TFC South America S.A. Argentina The Modal Shop, Inc. Ohio, U.S.A. Thermometrics Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Tianjin Amphenol KAE Co., Ltd. China Times Fiber Canada Limited Canada Times Fiber Communications, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Times Microwave Systems, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Times Wire and Cable Company Delaware, U.S.A. U-Jin Cable Industry Co., Ltd. South Korea Unlimited Services of Wisconsin, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Xgiga Communication Technology Co., Ltd. China Zhongshan Feisaide Electromechanical Co., Ltd. China Zhuhai Positronic Electronic Ltd. China 
 
 6 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 aph-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-237221 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-86618, 333-163017, 333-184698, 333-198402, 333-218107 and 333-260863 on Form S-8 of our report dated February 8, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Amphenol Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Hartford, Connecticut February 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 aph-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 Amphenol Corporation Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, R. Adam Norwitt, as the principal executive officer of the registrant, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Amphenol Corporation;
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 7 

Date: February 8, 2023 /s/ R. Adam Norwitt R. Adam Norwitt President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 aph-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 Amphenol Corporation Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Craig A. Lampo, as the principal financial officer of the registrant, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Amphenol Corporation;
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 7 

Date: February 8, 2023 /s/ Craig A. Lampo Craig A. Lampo Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 aph-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report of Amphenol Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, R. Adam Norwitt, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 7 

Date: February 8, 2023 /s/ R. Adam Norwitt R. Adam Norwitt President and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Amphenol Corporation and will be retained by Amphenol Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 aph-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report of Amphenol Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Craig A. Lampo, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 8, 2023 /s/ Craig A. Lampo Craig A. Lampo Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Amphenol Corporation and will be retained by Amphenol Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 aph-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 aph-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 aph-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 aph-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 aph-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

