<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1419051_0001493152-23-009468.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5243641</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>222970</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>971673</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1426450</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1143891</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1369174</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009468.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329160853
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009468
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			THERAPEUTIC SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001419051
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				451226465
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54554
		FILM NUMBER:		23775293

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 WILD ROSE LANE
		CITY:			ELK CITY
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83525
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(760) 295-7208

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 WILD ROSE LANE
		CITY:			ELK CITY
		STATE:			ID
		ZIP:			83525

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Friendly Auto Dealers, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009468.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____to_____ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 None 

Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title
 of class 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S K 229.405) is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was based on a closing price
of 0.0415 as of June 30, 2022. 

As
of March 29, 2023, shares of the registrartant s common stock, par value of 0.001 per shares, were outstanding. 

INDEX 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

PAGE
 NO 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 19 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 23 
 
 ITEM 2 
 PROPERTIES 
 23 
 
 ITEM 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 23 
 
 ITEM 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 23 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 23 
 
 ITEM 6 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 24 
 
 ITEM 7 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 24 
 
 ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 26 
 
 ITEM 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 26 
 
 ITEM 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 27 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 27 
 
 ITEM 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 28 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 28 
 
 ITEM 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 34 
 
 ITEM 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 34 
 
 ITEM 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 35 
 
 ITEM 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 35 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 35 

SIGNATURES 
 36 

2 

PART
I. 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, which are subject to a
number of risks and uncertainties. All statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, including statements
about our business strategy, uncertainty regarding our future operating results and our profitability, anticipated sources of funds and
all plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and any statements regarding future potential revenue, gross margins and our prospects
for 2022 and thereafter. These statements may appear in a number of places and can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology
such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, predict, future, intend, or certain 
or the negative of these terms or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy. 

The
following factors are among those that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements: 

Need
 for additional capital; 
 
 Limited
 operating history in our new business model; 
 
 Limited
 experience introducing new products; 
 
 Our
 ability to successfully expand our operations and manage our future growth; 
 
 Difficulty
 in managing our growth and expansion; 
 
 Dilutive
 effects of any raising of additional capital; 
 
 The
 deterioration of global economic conditions and the decline of consumer confidence and spending; 
 
 Material
 weaknesses reported in our internal control over financial reporting; 
 
 Our
 ability to protect intellectual property rights and the value of our products; 
 
 The
 potential for product liability claims against us; 
 
 Our
 dependence on third party manufacturers to manufacture our products; 
 
 Our
 common stock is currently classified as a penny stock; 
 
 Our
 stock price may experience future volatility; 
 
 The
 illiquidity of our common stock; and 
 
 Substantial
 sales of shares of our common stock. 

Actual
results may vary materially from those in such forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those identified
in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this document. No assurance can be given that the risk factors described in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K are all of the factors that could cause actual results to vary materially from the forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. The Company s
future results and shareholder values may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned
not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include statements in which words such as
 expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, estimate, 
 consider, or similar expressions are used. References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, 
 TSOI, we, our, and us refer to Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. 

3 

ITEM 1 BUSINESS. 

Corporate
History 

Therapeutic
Solutions International, Inc. TSOI or the Company was organized August 6, 2007 under the name Friendly
Auto Dealers, Inc., under the laws of the State of Nevada. In the first quarter of 2011 the Company changed its name from Friendly Auto
Dealers, Inc. to Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc., and acquired Splint Decisions, Inc., a California corporation. 

On
December 17, 2020, Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. Board of Directors made a decision to move our corporate headquarters to
Elk City, Idaho 83525 and has purchased real property at 701 Wild Rose Lane and 50 Bullock Lane, Elk City Idaho 83525. The Company continues
to maintain a satellite office at the current address of 4093 Oceanside Blvd., Suite B, Oceanside CA, 92056. 

Business
Description 

Currently
the Company is focused on immune modulation for the treatment of several specific diseases. Immune modulation refers to the ability to
upregulate (make more active) or downregulate (make less active) one s immune system. 

Activating
one s immune system is now an accepted method to treat certain cancers, reduce recovery time from viral or bacterial infections
and to prevent illness. Additionally, inhibiting one s immune system is vital for reducing inflammation, autoimmune disorders and
allergic reactions. 

TSOI
is developing a range of immune-modulatory agents to target certain cancers, schizophrenia, suicidal ideation, traumatic brain injury,
and for daily health. 

Nutraceutical
Division TSOI has been producing high quality nutraceuticals. Its current flagship product, QuadraMune , is a multi-patented
synergistic blend of pterostilbene, sulforaphane, epigallocatechingallate, and thymoquinone. QuadraMune has been shown to increase Natural
Killer Cell activity and healthy Cytokine production. Our synergistic blend of ingredients helps the immune system fight off common and
complex ailments and promote healthy T Cell activity. Recently the Company was approved to sell certain nutraceuticals on the Amazon
Platform. 

Cellular
Division TSOI obtained exclusive rights to a patented adult stem cell for development of therapeutics in the area of chronic
traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) and traumatic brain injury (TBI) and Lung Pathology (LP). 

The
stem cell licensed, termed JadiCell is unique in that it possesses features of mesenchymal stem cells, however, outperforms
these cells in terms of a) enhanced growth factor production; b) augmented ability to secrete exosomes; and c) superior angiogenic and
neurogenic ability. 

Chronic
Traumatic Encephalopathy (CTE) is caused by repetitive concussive/sub-concussive hits to the head sustained over a period of years and
is often found in football players. The condition is characterized by memory loss, impulsive/erratic behavior, impaired judgment, aggression,
depression, and dementia. In many patients with CTE, it is anatomically characterized by brain atrophy, reduced mass of frontal and temporal
cortices, and medial temporal lobe. TSOI has previously filed several patents in the area of CTE based on modulating the brain microenvironment
to enhance receptivity of regenerative cells such as stem cells. On March 4, 2021, the Company received an IND Serial # 27377 for a clinical
trial of 10 patients with CTE. 

On
August 4th, 2021, the Company announced clearance from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to initiate a Phase III pivotal trial for
registration of the Company s JadiCell universal donor stem cell as a treatment for COVID-19 associated lung failure under
IND # 19757. In previous studies the Company has demonstrated the superior activity of JadiCell to other types of stem cells including
bone marrow, adipose, cord blood, and placenta. Furthermore, the JadiCell was shown to be 100 effective in saving the lives of COVID-19
patients under the age of 85 in a double-blind placebo controlled clinical trial with patients in the ICU on a ventilator. In patients
over the age of 85 the survival rate was 91 . The Company also recently announced the launching of Phase III for IND # 19757 with Biorasi
LLC, a global, full-service CRO, who will run the clinical trial. 

In
addition, the Company has filed data with the FDA, as part of IND #17448, which demonstrated that treatment of cancer patients with StemVacs 
resulted in enhanced activity of a type of immunological cell called natural killer cells, otherwise known as NK
cells. 

The
Company has also developed an allogenic version of StemVacs and has filed patents to cover activating universal donor immune system cells
called dendritic cells in a manner so that upon injection they reprogram the body s NK cells. 

Most
recently the Company announced filing of a patent application covering the use of JadiCells for treatment of epilepsy and
associated conditions. 

4 

Investigational
Drug Applications: 

Treatment
of Metastatic Breast Cancer by StemVacs-V Cancer Immunotherapeutic IND transferred to Res Nova Bio,Inc. 

The
Primary Objective is safety and feasibility of StemVacs-V administration at 12 months as assessed by lack of adverse medical events.
The Secondary Objective is efficacy as judged by tumor response, time to progression, and immunological monitoring. 

Safety,
Feasibility, and Immunomodulatory Activities of StemVacs in Patients with Advanced Solid Tumors IND # 17448 

The
Primary Objective is safety and feasibility of StemVacs administration at 12 months as assessed by lack of adverse medical events. The
Secondary Objective is efficacy as judged by tumor response, time to progression, and immunological monitoring. 

Umbilical
Cord-derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells for Patients with COVID-19 UC-MSC for COVID-19 IND # 19757 

The
primary objective will be to assess effectiveness of UC-MSC treatment on proportion of patients alive and free of respiratory failure
at Day 60 after randomization. The secondary objectives will be to assess all-cause mortality at Day 60, survival at day 31, number of
subjects experiencing serious adverse events (SAEs) by day 31, SAE-free survival, time to recovery (evaluated until day 60), and time
to oxygen requirement equal or below 40 oxygen. 

Investigation
of Umbilical Cord-derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells for the Treatment of Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy Patients IND # 27377 

To
determine safety and efficacy of 100 million intravenously administered JadiCell allogeneic umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells.
Efficacy will be determined by behavioral scores, brain imaging, and reduction in inflammatory markers. Toxicity of treatment was evaluated
for the duration of the study and will be graded according to the criteria of the World Health Organization. 

JadiCell
Therapy for COPD IND transferred to Breathe Biologics, Inc. 

To
determine safety and efficacy of intravenously administered allogeneic JadiCell umbilical cord blood mesenchymal stem cells in patients
with moderate-to-severe COPD. The Primary Endpoint, which is toxicity, will be assessed by number of adverse events (AEs). The Secondary
Endpoint, which is efficacy will be evaluated at baseline and days 30, 60, and 90. 

Nutraceutical
Division (TSOI) 

ProJuvenol 
 is a patented, (US No.: 9,682,047) and powerful synergistic blend of complex anti-aging ingredients in capsules. 

NanoStilbene 
 is an easily absorbed nanoemulsion of nanoparticle pterostilbene derived from the 047 patent. 

DermalStilbene is
 a topical form of pterostilbene delivered via spray application onto skin, derived from the 047 patent. 

IsoStilbene an
 injectable formulation of pterostilbene is available by prescription only, derived
 from the 047 patent. 

NeuroStilbene is
 an intranasal form of pterostilbene delivered via spray application inside the nostril, derived from the 047 patent. 

NanoPSA is
 a blend of NanoStilbene and Broccoli Sprout
 Extract (BSE) providing 74mg of BSE and 125mg of our patented NanoStilbene, a proprietary formulation of nanoparticle pterostilbene.

NLRP3
 Trifecta is a two-product combo and consists
 of one bottle of NanoPSA and one bottle of GTE-50 green tea extract. 

QuadraMune 
 is a multi-patented synergistic blend of pterostilbene,
 sulforaphane, epigallocatechingallate, and thymoquinone. 

5 

Patents : 

On February
14, 2023 , the Company filed a patent application titled Enhancement of Anti-Angiogenic Cancer Immunotherapy by
Abortogenic Agents which discloses the parallels between pregnancy and cancer that have been historically made, however,
the ability to leverage abortogenic immunity against neoplasia has not been widely examined. The current invention provides means of
suppressing tumor associated immune inhibition through administration of progesterone and/or glucocorticoid receptor antagonists
such as RU-486. In one embodiment the invention provides the concurrent utilization RI-486 and anti-angiogenic immunotherapy. In
another embodiment, abortogenic inhibitors of immunity such as indolamine 2,3 dioxygenase are administered together with RU-486
and/or anti-angiogenic immunotherapy. Various antiangiogenic agents can be utilized in the practice of the invention including the
ValloVax immunotherapy and/or the StemVacs-V therapy. 

On
 January 09, 2023 , the Company filed a patent application titled Prediction of Stem Cell Therapy Responsiveness by Quantification
of Pre-Existing B Regulatory Cells which disclosed novel means of stratifying patients into potential of positive response
to mesenchymal stem cell therapy based on quantification of pretreatment levels of B regulatory cells. In one embodiment quantification
of cells concurrently expressing CD5 and CD19. In another embodiment B regulatory cells are CD19+CD39 IL10+. In one embodiment
the selection of B regulatory cells is quantified by flow cytometric means and patients possessing more than 7 IL-10 secreting CD19
cells are chosen for stem cell therapy. In some embodiments numbers of B regulatory cells are increased prior to treatment by administration
of various interventions including providing GM-CSF, microbiome alteration or manipulation of oxidative stress. 

On
 January 04, 2023 , the Company filed a patent application titled Enhanced Efficacy of Tolerogenic Vaccination 
which disclosed means, methods, and compositions of matter useful for induction of antigen specific suppression of immunity and/or tolerogenesis
through administration of tolerogenic agents together with antigens and/or modified antigens delivered via multiple intradermal injections.
In one embodiment the invention teaches the use of a tattoo gun or a similar device to administer over an extended area of skin a compound
which induces a tolerogenic microenvironment and subsequently administration of said antigen in the artificially created microenvironment.
The essence of the disclosed invention is the superior tolerogenic effects observed when tolerogenic stimuli and antigen are administered
over an extended area of skin through the use of a tattoo gun or similar device. 

On
 November 14, 2022 , the Company filed a patent titled Treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease with Myeloid
Derived Suppressor Cells which discloses compositions of matter, protocols, and treatment means for prevention and/or reversing
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) using myeloid derived suppressor cells as a monotherapy or adjuvant therapy. In one embodiment
umbilical cord low density myeloid cells are expanded using interleukin-3 and GM-CSF and administered in an allogeneic manner to a mammal
suffering from COPD. In some embodiments combinations of myeloid derived suppressor cells and mesenchymal stem cells are disclosed. 

On
 October 24, 2022 , the Company filed a patent application titled Mesenchymal Stem Cell Therapy of Epilepsy and Seizure
Disorders which discloses novel compositions of matter and treatment methods for reducing and/or reversing epilepsy through
administration of mesenchymal stem cells in order to induce immune modulation and/or regenerative processes. In one embodiment umbilical
cord mesenchymal stem cells are administered to a patient suffering from epilepsy at a concentration and frequency sufficient to inhibit
neuronal hyperactivation and/or reduce neuroinflammatory status of the patient. 

On
October 03, 2022 , the Company filed a patent application titled Stimulation of Pulmonary Regenerative Exosomes by Mesenchymal
Stem Cells and Derivatives Thereof which discloses therapeutic means for pulmonary degenerative conditions through the administration
of mesenchymal stem cells in order to induce regenerative exosomes from dendritic cells expressing CD103. In one embodiment cultures
of mesenchymal stem cells with dendritic cell progenitors are disclosed wherein said mesenchymal stem cells induce a modulation of STAT3
signaling in said dendritic cell endowing a regenerative property to said dendritic cells and exosomes derived from said cells. 

On
 September 19, 2022 , the Company filed a patent application titled Treatment of Bipolar Disorder Using Mesenchymal Stem
Cells and Modification of Mesenchymal Stem Cells that discloses the utilization of mesenchymal stem cells, exosomes from mesenchymal
stem cells, conditioned media from mesenchymal stem cells, apoptotic bodies from mesenchymal stem cells, and modified mesenchymal stem
cells for treatment of bipolar disorder. In one embodiment mesenchymal stem cells isolated from umbilical cord tissue are treated with
carbon monoxide at a concentration sufficient to induce activation of heme-oxygenase I and infused into a patient at risk or suffering
from bipolar disorder. 

On
 September 12, 2022 , the Company filed a patent application titled Treatment of COPD by Stimulation of Stem Cell Mobilization 
which discloses means of inducing pulmonary regeneration and/or protection from oxidative stress by stimulation of endogenous stem cell
mobilization together with one or more inhibitors of NF-kappa B and/or one or more inhibitors of oxidative stress. The invention discloses
the unexpected finding that G-CSF administration enhances oxidative stress and pulmonary damage, however, coadministration with pterostilbene,
results in synergistic suppression of COPD pathology. 

On
 August 29, 2022 , the Company filed a patent application titled Gene Silencing Therapy of Acute Respiratory Disorder 
that teaches treatment means, compositions of matter and protocols useful for suppression of acute respiratory disorder (ARDS) through
induction of RNA interference in the pulmonary microenvironment alone and/or in conjunction with mucolytic and/or DNA disrupting agents.
In one embodiment short interfering RNA (siRNA) is prepared which targets complement receptors C3R and/or C5R together with TNF-receptor,
IL-6 receptor and/or TLR4 and TLR9. In some embodiments NanoStilbene is utilized as a delivery vehicle for siRNA delivery. 

6 

On
 August 12, 2022 , the Company filed a patent application titled Treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease by
Mesenchymal Stem Cell Apoptotic Bodies and Compositions Thereof that discloses means, treatments and compositions of matter
useful for treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). In one embodiment the invention provides the administration of
mesenchymal stem cell apoptotic bodies alone or in combination with regenerative adjuvants to prevent and/or reverse reduction
in lung function associated with COPD. In other embodiments the invention teaches the utilization of stem cell apoptotic bodies for induction
of pulmonary regeneration directly or indirectly. 

On
 July 29, 2022 , the Company filed a patent application titled Gene Modified iPSC Derived Cellular Compositions for Regeneration
and Immune Modulation that disclosed cells and cellular compositions useful for treatment of degenerative and/or autoimmune
diseases derived from gene edited/gene modified pluripotent stem cells. In one embodiment pluripotent stem cell such as inducible pluripotent
stem cells are gene modified to express tissue associated transcription factors such as pdx-1 if endodermal tissue is desired and cells
are differentiated into regenerative-type cells such as along the mesenchymal lineage. In one embodiment the invention teaches transfection
with IL-27 to induce expression of coinhibitory molecules for suppression of autoimmunity. In some embodiments the invention provides
generation of iPSC derived MSC which cannot stimulate inflammation due to gene-editing based removal of inflammatory associated transcription
factors. 

On
 May 12, 2022 , the Company filed a patent application titled Inhibition and Reversion of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary
Disease (COPD) by Endothelial Cell Regeneration that teaches means, treatment methods, and compositions of matter useful for
prevention and/or reversion of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). In one embodiment the invention provides the administration
of mesenchymal stem cells and exosome thereof as a means of augmenting endogenous endothelial regeneration and/or endothelial regeneration
stimulated by exogenous means. In some embodiments the invention provides administration of allogeneic mesenchymal stem cells together
with autologous endothelial progenitor cells and/or mobilization of said autologous endothelial progenitor cells. 

On
 March 7, 2022 , the Company filed a patent application titled Treatment of Trauma Associated Cognitive Dysfunction Using
Mesenchymal Stem Cell Apoptotic Bodies and Compositions Thereof which teaches means, treatments and compositions of matter
useful for treatment of chemotherapy/radiotherapy associated cognitive dysfunction. In one embodiment the invention provides the administration
of mesenchymal stem cell apoptotic bodies alone or in combination with regenerative adjuvants to prevent and/or reverse
cognitive dysfunction associated with chemotherapy and/or radiation therapy. In other embodiments the invention teaches the utilization
of stem cell apoptotic bodies for induction of neuroregeneration directly or indirectly. 

On
 February 7, 2022 , the Company filed a patent application titled Treatment of COVID-19 Associated Cognitive Dysfunction
by Nutraceutical Preparations that teaches means and methods of treating cognitive dysfunction associated with COVID-19 and/or
other associated with inflammatory conditions. In one embodiment treatment of COVID-19 cognitive dysfunction performed by administration
of nutraceutical means, wherein said nutraceuticals are administered at a frequency and/or concentration sufficient to induce proliferation
of endogenous neural progenitor cells and/or protect cells from inflammatory damage. In one embodiment said nutraceuticals are comprised
of green tea extract, and/or nigella sativa, and/or pterostilbene, and/or sulforaphane. In some embodiments nutraceutical compositions
are utilized to overcome treatment resistant of currently used antidepressants. 

On
 November 1, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Induction of Concurrent Pulmonary Immune Modulation
and Regeneration by Protein Mediated Conjugation of Immune Regulatory Cells with Endogenous Progenitor Cells that discloses
means, methods and compositions of matter useful for treatment of inflammatory pulmonary diseases such as COVID-19 through administration
of agents that facilitate interaction between immune modulatory cells and endogenous pulmonary progenitor cells. In one embodiment a
bispecific antibody capable of facilitating the interaction between CD25 on T regulatory cells and CD47 on pulmonary epithelial stem
cells is described. 

On
 October 11, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Umbilical Cord Derived Regenerative and Immune Modulatory
Stem Cell Populations which provides universal donor cellular populations derived from umbilical cords possessing ability
to elicit immune modulation and evoke regeneration when administered into a mammalian host. Generation of cellular products for clinical
use are provided including methodologies of expansion, characterization, and means of therapeutic implementation. 

On
 October 4, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Reduction of Neutrophil Extracellular Trap formation
by Mesenchymal Stem Cells and their Exosomes that disclosed methods of reducing lung inflammation in acute respiratory distress
syndrome elicited by various factors such as COVID-19 infection by reduction of neutrophil extracellular trap formation through administration
of mesenchymal stem cells and/or exosomes thereof. The invention provides means of inhibiting neutrophil release of extracellular traps
by mesenchymal stem cells and/or exosomes derived from said mesenchymal stem cells. Additionally, synergies are provided between mesenchymal
stem cells and/or exosomes derived from mesenchymal stem cells and agents approaches which reduce neutrophil extracellular trap formation. 

7 

On September
22, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Stimulation of Mesenchymal Stem Cell Therapeutic Activities by
T Regulatory Cells teaches novel means of enhancing mesenchymal stem cell regenerative activities including, intra alia,
production from pulmonary leakage and suppression of scar tissue formation by co-administration with T regulatory cells. In some
embodiments the invention provides an interaction between T regulatory cells and mesenchymal stem cells in which T regulatory cells
stimulate upregulation of mesenchymal stem cell activity in a GITR dependent manner. 

On
 September 16, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Ivermectin Compositions for Treatment of COVID-19 
that discloses novel mechanisms of action of ivermectin therapy as related to treatment of COVID-19 and means of augmenting therapeutic
activities by co-administration with one or more of the following: pterostilbene, thymoquinone, epigallocatechin-3-gallate, and sulforaphane.
In one embodiment the invention provides enhanced reduction of inflammation induced pulmonary leakage without augmenting immune suppressive
mechanisms. 

On
 August 23, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Umbilical Cord Mesenchymal Stem Cells for Treatment of
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease and Lung Degeneration that discloses means of treating lung degenerative diseases including
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (CODP) using umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells such as JadiCells alone, and/or using said cells
under conditions that are activated in order to endow enhanced regenerative activity. In one embodiment said activation of said mesenchymal
stem cells is performed through stimulation with a toll like receptor agonist at a concentration and duration sufficient to induce a
>50 increase in keratinocyte growth factor expression from said stem cells. In another embodiment the invention provides the use
of JadiCells as a means of producing exosomes, wherein said exosomes possess therapeutic properties capable of reducing inflammation,
fibrosis and degeneration associated with COPD, as well as stimulation of regenerative activity. In some JadiCells are activated by a
treatment with Activated Protein C. 

On
 August 18, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled E nhancement of Umbilical Cord Mesenchymal Stem Cell Therapeutic
Activity by Stimulators of T Regulatory Cells and/or Cells Expressing CD73 that teaches compositions of matter and protocols
useful for treatment of COVID-19 and/or other inflammatory pathologies through stimulation of T regulatory cells and/or T cells expressing
CD73 using administration of umbilical cord derived mesenchymal stem cells such as JadiCells. In one embodiment dosage of JadiCells needed
to treat a patient is determined by the increase of T regulatory cells and/or CD73 expressing cells that are increased in number and/or
activity subsequent to a test dose of JadiCells. In another embodiment stimulators of T regulatory cells and/or CD73 expressing T cells
are utilized together with JadiCells in order to augment therapeutic activity. In some embodiments administration of JadiCell is performed
with low dose interleukin-2 as a treatment for COVID-19 or other inflammatory related pathologies. 

On
 August 11, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Induction of Neurogenesis using Umbilical Cord Derived
Mesenchymal Stem Cells and Derivatives Thereof that disclosed compositions of matter and protocols useful for treatment of
neurological dysfunctions through stimulation of adult neurogenesis using administration of umbilical cord derived mesenchymal stem cells
such as JadiCells. In one embodiment viral induced neuropathy is reduced by administration of JadiCells to stimulate neurogenesis. In
another embodiment the neurogenic activity of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors is enhanced by administration of JadiCells. In
some embodiments administration of JadiCell exosomes, conditioned media, microvesicles and/or apoptotic bodies is utilized to stimulate
neurogenesis. 

On
 July 28, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Neuroprotection and Neuroregeneration by Pterostilbene
and Compositions Thereof with new data demonstrating that the blueberry derived compound pterostilbene possesses numerous
brain protective and potentially brain regenerative activities. The data disclosed by the Company indicates: a) pterostilbene suppresses
inflammatory cytokines TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta and IL-6; b) pterostilbene inhibits death of neurons caused by inflammatory mediators; c)
pterostilbene stimulates production of regenerative factors from cells in the brain such as BDNF, NGF, FGF-1, and FGF-2; and d) pterostilbene
allows/enhances proliferation of endogenous brain stem cells. 

 Granted
on November 23, 2022. 

On
 July 6, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Treatment of Parkinson s Disease by Immune Modulation
and Regenerative Means in which we describe and disclose means, methods and compositions of matter for treatment Parkinson s
Disease through concurrent immune modulation and regenerative means. In one embodiment Parkinson s Disease is treated by augmentation
of T regulatory cell numbers and/or activity while concurrently providing regenerative cells such as mesenchymal stem cells, and/or dopamine
secreting cells. In one embodiment administration of immunoglobulins such as IVIG together with low dose interleukin-2 and/or low dose
naltrexone is disclosed as a preparatory means prior to administration of therapeutic cells such as stem cells. Other therapeutic means
utilized in an adjuvant manner are also provided for hormonal rebalancing, transcranial magnetic stimulation, and deep brain stimulation. 

8 

On May
24, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Immunotherapies for Targeting of Tumor Vasculature 
that disclosed novel means, protocols, and compositions of matter for creating targeted immune responses and/or induction of
immunological memory towards the tumor vasculature. In one embodiment pluripotent stem cells are transfected with one or more genes
capable of eliciting immunity, induced to differentiate into endothelial-like cells which resemble the tumor endothelial cells, and
utilized as a vaccine. In some embodiment s genes are engineered under control of specific promoters to allow for various
specificities of activity. In one specific embodiment pluripotent stem cells engineered to endow properties capable of inducing
expression of the - Gal epitope (Gal 1,3Gal 1,4GlcNAc-R). Addition of adjuvants to enhance antigen presentation of
the vaccine composition, as well as means of stimulating systemic enhancement of circulating endothelial specific T cells are also
disclosed. 

 Published
on November 24, 2022. 

On
 May 21, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Lithium as a Monotherapy and/or Stem Cell Adjuvant Therapy
for Pulmonary Fibrosis that disclosed compositions of matter, therapeutics, and protocols useful for reduction and/or reversion
of pulmonary fibrosis. In one specific embodiment lithium chloride is administered together with a regenerative cell in a patient suffering
from, or at risk of pulmonary fibrosis. In one embodiment said lithium chloride is administered as an adjuvant to a regenerative therapy,
wherein said regenerative therapy is a gene therapy, a protein therapy, a cell therapy, or a tissue transplant. In one embodiment lithium
chloride, or a salt thereof is utilized alone, or with a regenerative means, to evoke preservation and/or elongation of telomere length
in pulmonary tissue. In one embodiment the invention teaches administration of umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells (MSC) and/or products
derived from said cells in order to induce an inhibition of natural or pathological reduction of telomere length, to preserve telomere
length or to enhance telomere length. In one embodiment the MSC described in the invention as useful are umbilical cord derived MSC.
Published on November 24, 2022. 

On
 May 17, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Treatment of Major Depressive Disorder by Low Dose Interleukin-2 
which teaches methods, compositions of matter, and protocols useful for treatment of major depressive disorder through administration
of low dose interleukin- 2 at a concentration and/or frequency sufficient to increase expansion of T regulatory cell numbers and/or enhancement
of T regulatory cell activity. In some embodiments administration of interleukin-2 is provided as means of enhancing efficacy of standard
antidepressant therapies. Furthermore, administration of interleukin-2 receptor agonists is also described in the current invention as
a treatment of major depressive disorder. 

On
 April 13, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Amelioration and Treatment of Opioid Addiction 
that discloses compositions of matter, protocols and treatment means for reducing and/or preventing opioid addiction. In one embodiment
the invention teaches intranasal administration of umbilical cord blood plasma, or extracts thereof, together with pterostilbene or pterostilbene
containing nanoparticles, and/or oxytocin, and/or human chorionic gonadotropin. 

On
 March 29, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Compositions Capable of Stimulating Immunity Towards Tumor
Blood Vessels which discloses novel means, protocols, and compositions of matter for eliciting an immune response against
blood vessels supplying neoplastic tissue. In one embodiment pluripotent stem cells are transfected with one or more genes capable of
eliciting immunity. In some embodiments such genes are engineered under control of specific promoters to allow for various specificities
of activity. In one specific embodiment pluripotent stem cells engineered to endow properties capable of inducing expression of the -Gal
epitope (Gal 1,3Gal 1,4GlcNAc-R). 

On
 March 23, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Chimeric Cells Comprising Dendritic Cells and Endothelial
Cells Resembling Tumor Endothelium which disclosed are means, methods and compositions of matter useful for induction of immunological
responses towards tumor endothelial cells. In one embodiment the invention teaches fusion of dendritic cells and cells resembling tumor
endothelial cells and administration of such chimeric cells as an immunotherapy for stimulation of tumor endothelial cell destruction.
In other embodiments pluripotent stem cells are utilized to generate dendritic cells, wherein said dendritic cells are fused with pluripotent
stem cell derived endothelial cells created in a manner to resemble tumor endothelial cells. 

On
 March 16, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Pluripotent Stem Cell Derived Dendritic Cells and Engineered
Dendritic Cells for Cancer Immunotherapy which disclosed are populations of dendritic cells generated from stem cells capable
of inducing immunity towards cancer. In one embodiment said dendritic cells are generated from allogeneic inducible pluripotent stem
cells, for some uses, said pluripotent stem cells are genetically engineered/edited to induce cancer specific immunity and/or resist
immunosuppressive effect of tumor derived microenvironment. In one embodiment pluripotent stem cells are transfected with cancer stem
cell antigens such as BORIS and/or NR2F6. 

On
 March 4, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Therapeutic Monocytes for Prevention of Suicidal Ideation 
that discloses compositions of matter, protocols, and therapeutic means for treatment of suicidal ideations and/or suppression of suicidal
attempts. In one embodiment the invention provides the use of umbilical cord derived monocytes as a means of treatment. In another embodiment,
monocytes are de-differentiated from adult monocytes using reprogramming means to create monocyte capable of producing anti-inflammatory
as well as regenerative properties useful in reducing suicidal ideations and/or attempts. Published on September 8, 2022. 

On
 February 2, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Ex Vivo Generation of Immunocytes Recognizing Brother
Of The Regulator of Imprinted Sites (BORIS) Expressing Cancer Stem Cells that discusses means, methods and compositions of
matter useful for induction of immunity towards cancer stem cells by providing a dendritic cell, wherein said dendritic cells express
BORIS and/or peptides derived from BORIS, wherein said dendritic cell is cultured in the presence of one or more immunocytes. In one
embodiment said dendritic cells are derived from umbilical cord blood sources and allogeneic to T cells, which are expanded ex vivo and
used for the purposes of immunotherapy. Published on August 25, 2022. 

9 

On
 February 8, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Stimulation of Natural Kill Cell Memory by Administration
of Dendritic Cells which disclosed means, methods and compositions of matter useful for induction of natural killer cell memory
by administration of dendritic cells and/or exosomes thereof. In one embodiment a mammal suffering from cancer is administered allogeneic
cord blood derived dendritic cells that are not pulsed exogenously. In one embodiment the dendritic cells are stimulated to possess chemotactic
activity towards the tumor by culture of dendritic cell progenitors in hypoxia. Natural killer cell memory is induced, in part, by triggering
of upregulation of cytokines associated with homeostatic expansion such as interleukin 7 and interleukin 15. 

On
 January 26, 2021 , the Company filed a patent application titled Stimulation of Dendritic Cell Activity by Homotaurine
and Analogues Thereof which discloses means, methods, and compositions of matter useful for enhancement of dendritic cell
activity. In one embodiment the invention provides the use of GABA agonists such as homotaurine for stimulation of dendritic cell activity.
In one embodiment said dendritic cell activity is enhancement of natural killer cell activity and/or of T cell activity. In one embodiment
NK cell activity is ability to induce cytotoxicity in neoplastically transformed cells, whereas T cell activity is either cytokine production
for CD4 cells or cytotoxicity for CD8 cells. 

On
 December 21, 2020 , the Company filed a patent application titled Immunotherapy for Opioid Addiction which
teaches means, methods and compositions of matter useful for reduction of brain inflammation and prevention of opioid addiction and/or
tolerance. In one embodiment the invention provides utilization of platelet rich plasma (PRP), alone, or admixed with regenerative/anti-inflammatory
adjuvants, for reduction of neural inflammation. In one embodiments PRP is admixed with oxytocin and administered intranasally in a patient
at risk of opioid addiction. In another embodiment, PRP is admixed with fortified and non-fortified nigella sativa oil, and/or pterostilbene
and administered intranasally. Other embodiments include utilization of autologous stromal vascular fraction cells alone and/or admixed
with regenerative/anti-inflammatory adjuvants. 

On
 December 8, 2020 , the Company filed a patent application titled Treatment of Major Depressive Disorder and Suicidal
Ideations Through Stimulation of Hippocampal Neurogenesis Utilizing Plant-Based Approaches that teaches means and methods
of treating major depressive disorder and/or other disorders that predispose to suicide by administration of nutraceutical means, wherein
said nutraceuticals are administered at a frequency and/or concentration sufficient to induce proliferation of endogenous neural progenitor
cells. In one embodiment said nutraceuticals are comprised of green tea extract, and/or nigella sativa, and/or pterostilbene, and/or
sulforaphane. In some embodiment s nutraceutical compositions are utilized to overcome treatment resistant of currently used antidepressants. 

On
 November 24, 2020 , the Company filed a patent application titled Stimulation of NK Cell Activity by QuadraMune Alone
and together with Metformin that disclosed means, compounds, and compositions of matter useful for stimulation of natural
killer cell activity. In some embodiments the invention teaches the administration of a therapeutic combination of ingredients comprising
of metformin, pterostilbene, nigella sativa, sulforaphane, and epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG) to a mammal in need of natural killer
cell immune modulation. In another embodiment, the invention teaches administration of said therapeutic combination to a mammal infected
with said SARS-CoV-2. In some embodiments dosage of said therapeutic combination is based on inflammatory and/or immunological parameters
observed in patients with COVID-19. 

On
 October 27, 2020 , the Company filed a patent application titled Protection/Regeneration of Neurological Function by
Endothelial Protection/Rejuvenation using Stem Cells for Treatment of Conditions such as Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy
and Schizophrenia which therapeutic compounds, protocols, and compositions of matter useful for treatment of neurological conditions.
In one embodiment the invention teaches the treatment of chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) through protecting/regenerating the endothelial
by administration of cells such as stem cells. In one embodiment stem cells are administered in order to protect the endothelium from
apoptosis and to preserve the blood brain barrier. In another embodiment stem cells are administered together with endothelial progenitor
cells in order to regenerate neural endothelium. In other embodiments preservation of brain integrity in conditions of degeneration is
accomplished by administration of stem cells and/or endothelial cells. 

On
 October 18, 2020 , the Company filed a patent application titled Nutraceutical Reduction Prevention and/or Reversion
of Multiple Sclerosis that discloses compositions of matter, protocols, and treatment means for preventing and/or reversing
multiple sclerosis in a mammal. In one embodiment administration of compositions containing pterostilbene, and/or nigella sativa, and/or
sulforaphane, and/or epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG) are provided. 

On
 September 24, 2020 , the Company filed a patent application titled Personalized Immunotherapies for Reduction of Brain
Inflammation and Suicide Prevention that discloses means, methods and compositions of matter useful for reduction of brain
inflammation and prevention of suicidal ideations and suicidal attempts. In one embodiment the invention provides utilization of autologous
platelet rich plasma, alone, or admixed with regenerative/anti-inflammatory adjuvants, for reduction of neural inflammation. In one embodiment
autologous PRP is admixed with oxytocin and administered intranasally in a patient at risk of suicidal ideation. In another embodiment,
PRP is admixed with fortified and non-fortified nigella sativa oil and administered intranasally. Other embodiments include utilization
of autologous stromal vascular fraction cells alone and/or admixed with regenerative/anti-inflammatory adjuvants. 

10 

On
 September 14, 2020 , the Company filed a patent application titled Immunotherapy of Schizophrenia and Schizophrenia Associated
Suicidal Ideation/Suicide Disclosed are methods, means, and protocols of modifying the immune system so as to induce an immunologically
tolerant state insofar as T regulatory cell number and/or activity is augmented in a patient suffering from schizophrenia. In one embodiment
T regulatory cells are administered to the patient from exogenous sources, be they allogeneic or autologous. In other embodiments, T
regulatory cells are generated endogenously through administration of immature dendritic cells, mesenchymal stem cells, and/or pharmaceutical
means. 

On
 August 28, 2020, the Company filed a patent application titled Upregulation of Therapeutic T Regulatory Cells and Suppression
of Suicidal Ideations in Response to Inflammation by Administration of Nutraceutical Compositions Alone or Combined with Minocycline 
which discloses compositions of matter, treatments and protocols useful for induction of T regulatory cells in response to inflammation,
as well as inhibition of suicidal ideations and/or neuroinflammation. In some embodiments the invention teaches the administration of
a therapeutic combination of ingredients comprising of minocycline, pterostilbene, nigella sativa, sulforaphane, and epigallocatechin-3-gallate
(EGCG) to a mammal undergoing upregulation of inflammatory mediators. 

On
 August 21, 2020, the Company filed a patent application titled Methods of Determining Risk of Suicide and/or Suicidal
Ideation by Immunological Assessment which discloses means and methods of identifying risk of suicide and/or suicidal ideation
by assessment of immunologically related cytokines and cells. In one embodiment, a score, termed the Campbell Score is
devised based on assessment of serum cytokines, ability of immune cells to make cytokines when stimulated ex vivo, and ability of immune
cells to produce neurotransmitters when stimulated ex-vivo. In one embodiment the concentration of interleukin-6 is utilized as a means
of assessing suicidal propensity along, and/or in combination with metabolites of the enzyme indolamine 2,3 deoxygenase. 

On
 August 05, 2020, the Company filed a patent application titled Prevention of Neuroinflammation associated Memory Loss
Using Nutraceutical Compositions which discloses means, methods, and therapeutic compositions for prevention of memory loss
during situations of neuroinflammation. In one embodiment the invention teaches administration of the therapeutic combination of ingredients
comprising of pterostilbene, Nigella sativa, sulforaphane, and epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG) to a mammal suffering from inflammation
in order to preserver memory function. 

On
 July 22, 2020 , the Company filed a patent application titled Additive and/or Synergistic Combinations of Metformin with
Nutraceuticals for the Prevention, Inhibition and Treatment of SARS-Cov-2 and Associated COVID-19 showing potent synergy between
QuadraMune and the antidiabetic drug metformin in treating COVID-19 associated lung damage models. It was discovered that the
ability of QuadraMune to protect the lungs from inflammation that resembles coronavirus-induced pathology is markedly amplified
by concurrent administration of metformin. At a mechanistic level, it was shown that metformin increased the ability of QuadraMune 
to a) increase the number of healing macrophages M2 macrophages); b) augment production of anti-inflammatory
and regenerative proteins; and c) suppress production of pathological inflammatory proteins. 

On
 July 13, 2020 , the Company filed a patent application titled Prevention of Pathological Coagulation in COVID-19 and
other Inflammatory Conditions s directed to the utilization of pterostilbene, and/or nigella sativa extract, and/or sulforaphane,
and/or Epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG) alone or in combination, for the prevention of pathological coagulation. In on embodiment a composition
containing all four ingredients is administered to a patient at risk of hypercoagulation in order to prevent aberrant expression of pro-coagulation
molecules and/or induce expression of molecules known to suppress coagulation. In one embodiment the invention teaches administration
of pterostilbene, thymoquinone, sulforaphane, and EGCG as a means of decreasing expression of tissue factor. 

On
 June 30, 2020 , the Company filed a patent application titled Augmentation of Natural Killer Cell Activity and Induction
of Cytotoxic Immunity Using Leukocyte Lysate Activated Allogeneic Dendritic Cells: StemVacs which describes the process
of preparing allogeneic dendritic cells utilizing a leukocyte lysate based approach. These data support development of StemVacs for conditions
that would benefit from NK activation such as cancer and COVID-19. 

On
 June 22, 2020 , the Company filed a patent application titled Treatment of SARS-CoV-2 with Dendritic Cells for Innate
and/or Adaptive Immunity that disclosed means, methods, and compositions of matter for prophylaxis and/or treatment of SARS-CoV-2
by administration of dendritic cells in a manner and frequency sufficient to induce activation of innate and/or adaptive immune responses.
In one embodiment the invention teaches administration of dendritic cells pulsed with one or more innate immune stimulants in a manner
endowing said dendritic cell with ability to induce augmentation of natural killer (NK) cell number and/or activity. In another embodiment
the invention teaches the use of dendritic cells stimulated with innate immune activators in a manner to allow for uptake of viral particles
and presentation of viral epitopes to T cells in order to stimulate immunological activation and/or memory responses. 

On
 June 15, 2020 , the Company filed a patent application titled Nutraceuticals for Suppressing Indolamine 2,3 Deoxygenase 
from new data showing QuadraMune significantly inhibited inflammation associated with memory impairment, as well as reduced levels
of kynurenine. Elevation of kynurenine is associated with activation of indolamine 2,3 deoxygenase, an enzyme associated with inflammation
and depression. 

11 

On
 June 11, 2020 , the Company filed a patent application titled Nutraceuticals for Reducing Myeloid Suppressor Cells 
which disclosed compositions of matter, treatments and protocols useful for reduction of number and/or activity of myeloid suppressor
cells (MSC). In some embodiments the invention teaches the administration of a therapeutic combination of ingredients comprising of pterostilbene,
Nigella sativa, sulforaphane, and epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG) to a mammal at possessing an increased number and/or activity of
said MSC in which reduction of number and/or activity is desired. In another embodiment, the invention teaches administration of said
therapeutic combination to a mammal infected with viral and/or bacterial infections and/or neoplasia. In some embodiments dosage of said
therapeutic combination is based on inflammatory and/or immunological parameters observed in patients. 

On
 May 11, 2020 , the Company filed a patent application titled Treatment of COVID-19 Lung Injury Using Umbilical Cord Plasma
Based Compositions which disclosed means, methods, and compositions of matter useful for the treatment of lung inflammation
associated with viral and bacterial infections, as well as with systemic inflammation, through the administration of umbilical cord blood
derived plasma-based compositions. In one embodiment the invention teaches administration of umbilical cord blood plasma together with
pterostilbene, and/or sulforaphane, and/or thymoquinone, and/or Epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG) and/or n-acetylcysteine in an aerosolized
manner to patients suffering from COVID-19 associated pulmonary deficiencies. In another embodiment, umbilical cord blood plasma is administered
with immune-stimulatory agents in order to concurrently inhibit propagation of viral load in the lung while suppressing pulmonary deficiencies. 

On
 May 4, 2020 , the Company filed a patent application titled Nutraceuticals for the Prevention, Inhibition and Treatment
of SARS-Cov-2 and Associated COVID-19 which teaches compositions of matter, treatments and protocols useful for prevention
of SARS-CoV-2 infection, as well as inhibition of viral propagation and acceleration of viral cure. In some embodiments the invention
teaches the administration of a therapeutic combination of ingredients comprising of pterostilbene, nigella sativa, sulforaphane, and
epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG) to a mammal at risk of infection with SARS-CoV-2. In another embodiment, the invention teaches administration
of said therapeutic combination to a mammal infected with said SARS-CoV-2. In some embodiments dosage of said therapeutic combination
is based on inflammatory and/or immunological parameters observed in patients with COVID-19. 

On
 November 4, 2019 , the Company filed a patent application titled Cellular, Organ, and Whole-Body Rejuvenation Utilizing
Cord Blood Plasma and Pterostilbene that disclosed methods, means, and protocols for stimulation of rejuvenation in single
cells, organs, and organisms by administration of cord blood derived plasma, cord blood plasma concentrates, and cord blood derived exosomes
together with pterostilbene. The invention describes the previously unexpected finding that addition of pterostilbene to cord blood enhances
the rejuvenation properties of cord blood. Said rejuvenation properties include telomere preservation, reduction in beta galactosidase,
and retention of cellular activities. 

On
 September 9, 2019 , the Company filed a patent application titled Pterostilbene and Formulations Thereof for Protection
of Hematopoiesis from Chemotherapy and Radiation which disclosed compositions of matter useful for treatment and/or prevention
of hematopoietic injury using pterostilbene and formulations thereof. In one embodiment nanoparticle delivered pterostilbene is administered
subsequent to chemotherapy induced neutropenia in order to accelerate recovery of the hematopoietic compartment. In another embodiment,
pterostilbene is provided concurrently with chemotherapy in order to concurrently assist the neoplasia killing action of the chemotherapy
while protecting the bone marrow from suppression. In contrast to conventionally used agents that protect from neutropenia such as G-CSF
and GM-CSF, the products disclosed can be chronically administered, thus allowing for concurrent use with chemotherapeutic or radiotherapeutic
agents. 

On
 January 21, 2019 , the Company filed a patent application titled Prevention and Reversion of Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy
through Administration of Educated Monocytes and Progenitors Thereof that provides means of preventing and/or
reversing chronic traumatic encephalopathy in a patient through the modulation of monocytes as well as monocytic progenitors. In one
embodiment the invention teaches administration of monocytes that have been previously educated by exposure to mesenchymal
stem cells in order to endow onto said monocytes properties associated with stimulation of neuroregenerative properties. In some embodiments
monocytes are educated by treatment of monocytic progenitors with conditions capable of endowing anti-inflammatory and regenerative conditions,
said conditions include culture with epigenetic modifying agents. In other embodiments, the invention teaches the manipulation of cord
blood derived monocytes as a starting population of cells for education by culture with mesenchymal stem cells. 

On
 January 21, 2019 , the Company filed a patent application titled Autologous Neurogenic Cells and Uses Thereof for Professional
Athletes at Risk of Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy which disclosed are means, compositions of matter and methods of business
for treating Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy (CTE) using autologous primary cells and modified cells of autologous origin which have
been banked. In one embodiment of the invention autologous dedifferentiation cells are generated and stored for future administration
in patients which have suffered CTE. In other embodiments, dedifferentiated cells are differentiated into neurons or neuronal progenitor
cells and subsequently administered locally or systemically or in a combination. In other embodiments autologous cells are maintained
in an undifferentiated manner and/or neurologically differentiated state and utilized as a conditioning source in an extracorporeal circulatory
system replicating clinical stage extracorporeal liver perfusion (ECLP) with substitution of autologous
dedifferentiated, neurologically differentiated or a combination of said cells instead of hepatic cells. 

12 

On
 December 18, 2018 , the Company filed a patent application titled Treatment of Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy via RNA
Administration which disclosed are protocols, treatment means, and compositions of matter useful for treatment of Chronic
Traumatic Encephalopathy through administration of RNA or modified RNA molecules. In one embodiment said RNA is generated to activate
various toll like receptors (TLR), of which said activation leads to production of cytokines which paradoxically lead to protection from
Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy, wherein said protection constitutes a) reduction in glial cell activation, b) neuronal apoptosis due
to excitotoxicity; and c) stimulation of endogenous regenerative processes including endothelial progenitor cell mobilization, proliferation
of neuronal progenitor cells in the dentate gyrus and subventricular zones. In one particular embodiment targeting of RNA molecules is
performed to specific brain cells including pyramidal neurons through the use of liposomes, exosomes, apoptotic bodies, nanoparticles
and shark or cameloid antibodies is disclosed. 

On
 September 25, 2018 , the Company filed a patent application titled Pterostilbene and Formulations Thereof for Treatment
of Pathological Immune Activation that teaches treatments, protocols, and compositions of matter are described for reduction
of pathological immune system activation. In one embodiment, pterostilbene and/or formulations thereof are administered in a patient
suffering from cytokine release syndrome at a concentration and frequency sufficient to reduce abnormal cytokine production and thus
treat the cause of said cytokine release syndrome. Formulations of pterostilbene are disclosed for rapid release, enhanced biodistribution,
and targeting to cytokine releasing effectors are disclosed for use in the practice of the invention. 

On
 September 17, 2018 , the Company filed a patent application titled Pterostilbene and Compositions Thereof for Prevention
and Treatment of Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy that teaches means, methods, and compositions of matter useful for prevention
of chronic traumatic encephalopathy. In one embodiment of the invention, disclosed is utilization of pterostilbene and/or pterostilbene
based compounds for prevention and/or treatment of chronic traumatic encephalopathy. In one embodiment, the invention teaches administration
of pterostilbene and/or pterostilbene based compounds for reduction of taupathy associated with chronic traumatic encephalopathy. 

On
 August 13, 2018 , the Company filed a patent application titled Enhancement of Ozone Therapy using Pterostilbene 
that disclosed methods, means and compositions of matter using pterostilbene for enhancing therapeutic efficacy of ozone therapy in the
field of oncology. The invention provides previously unknown synergies between ozone administration together with pterostilbene at inducing
direct and indirect cytotoxicity to cancer cells. The invention provides means of delivery, administration, and therapeutic protocols
for treatment of cancer patients. In one embodiment combination of ozone therapy together with pterostilbene is utilized to overcome
drug resistance. 

On
 October 08, 2017 , the Company filed a patent application titled Synergistic Inhibition of Glioma Using Pterostilbene
and Analogues Thereof that teaches methods, means and compositions of matter for utilizing pterostilbene and analogues thereof
for suppression of viability, metastasis and proliferation of glioma cells alone, or together with immunotherapy, chemotherapy, or radiotherapy
means. In one embodiment said pterostilbene augments immunogenicity of glioblastoma cells so as to enhance killing by immune cells or
complement subsequent to damage of said glioblastoma cells by chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or immunotherapy. 

On
 April 26, 2017 , the Company filed a patent application titled Augmentation of Stem Cell Activity using Pterostilbene
and Compositions Containing Pterostilbene that disclosed means of augmenting circulating endogenous stem cells through administration
of an effective amount of pterostilbene or derivatives thereof. In one embodiment a patient with reduced levels of circulating endothelial
progenitor cells is treated with pterostilbene at a concentration and frequency sufficient to restore, and/or enhance levels of circulating
endothelial progenitor cells (EPC). In another embodiment endogenous levels of stem cells are restored or enhanced by administration
of pterostilbene, said endogenous stem cells comprising cells of the dentate gyrus, subventricular zone, hepatic stem cells, cardiac
stem cells, and hematopoietic stem cells. 

On
 March 29, 2017 , the Company filed a patent application titled Stimulation of Immunity to Tumor Stem Cell Specific Proteins
by Peptide Immunization that discloses treatment of cancer is disclosed through administration of proteins or specific peptides
found on tumor stem cells in vivo, in a matter eliciting monocyte or dendritic cell migration in order to allow uptake of said administrated
proteins or peptides, followed by administration of a maturation signal in vivo. The invention provides for treatment of cancer through
induction of anticancer immunity and/or immunity towards tumor initiating stem cells. 

On
 March 29, 2017 , the Company filed a patent application titled Targeting the Tumor Microenvironment through Nutraceutical
Based Immunoadjuvants that disclosed compositions useful for the treatment of cancer which modulate tumor associated immunosuppression,
thus acting as immunoadjuvants. In one embodiment a composition containing apigenin, is provided, said composition useful for inhibition
of tumor associated immune suppression mediated through the molecule indolamine 2,3 deoxygenase (IDO). In another embodiment, liposomal
apigenin is administered as a means of decreasing IDO expression. 

13 

On March
29, 2017 , the Company filed a patent application titled Activated Leukocyte Extract for Repair of Innate Immunity in
Cancer Patients that disclosed are compositions, methods of use, and pharmaceutical preparations useful for modulation of
immune responses. In one embodiment a composition is extracted polyvalently activated peripheral blood mononuclear cells through
dialysis. Said immune modulator is useful for treatment of cancer and alleviation of cancer associated immune depression. In one
embodiment, said immunomodulator acts as a costimulatory of T cell activation by modulation of cytokine production. In one
embodiment said immune modulator is concentrated for miRNA species capable of activating innate immune cells. 

On
 March 29, 2017 , the Company filed a patent application titled Augmentation of Anti-Tumor Immunity by Mifepristone and
Analogues Thereof which relates to compositions of matter and methods useful for improving a treatment outcome and/or an alteration
of immunity in a condition that benefits from immune stimulation. In particular, one embodiment of the invention teaches administration
of sufficient doses of mifepristone or a derivative, alone, or in combination with an immunotherapeutic such as, but not limited to,
an antibody, a vaccine, a cytokine, or a medicament whose therapeutic activity is associated with immune modulation. 

On
 March 29, 2017 , the Company filed a patent application titled Methods of Re-Activating Dormant Memory Cells with Anticancer
Activity that disclosed methods, protocols, and compositions of matter useful for stimulation of anticancer immune responses.
In one embodiment of the invention culture of buffy coat cells is performed in an environment resembling non-physiological conditions.
Buffy coat derived products are subsequently harvested, concentrated, and added to a culture of monocytes and lymphocytes. Conditioned
media from said second culture is subsequently utilized as an injectable solution for stimulation of anticancer immunity. 

On
 March 29, 2017 , the Company filed a patent application titled Modulation of Oral Microbiome for Treatment of Periodontitis 
that disclosed methods, means, and compositions of matter useful for inhibition of, reduction in progression and reversion of periodontitis.
In one embodiment the invention provides prebiotic and/or probiotic compositions which modulation the oral microbiome in order to ameliorate,
prevent or reverse periodontitis. In one embodiment a composition is administered into the oral cavity containing Actinomyces naeslundii,
Actinomyces odontolyticus, Streptococcus thermophilius, Lactobaccilus brevis and Lactobacilius plantarum. Administration may be performed
using various means including a mouthwash, a patch, a toothpaste, or in a preferred embodiment said prebiotic and/or probiotic compositions
are delivered via a mouth tray. 

On
 July 20, 2016 , the Company filed a patent application titled Prevention of Pregnancy Complications by Probiotic Administration 
which disclosed methods, protocols and compositions of matter for the treatment of pregnancy complications through immune modulation
of a mammal in need. In one embodiment the invention provides probiotic compositions for immune modulation to decrease risk of pregnancy
complications. Pregnancy complications include recurrent spontaneous abortions (RSA), preterm birth, pre-eclampsia including hemolysis
elevated liver enzymes low platelets (HELP), premature rupture of the membrane, Antepartum hemorrhage including placental abruption,
chorioamnionitis, Intrauterine growth restriction, placenta pravaevia, sequalae of intraamniotic infection. Published on January 26,
2017. 

On
 July 20, 2016 , the Company filed a patent application titled Exosome Mediated Innate and Adaptive Immune Stimulation
for Treatment of Cancer that teaches means of stimulating innate and/or adaptive immunity to cancer by administration of exosomes.
Stimulation of innate immunity involves modifying exosomes by chemical addition of innate immune stimulators, whereas stimulation of
adaptive immunity involves pulsing dendritic cells generating exosomes with antigens, in some cases, pulsing with Brother of the Regulator
of Imprinted Sites (BORIS) proteins, peptides, or altered peptide ligands thereof. 

On
 July 8, 2015 , the Company filed a patent application titled Augmentation of Oncology Immunotherapies by Pterostilbene
Containing Compositions that disclosed compositions of matter and methods useful to augmentation of immune responses to tumors.
In one embodiment, a pterostilbene containing composition is administered to a cancer patient at a sufficient concentration and frequency
to induce de-repression of tumor targeting immune responses. In one specific embodiment of the present invention, pterostilbene enhances
antibody dependent cellular toxicity (ADCC) and in turn augments efficacy of FDA approved antigen specific immunotherapeutics such as
trastuzumab (Herceptin) and other monoclonal antibody therapies used for treating cancer. 

Issued
and Granted Patents : 

On
 June 20, 2017 , the US Patent and Trademark Office issued and granted U.S. Patent No.: 9,682,047 titled Augmentation
of oncology immunotherapies by pterostilbene containing compositions that discloses compositions and methods useful to enhancing,
improving, or eliciting anti-tumor immune responses are disclosed. A pterostilbene containing composition is administered to a cancer
patient at a sufficient concentration and frequency to induce de-repression of tumor targeting immune responses. The composition enhances
antibody dependent cellular toxicity (ADCC) and augments efficacy of antigen specific immunotherapeutics such as trastuzumab and other
monoclonal antibody therapies useful for treating cancer. 

 See:
 https://patents.justia.com/patent/9682047. 

14 

On January
25, 2022 , the US Patent and Trademark Office issued and granted U.S. Patent No.: 11,229,674 titled
 Nutraceuticals for suppressing indolamine 2,3 deoxygenase which disclosed are compositions of matter,
treatments and protocols useful for reduction of expression and/or activity of indolamine 2,3 deoxygenase (IDO). In some embodiments
the invention teaches the administration of a therapeutic combination of ingredients comprising of pterostilbene, Nigella sativa,
sulforaphane, and epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG) to a mammal at possessing an increased expression and/or activity of said IDO in
which reduction of number and/or activity is desired. In another embodiment, the invention teaches administration of said
therapeutic combination to a mammal infected with viral and/or bacterial infections and/or neoplasia. In some embodiments dosage of
said therapeutic combination is based on inflammatory and/or immunological parameters observed in patients. 

On
 March 08, 2022 , the US Patent and Trademark Office issued and granted U.S. Patent No.: 11,266,707 titled Nutraceuticals
for the prevention, inhibition, and treatment of SARS-CoV-2 and associated COVID-19 that disclosed methods of treating or
preventing complications associated with a SARS-CoV-2 infection, comprising: administration of a combination comprising: a) Green Tea
and/or extract thereof; b) Blueberry and/or extract thereof; c) Nigella sativa and/or extract thereof; and d) broccoli and/or extract
thereof in an amount and frequency sufficient to treat or prevent complications associated with said SARS-CoV-2 infection. 

On
 November 23, 2022 , the US Patent and Trademark Office issued and granted U.S. Patent No.: 11,504,410 titled Neuroprotection
and Neuroregeneration by Pterostilbene and Compositions Thereof with new data demonstrating that the blueberry derived compound
pterostilbene possesses numerous brain protective and potentially brain regenerative activities. The data disclosed by the Company indicates:
a) pterostilbene suppresses inflammatory cytokines TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta and IL-6; b) pterostilbene inhibits death of neurons caused by
inflammatory mediators; c) pterostilbene stimulates production of regenerative factors from cells in the brain such as BDNF, NGF, FGF-1,
and FGF-2; and d) pterostilbene allows/enhances proliferation of endogenous brain stem cells. 

The
data provided here is partial and does not contain all materials submitted for publication and is preliminary until peer review is complete.
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure,
or prevent any disease. 

Chronic
Traumatic Encephalopathy (CTE), and Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) 
Right To Try 

On
December 10, 2018, Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc., announced the signing of an agreement between TSOI and Jadi Cell LLC for
licensing of the Jadi Cell universal donor adult stem cell, as covered in US Patent No.: 9,803,176 B2 for use in Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy
(CTE), and Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI). 

In
addition, on February 9, 2021, we obtained exclusive rights under the same for use of US Patent No.: 9,803,176 B2 in the treatment of
acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and other lung pathologies. The JadiCell was reported in a publication from the University
of Miami following a Phase 1/2 clinical trial, demonstrating intravenous administration of JadiCells, resulted in a significant survival
improvement in COVID-19 patients. The Phase 1/2 double blind, placebo-controlled trial treated 12 advanced COVID-19 patients with 100
million JadiCells intravenously at days 0 and 3, and 12 patients received placebo control. At 28 days 91 of JadiCell treated
patients survived whereas only 42 of patients in the placebo group survived. There were no adverse effects associated with JadiCell
administration. For those treated with the JadiCell under the age of 85 the survival rate was 100 and in those over 85 the survival
rate was 91 making the JadiCell the most effective therapy to date in the entire world to treat ARDS. 

The
JadiCell product, which belongs to the mesenchymal stem cell (MSC) family of cells, is a unique adult stem cell, which produces higher
levels of therapeutic factors compared to other stem cells. The cells have demonstrated safety in animal models and pilot human trials.
The Jadi Cell product is generated from umbilical cords, which are a source of medical waste and available in large quantities at inexpensive
prices. 

Chronic
Traumatic Encephalopathy (CTE) is caused by repetitive concussive/sub-concussive hits to the head sustained over a period of years and
is often found in football players. The condition is characterized by memory loss, impulsive/erratic behavior, impaired judgment, aggression,
depression, and dementia. In many patients with CTE, it is anatomically characterized by brain atrophy, reduced mass of frontal and temporal
cortices, and medial temporal lobe. 

Traumatic
brain injury (TBI) is an insult to the brain, not of a degenerative or congenital nature, but caused by external physical force that
may produce a diminished or altered state of consciousness, which results in an impairment of cognitive abilities or physical functioning. 

CTE
represents a significant unmet medical need which we believe is amenable to stem cell intervention. We are eager to accelerate treatments
and potential cures for debilitating conditions such as CTE and traumatic brain injury and plan to leverage New regulatory pathways such
as the recently approved Right to Try Law to deliver these medicines as soon as possible to patients which currently have
no other options. 

The
JadiCell product because of its advanced stage of development in contrast to other stem cell types, which require years, if not decades
of development before entry into American patients, will allow us we believe to be treating patients within 12 months. Currently means
of isolating, producing, scaling up, and delivery of the cells has all been worked out by Jadi Cell and Collaborators. 

15 

On
December 17, 2020, the Company filed an Investigational New Drug (IND) application seeking permission from the Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) to initiate a Phase I/II clinical trial assessing safety and signals of efficacy for treatment of Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy
(CTE) patients with JadiCells . 

On
August 4th, 2021, the Company announced clearance from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to initiate a Phase III pivotal trial for
registration of the Company s JadiCell universal donor stem cell as a treatment for COVID-19 associated lung failure under IND
# 19757. In previous studies the Company has demonstrated the superior activity of JadiCell to other types of stem cells including bone
marrow, adipose, cord blood, and placenta. Furthermore, the JadiCell was shown to be 100 effective in saving the lives of COVID-19 patients
under the age of 85 in a double-blind placebo controlled clinical trial with patients in the ICU on a ventilator. In patients over the
age of 85 the survival rate was 91 . The Company also recently announced the launching of Phase III for IND # 19757 with Biorasi LLC,
a global, full-service CRO, who will run the clinical trial. 

Schizophrenia/Suicide
Clinical Programs 

On
October 29, 2020, the Company announced publication on the NIH clinical trials website of its newly initiated trial aiming to validate
a blood-based diagnostic for predicting suicide risk and is listed as NCT04606875. 

The
Campbell Score , which is a patent-pending method of quantifying inflammatory-associated biological markers, has previously been
shown in pilot investigator-initiated studies to correlate with propensity for suicide. Based on positive feedback from collaborators,
the Company decided to initiate a formal clinical trial to validate correlations between the Campbell Score and established psychiatric
assessment tools of suicidal propensity. Currently the only means of quantifying predisposition to suicide is based on psychological,
question-based techniques. 

On
December 31, 2020, the Company signed license agreements with Campbell Neurosciences Inc., a partially owned company, for access to the
11 patents filed related to the previous Campbell Neurosciences Division. The patents are: 

Application No.: 63/128759 Immunotherapy for Opioid Addiction 

Application No.: 63/122862 Treatment of Major Depressive Disorder and Suicidal Ideations Through Stimulation of Hippocampal Neurogenesis
Utilizing Plant-Based Approaches 

Application No.: 63/105964 Protection/Regeneration of Neurological Function by Endothelial Protection/Rejuvenation using Stem Cells for
Treatment of Conditions such as Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy and Schizophrenia 

Application No.: 17/030416 Personalized Immunotherapies for Reduction of Brain Inflammation and Suicide Prevention 

Application No.: 63/077723 Immunotherapy of Schizophrenia and Schizophrenia Associated Suicidal Ideation/Suicide 

Application No.: 63/071381 Upregulation of Therapeutic T Regulatory Cells and Suppression of Suicidal Ideations in Response to Inflammation
by Administration of Nutraceutical Compositions Alone or Combined with Minocycline 

Application No.: 63/068388 Methods of Determining Risk of Suicide and/or Suicidal Ideation by Immunological Assessment 

Application No.: 63/061202 Prevention of Neuroinflammation associated Memory Loss Using Nutraceutical Compositions 

Application No.: 63/057315 Neuroprotection and Neuroregeneration by Pterostilbene and Compositions Thereof 

Application Serial No. 63/174291 filed by Licensor and titled as: Amelioration and Treatment of Opioid Addiction. 

Patent Application Serial No. 63/189630 filed by Licensor and titled as: Treatment of Major Depressive Disorder by Low Dose Interleukin-2. 

Additionally,
Campbell Neurosciences Inc. has entered into purchase agreements with Therapeutic Solutions International ensuring a continued supply,
at a discounted rate, of nutraceuticals which are being explored for antiinflammation/suicide prevention activity. 

Treatment
of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Using JadiCell Universal Donor Adult Stem Cells 

On
October 7, 2022, the Company formed Breathe Biologics, Inc. and licensed to them a patent application titled Umbilical Cord Mesenchymal
Stem Cells for Treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease and Lung Degeneration that discloses means of treating lung
degenerative diseases including chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (CODP) using umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells such as JadiCells. 

In
addition, the Company has transferred ownership of the filed investigational drug application titled JadiCell Therapy for COPD 
to determine safety and efficacy of intravenously administered allogeneic JadiCell umbilical cord blood mesenchymal stem cells in patients
with moderate-to-severe COPD. The Primary Endpoint, which is toxicity, will be assessed by number of adverse events (AEs). The Secondary
Endpoint, which is efficacy will be evaluated at baseline and days 30, 60, and 90. 

COPD
is a consistently progressive, ultimately fatal disease for which no treatment exists capable of either reversing or even interrupting
its course. It afflicts more than 5 of the population in many countries, and it accordingly represents the third most frequent cause
of death in the U.S., where it accounts for more than 600 billion in health care costs, morbidity, and mortality. 

16 

COPD
possesses several features making it ideal for stem cell-based interventions: a) the quality of life and lack of progress demands
the ethical exploration of novel approaches. For example, bone marrow stem cells have been used in over a thousand cardiac patients
with some indication of efficacy. Adipose-based stem cell therapies have been successfully used in thousands of race-horses and
companion animals without adverse effects, as well as numerous clinical trials are ongoing and published human data reports no
adverse effects. 

Mesenchymal
Stem Cells (MSCs) are potent immunomodulatory cells that recognize sites of injury, limit effector T cell reactions, and stimulate regulatory
cell populations i.e., T-regs) via growth factors, cytokines, and other mediators. Simultaneously, MSCs also stimulate local
tissue regeneration via paracrine effects inducing angiogenic, anti-fibrotic and remodeling responses. Consequently, MSCs-based therapy
represents a viable treatment option for autoimmune conditions and other inflammatory disorders, yielding beneficial effects in models
of autoimmune Type 1 Diabetes, Systemic Lupus Erythematosus, Autoimmune Encephalomyelitis, Multiple Sclerosis, cardiac insufficiency,
and organ transplantation. MSCs have been reported to inhibit inflammation and fibrosis in the lungs, have shown safety in clinical trials
for ARDS, and have been recently suggested as useful to treat patients with severe COVID-19 based on their effects preventing or attenuating
the immunopathogenic cytokine storm. 

Unfortunately,
evaluation of stem cell therapy in COPD has lagged behind other areas of regenerative investigation; b) the underlying cause of COPD
appears to be inflammatory and/or immunologically mediated. The destruction of alveolar tissue is associated with T cell reactivity,
pathological pulmonary macrophage activation, and auto-antibody production. Mesenchymal stem cells have been demonstrated to potently
suppress autoreactive T cells, inhibit macrophage activation, and autoantibody responses. Additionally, mesenchymal stem cells can be
purified in high concentrations from adipose stromal vascular tissue together with high concentrations of T regulatory cells, which in
animal models are approximately 100 times more potent than peripheral T cells at secreting cytokines therapeutic for COPD such as IL-10.
Additionally, use of adipose derived cells has yielded promising clinical results in autoimmune conditions such as multiple sclerosis;
and c) Pulmonary stem cells capable of regenerating damaged parenchymal tissue have been reported. Administration of mesenchymal stem
cells into neonatal oxygen-damaged lungs, which results in COPD-like alveoli dysplasia, has been demonstrated to yield improvements in
two recent publications. 

Based
on the above rationale for stem cell-based COPD treatments, we are proposing a 10 patient Phase I safety trial to assess ability of JadiCell,
a type of umbilical cord derived stem cells to improve objective and quality of life parameters in patients with moderate to severe COPD. 

MSCs
can be derived in large number from the Umbilical Cord (UC). JadiCells are a type of UC-MSCs, which can be utilized in the allogeneic
setting and have demonstrated safety and efficacy in clinical trials for a number of disease conditions including inflammatory and immune-based
diseases. UC-MSCs have been shown to inhibit inflammation and fibrosis in the lungs. 

JadiCell
UC-MSCs have been utilized to treat patients with severe COVID-19 and have yielded promising results, preventing, or attenuating the
cytokine storm. JadiCells have been recently introduced intravenously in patients with a neurodegenerative disorder and have been approved
for testing in patients with Type 1 Diabetes (T1D). We hypothesize that JadiCells will exert beneficial therapeutic effects in COPD. 

Breast
Cancer Immunotherapy 

Recently
the Company announced the formation of a Spin-Off Company, Res Nova Bio, Inc., dedicated to the development of cancer inhibiting anti-angiogenesis
immunotherapies. Res Nova Bio has licensed from Therapeutic Solutions International intellectual property covering StemVacs-V which is
our iPSC derived platform technology announced in May of 2021. The technology utilizes pluripotent stem cells called iPSCs in order to
generate new cells which resemble tumor blood vessels that are made to act as a therapeutic vaccine . Specifically, the
administration of StemVacs-V stimulates the immune system to selectively kill blood vessels that feed the tumor but not healthy blood
vessels. It is believed that for every 1 tumor blood vessel cell that is killed, 200-300 tumor cells are also killed as a result. 

In
addition to the license, the Company has transferred ownership of the IND titled Treatment of Metastatic Breast Cancer
by StemVacs-V Cancer Immunotherapeutic to Res Nova Bio with the primary objective being safety and feasibility of StemVacs-V administration
at 12 months as assessed by lack of adverse medical events. The secondary objective is efficacy as judged by tumor response, time to
progression, and immunological monitoring. 

Cellular
Manufacturing and Cell Banking 

On
October 18, 2021, the Company announced the formation of Allogen Biologics Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary of TSOI. Allogen Biologics
will house intellectual property and Standard Operating Procedures related to generation of the Company s existing and anticipated
cellular therapeutics. In addition, Allogen will house and maintain all relevant cell banks. 

On
May 10, 2022, Allogen Biologic, Inc, and Therapeutic Solutions International Inc, entered into an Exclusive Patent License Agreement
(EPLA) for Patent Application Serial No. 63/254,469, filed by Licensor and titled as: Umbilical Cord Derived Regenerative and Immune
Modulatory Stem Cell Populations. 

17 

GOVERNMENT
REGULATION 

The
Company s business is subject to varying degrees of regulation by a number of government authorities in the United States, including
the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), and the Consumer Product Safety Commission.
The Company will be subject to additional agencies and regulations if it enters the manufacturing business. Various agencies of the state
and localities in which we operate and in which our products are sold also regulate our business, such as the California Department of
Health Services, Food and Drug Branch. The areas of our business that these and other authorities regulate include, among others: 

product
 claims and advertising; 
 
 product
 labels; 
 
 product
 ingredients; and 
 
 how
 we package, distribute, import, export, sell and store our products. 

The
FDA, in particular, regulates the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, storage, labeling, promotion, distribution and sale of vitamins
and other nutritional supplements in the United States, while the FTC regulates marketing and advertising claims. The FDA issued a final
rule called Statements Made for Dietary Supplements Concerning the Effect of the Product on the Structure or Function of the Body, 
which includes regulations requiring companies, their suppliers and manufacturers to meet Good Manufacturing Practices in the preparation,
packaging, storage and shipment of their products. Management is committed to meeting or exceeding the standards set by the FDA. 

The
FDA has also issued regulations governing the labeling and marketing of dietary and nutritional supplement products. They include: 

the
 identification of dietary or nutritional supplements and their nutrition and ingredient labeling; 
 
 requirements
 related to the wording used for claims about nutrients, health claims, and statements of
 nutritional support; 
 
 labeling
 requirements for dietary or nutritional supplements for which high potency 
 and antioxidant claims are made; 
 
 notification
 procedures for statements on dietary and nutritional supplements; and 
 
 pre-market
 notification procedures for new dietary ingredients in nutritional supplements. 

The
Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 (DSHEA) revised the existing provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act
concerning the composition and labeling of dietary supplements and defined dietary supplements to include vitamins, minerals, herbs,
amino acids and other dietary substances used to supplement diets. DSHEA generally provides a regulatory framework to help ensure safe,
quality dietary supplements and the dissemination of accurate information about such products. The FDA is generally prohibited from regulating
active ingredients in dietary supplements as drugs unless product claims, such as claims that a product may heal, mitigate, cure or prevent
an illness, disease or malady, trigger drug status. 

The
Company is also subject to a variety of other regulations in the United States, including those relating to taxes, labor and employment,
import and export, and intellectual property. 

EMPLOYEES 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had three full-time employees, all non-union. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. 

COMPETITION 

The
bio-technology, bio-pharma, and nutraceutical industries are subject to rapid technological change. Competition from domestic and foreign
companies, large pharmaceutical companies and other interested businesses is intense and expected to increase. A number of companies
with significantly greater resources are pursuing the development of pharmaceuticals, biologics, and nutraceuticals in our targeted areas. 

18 

ITEM 1A RISK
 FACTORS 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide a statement of risk factors. However, we believe this information may be valuable
to our shareholders for this filing. We reserve the right to not provide risk factors in our future filings. Our primary risk factors
and other considerations include: 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements concerning our future programs, expenses, revenue, liquidity and cash
needs as well as our plans and strategies. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and we assume no obligation
to update this information, except as required by applicable laws and regulations. Numerous factors could cause actual results to differ
significantly from the results described in these forward-looking statements, including the following risk factors. 

Internal
Control 

Our
management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective. Material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and could lead to misinformation being disseminated to
the public. 

Our
management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective, and that material
weaknesses existed in the following areas as of December 31, 2022: 

(1) we
 do not employ full time in-house personnel with the technical knowledge to identify and address
 some of the reporting issues surrounding certain complex or non-routine transactions. With
 respect to material, complex and non-routine transactions, management has and will continue
 to seek guidance from third-party experts and/or consultants to gain a thorough understanding
 of these transactions; 

(2) we
 have inadequate segregation of duties consistent with the control objectives including but
 not limited to the disbursement process, transaction or account changes, and the performance
 of account reconciliations and approval; and 

(3) we
 have ineffective controls over the period end financial disclosure and reporting process
 caused by reliance on third-party experts and/or consultants and insufficient accounting
 staff. 

Based
on our current plan, we believe we will need additional capital to support our operations. 

Based
on our current business plan, we believe that our cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 will not be sufficient to meet our anticipated
cash requirements during the twelve-month period subsequent to the issuance of the financial statements included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Our current commercialization of products and clinical trial strategy will undergo continual prioritization and in the
future we may adjust our commercialization efforts to preserve our existing cash. We need to raise additional capital to fund our operations.
We may raise additional capital through equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and/or licensing arrangements. Additional funds
may not be available when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be
required to delay, reduce the scope of, or curtail, our operations. To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities,
our shareholders will experience dilution, and debt financing or other preferred equity instruments, if available, may involve restrictive
covenants. 

There
is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
recurring losses from operations raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, and as a result, our independent
registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in its report on our financial statements as of and for the year
ended December 31, 2022 with respect to this uncertainty. This going concern uncertainty, and any future going concern uncertainty, could
materially limit our ability to raise additional capital. We have incurred significant losses since our inception, and it is possible
we will never achieve future profitability. As a result, we continue to incur significant general and administrative expenses related
to our operations. As a result, we have incurred substantial net losses to date. Our net losses for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 were 3.3 million and 3 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 17.2 million. The
perception that we may not be able to continue as a going concern may cause potential partners or investors to choose not to deal with
us due to concerns about our ability to meet our contractual and financial obligations. 

We
may not be able to effectively manage our potential growth and the execution of our business plan. 

Our
potential growth and the execution of our business plan together are likely to place significant strain on our managerial, operational
and financial resources. To effectively manage our potential growth and execute our business plan, we will need to, among other things: 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to accomplish any or all of the above goals. If we prove unable to effectively execute our business
plan or manage our growth, it is likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, including liquidity and
profitability, and our results of operations. 

19 

If
our proposed product sales model does not successfully operate at a profit our growth strategy may be impeded. 

To
effectively expand and meet our growth objectives our products sales model must be executed upon in a profitable manner.
Profitability is dependent upon a variety of factors, some beyond our control, including, but not limited to the amount of traffic
we can consistently attract to our brand, to retail sales in brick and mortar retailers, to our website, and our
ability to stock or otherwise make available products that our customers purchase, our ability to stock or otherwise make available
the best new products as they enter the market, our ability to provide consistent and superior customer service, the general
economic conditions, particularly in the U.S., that could impact the amount of money customers spend collectively on the products we
sell, and/or that could reduce the amount of money our average customer spends, and/or could reduce the number or frequency of
repeat orders for products, and/or could result in customers finding products in other venues if they can find those products for a
lower price. Other factors that could impact our ability to execute on our business model in a profitable manner include, but are
not limited to, competition in our markets, recruiting, training and retaining qualified personnel and management, maintenance of
required local, state and federal governmental approvals and permits, costs associated with principal component products and
supplies, delivery shortages or interruptions, consumer trends, our ability to finance operations externally, changes in supply or
prices of the products we sell and disruptions or business failures among our product suppliers, distributors, warehouses or
shippers. Any failure to operate in a profitable manner could hurt our ability to meet our growth objectives by attracting
licensees, and our business, financial condition, including liquidity and profitability, and our results of operations would be
negatively affected. 

We
face significant competition for our products. 

The
markets in which we operate are intensely competitive, continually evolving and, in some cases, subject to rapid change. Our competitors
include: 

traditional
 and well established companies with recognized and well patronized brands in the nutritional
 supplements and health products industry segment; 
 
 entrenched
 nutritional supplements and health products companies with well known customer on-line services
 and portals and other high-traffic web sites that provide sales access to healthcare and
 nutritional supplements and related products; and 
 
 companies
 that focus on providing on-line and/or off-line healthcare related content, including some
 that promote competitor brands. 
 
 retain
 additional personnel across several departments in the Company; 
 
 develop
 strong customer loyalty for new products in a crowded competitive marketplace; 
 
 continue
 to establish and continue to increase awareness of our brands; 
 
 price
 our products and services at points which will allow us to maximize sales while at the same
 time maximizing gross profit margins; 
 
 establish,
 maintain, expand and manage multiple relationships with various vendors, strategic partners,
 licensees and other third parties, including suppliers of the products we sell on our website
 and elsewhere, warehousing distributors, shipping companies and others; 
 
 rapidly
 respond to competitive developments, particularly when new high-demand products become available; 
 
 build
 an operations structure to support our business and provide efficient and effective customer
 service and support; 
 
 expand
 our IT infrastructure to respond to increasing customer traffic to our website, demand for
 content from site users and to manage growing e-commerce transactions; 
 
 establish
 and maintain effective financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures; 
 
 control
 our expenses; 
 
 provide
 competitive employee salaries and benefit packages; and, 
 
 avoid
 lawsuits and other adverse claims. 

Many of our competitors have greater financial, technical, product development, marketing and other resources than we do. These companies
may be better known than we are and have more customers than we do. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to compete successfully
against these companies or any alliances they have formed or may form. If we are unable to compete with one or more of our competitors,
our growth strategy may be impeded, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, including liquidity and profitability,
and our results of operations. 

Government
regulation could adversely affect our business. 

Our
products and their associated component ingredients are subject to existing and potential government regulation. Our failure, or the
failure of our business partners or third party providers, to accurately anticipate the application of laws and regulations affecting
our products and the manner in which we deliver them, or any failure to comply, could create liability for us, result in adverse publicity,
or negatively affect our business. In addition, new laws and regulations, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, may
be adopted with respect to consumer protection and other issues, including pricing, products liability, copyrights and patents, distribution
and characteristics and quality of products and services. We cannot predict whether these laws or regulations will change or how such
changes will affect our business. Any of this government regulation could impact our growth strategy, which could negatively affect our
business, financial condition, including liquidity and profitability, and our results of operations. 

20 

Third
parties may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expense
or be prevented from providing certain services, and which may otherwise harm our business. 

We
could be subject to claims that we are misappropriating or infringing intellectual property, trade secrets or other proprietary
rights of others. These claims, even if not meritorious, could be expensive to defend and divert management s attention from
our operations. If we become liable to third parties for infringing these rights, we could be required to pay substantial damage
awards and to develop non-infringing products, obtain a license or cease selling the products that use or contain the infringing
intellectual property. We may be unable to develop non-infringing products or obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms, or
at all. Any claims against our company for infringement could impede our growth strategy, which could negatively affect our
business, financial condition, including liquidity and profitability, and our results of operations. 

We
may be subject to claims brought against us as a result of product associated content we provide. 

Consumers
are reasonably expected to access health-related information regarding our products through our on-line web site. If our content, or
content we obtain from third parties, contains inaccuracies, it is possible that consumers or others may sue us for various causes of
action. Although our planned web site contains terms and conditions, including disclaimers of liability, that are intended to reduce
or eliminate our liability, the law governing the validity and enforceability of on-line agreements with consumers that provide the terms
and conditions for use of our public or private portals are unenforceable. A finding by a court that these agreements are invalid and
that we are subject to liability could harm our business and require costly changes to our business. We have planned editorial procedures
in place to provide quality control of the information that we publish or provide. However, we cannot assure you that our editorial and
other quality control procedures will be sufficient to ensure that there are no errors or omissions in particular content. Even if potential
claims do not result in liability to us, the fact that we would need to investigate and defend against these claims could be expensive
and time consuming and could divert management s attention away from our operations. In addition, our business is in part based
on establishing a reputation amongst consumers that our portals as trustworthy and dependable sources of healthcare information. Allegations
of impropriety or inaccuracy, even if unfounded, could therefore harm our reputation and business, which could negatively affect our
business, financial condition, including liquidity and profitability, and our results of operations. 

Changes
in commodity and other operating costs or supply chain and business disruptions could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Changes
in product costs are a part of our business; any increase in the prices that suppliers charge for their products could adversely affect
our operating results. We remain susceptible to increases in prices as a result of factors beyond our control, such as general economic
conditions, seasonal fluctuations, weather conditions, demand, safety concerns, product recalls, labor disputes and government regulations.
We rely on third-party distribution companies to deliver ingredients to our manufacturers and ultimately our products to customers. Interruption
of distribution services due to financial distress or other issues could adversely affect our operations. 

We
face substantial competition in attracting and retaining qualified senior management and key personnel and may be unable to develop and
grow our business if we cannot attract and retain such senior management and key personnel. 

As
an early stage company, our ability to develop and grow our business, to a large extent, depends upon our ability to attract, hire and
retain highly qualified and knowledgeable senior management and key personnel who possess the skills and experience necessary to satisfy
our business needs. Our ability to attract and retain such senior management and key personnel will depend on numerous factors, including
our ability to offer salaries, benefits and professional growth opportunities that are comparable with and competitive to those offered
by more established companies operating in our marketplace. We may be required to invest significant time and resources in attracting
and retaining additional senior management and key personnel as needed. Moreover, many of the companies with which we will compete for
any such individuals have greater financial and other resources, affording them the ability to undertake more extensive and aggressive
hiring campaigns, than we can. The normal running of our operations may be interrupted, and our financial condition and results of operations
negatively affected, as a result of any inability on our part to attract or retain the services of qualified and experienced senior management
and key personnel, or should our prospective key personnel refuse to serve, or, once appointed, leave prior to a suitable replacement
being found. 

COVID-19 

On
January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern 
and on March 10, 2020, declared it to be a pandemic. Actions taken around the world to help mitigate the spread of the COVID-19 include
restrictions on travel, quarantines in certain areas, and forced closures for certain types of public places and businesses. COVID-19,
and actions taken to mitigate it, have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets
of many countries, including the geographical area in which the Company operates. While it is unknown how long these conditions will
last and what the complete financial effect will be to the Company, COVID-19 has had an adverse effect on our business, including our
supply chains and distribution systems. While we are taking diligent steps to mitigate disruptions to our supply chain, we are unable
to predict the extent or nature of these impacts, at this time, to our future financial condition and results of operations. 

21 

Risks
Associated With Our Restricted Securities 

Because
there is currently a limited public trading market for our common stock, investor may not be able to resell stock . 

Our
stock is now traded in OTC Markets under the stock symbol TSOI, which results in a very illiquid and limited market for our common stock. 

There
is currently no liquid trading market for our common stock and we cannot ensure that one will ever develop or be sustained. 

The
trading market for our common stock is currently not liquid. We cannot predict how liquid the market for our common stock might become.
Our common stock is quoted in OTC Markets under the symbol TSOI. 

Our
common stock may be deemed a penny stock , which would make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares. 

Our
common stock is subject to the penny stock rules adopted under the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules apply to companies
whose common stock is not listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market or other national securities exchange and trades at less than 4.00 per share,
other than companies that have had average revenue of at least 6,000,000 for the last three years or that have tangible net worth of
at least 5,000,000 2,000,000 if the company has been operating for three or more years). These rules require, among other things,
that brokers who trade penny stock to persons other than established customers complete certain documentation, make suitability
inquiries of investors and provide investors with certain information concerning trading in the security, including a risk disclosure
document and quote information under certain circumstances. Many brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks because of the requirements
of the penny stock rules and, as a result, the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited.
If we remain subject to the penny stock rules for any significant period, it could have an adverse effect on the market, if any, for
our securities and investors may find it more difficult to dispose of our securities. 

Offers
or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

If
our stockholders have the right to sell substantial amounts of common stock in the public market, e.g. upon the expiration of any statutory
holding period under Rule 144, it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an overhang and in anticipation of
which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring,
also could make our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future, at a
time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate, more difficult. 

The
elimination of monetary liability against our directors and officers under the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Nevada law,
and the existence of indemnification rights to our directors, officers and employees, may result in substantial expenditures by the Company. 

Article
6 of our Articles of Incorporation exculpates our directors and officers from certain monetary liabilities. Article 7 of our Articles
of Incorporation provides that we shall indemnify all directors (and all persons serving at our request as a director or officer of another
corporation) to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. 

Further
pursuant to Article 7, the expenses of the indemnified person incurred in defending a civil suit or proceeding must be paid by us as
incurred and in advance of the final disposition of the action, suit, or proceeding under receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of
the indemnified person to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that he or she is not
entitled to be indemnified by us. 

The
foregoing indemnification obligations could result in us incurring substantial expenditures, which we may be unable to recoup. These
provisions and resultant costs may also discourage us from bringing a lawsuit against directors and officers for breaches of their fiduciary
duties even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. 

Public
company compliance may make it more difficult to attract and retain officers and directors. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules implemented by the SEC have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies.
As a public entity, these rules and regulations increase compliance costs and make certain activities more time consuming and costly.
As a public entity, these rules and regulations also make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability
insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract
and retain qualified persons to serve as directors or as executive officers. 

22 

We
do not plan to pay any cash or stock dividends in the foreseeable future. 

The
payment of dividends upon our capital stock is solely within the discretion of our future board of directors and is dependent upon
our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in our future financing instruments and
any other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. We have never declared or paid any cash or stock dividends on our
capital stock and we currently anticipate that we will retain earnings, if any, to finance the development and expansion of our
business and, as such, do not intend on paying any cash or stock dividends in the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

As
a Smaller Reporting Company, we are not required to furnish information under this Item 1B. 

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES. 

On
December 17, 2020, Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. Board of Directors made a decision to move our corporate headquarters to
Elk City, Idaho 83525 and has purchased real property at 701 Wild Rose Lane and 50 Bullock Lane, Elk City Idaho 83525. The Company continues
to maintain a satellite office at the current address of 4093 Oceanside Blvd., Suite B, Oceanside CA, 92056. 

ITEM 3 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS. 

From
time to time, claims are made against us in the ordinary course of business, which could result in litigation. Claims and associated
litigation are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable outcomes could occur, such as monetary damages, fines, penalties or
injunctions prohibiting us from selling one or more products or engaging in other activities. The occurrence of an unfavorable outcome
in any specific period could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for that period or future periods. 

However,
as of the date of this report, management believes the outcome of currently identified potential claims and lawsuits will not have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

No
disclosure required. 

PART
II 

ITEM 5 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF
 EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our
stock is now traded in OTC Markets under the stock symbol TSOI, which results in a very illiquid and limited market for our common stock.
As of the date of Annual Report on Form 10-K there are approximately 208 stockholders of record of our common stock. 

The
following table sets forth the quarterly high and low closing sales prices for our common stock from January 1, 2021 through December
31, 2022. 

Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 0.0063 
 0.0055 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 0.014 
 0.0121 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.022 
 0.0199 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 0.0257 
 0.0241 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 0.0319 
 0.0273 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.052 
 0.05 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.044 
 0.04 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 0.0015 
 0.0013 

Dividends 

We
did not declare or pay dividends during 2021 to 2022. 

23 

Issuances
of Unregistered Securities 

In
2021, we issued 4,850,075 shares of common stock for an investment in the Company s Private Placement of 285,500. 

In
2021, we issued 21,000,000 shares of common stock, valued at 858,900 for consulting services. 

In
2021, we issued 8,341,723 shares of common stock, valued at 239,799 for salaries. 

In
2021, we issued 1,500,000 shares of common stock, valued at 58,900 for land development. 

In
2021, we issued 21,690,671 shares of common stock for the conversion of convertible notes of 1,019,014. 

In
2022, we issued 44,500,000 shares of common stock for an investment in the Company s Private Placement of 445,000. 

In
2022, we issued 28,302,577 shares of common stock, valued at 537,778 for consulting services. 

In
2022, we issued 4,812,259 shares of common stock, valued at 67,399 for salaries. 

In
2022, we issued 4,110,000 shares of common stock, valued at 51,742 for land development. 

In
2022, we issued 149,402,390 shares of common stock, valued at 3,107,570 for an license. 

In
2022, we issued 64,139,744 shares of common stock for the conversion of convertible notes of 1,313,772. 

ITEM 6 SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA. 

Not
required for a smaller reporting company . 

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto appearing
elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Overview 

Currently
the Company is focused on immune modulation for the treatment of several specific diseases. Immune modulation refers to the ability to
upregulate (make more active) or downregulate (make less active) one s immune system. 

Activating
one s immune system is now an accepted method to treat certain cancers, reduce recovery time from viral or bacterial infections
and to prevent illness. Additionally, inhibiting one s immune system is vital for reducing inflammation, autoimmune disorders and
allergic reactions. 

TSOI
is developing a range of immune-modulatory agents to target certain cancers, schizophrenia, suicidal ideation, traumatic brain injury,
and for daily health. 

Nutraceutical
Division . TSOI has been producing high quality nutraceuticals. Its current flagship product, QuadraMune , is a multi-patented
synergistic blend of pterostilbene, sulforaphane, epigallocatechingallate, and thymoquinone. QuadraMune has been shown to increase Natural
Killer Cell activity and healthy Cytokine production. Our synergistic blend of ingredients helps the immune system fight off common and
complex ailments and promote healthy T Cell activity. Recently the Company was approved to sell certain nutraceuticals on the Amazon
Platform. 

Cellular
Division . SOI recently obtained exclusive rights to a patented adult stem cell for development of therapeutics in the area of chronic
traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), traumatic brain injury (TBI), and lung pathology. 

The
stem cell licensed, termed JadiCell is unique in that it possesses features of mesenchymal stem cells, however, outperforms
these cells in terms of a) enhanced growth factor production; b) augmented ability to secrete exosomes; and c) superior angiogenic and
neurogenic ability. 

24 

Chronic
Traumatic Encephalopathy (CTE) is caused by repetitive concussive/sub-concussive hits to the head sustained over a period of years and
is often found in football players. The condition is characterized by memory loss, impulsive/erratic behavior, impaired judgment, aggression,
depression, and dementia. In many patients with CTE, it is anatomically characterized by brain atrophy, reduced mass of frontal and temporal
cortices, and medial temporal lobe. TSOI has previously filed several patents in the area of CTE based on modulating the brain microenvironment
to enhance receptivity of regenerative cells such as stem cells. On March 4, 2021, the Company received an IND Serial # 27377 for a clinical
trial of 10 patients with CTE. 

On
August 4th, 2021, the Company announced clearance from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to initiate a Phase III pivotal trial
for registration of the Company s JadiCell universal donor stem cell as a treatment for COVID-19 associated lung
failure under IND # 19757. In previous studies the Company has demonstrated the superior activity of JadiCell to other types
of stem cells including bone marrow, adipose, cord blood, and placenta. Furthermore, the JadiCell was shown to be 100 
effective in saving the lives of COVID-19 patients under the age of 85 in a double-blind placebo controlled clinical trial with
patients in the ICU on a ventilator. In patients over the age of 85 the survival rate was 91 . 

In
addition, the Company has filed data with the FDA, as part of IND #17448, which demonstrated that treatment of cancer patients with StemVacs 
resulted in enhanced activity of a type of immunological cell called natural killer cells, otherwise known as NK
cells. 

The
Company has also developed an allogenic version of StemVacs and has filed patents to cover activating universal donor immune system cells
called dendritic cells in a manner so that upon injection they reprogram the body s NK cells. 

Most
recently the Company announced filing of a patent for a new hybrid cell created by the Company capable of training the immune system
to kill blood vessels feeding cancer but sparing healthy blood vessels. These discoveries are an extension of previous findings from
the Company showing that StemVacs is capable of suppressing new blood vessel production. 

On
May 9, 2022, the Company filed an Investigational New Drug Application for Treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)
Using JadiCell Universal Donor Adult Stem Cells under IND Serial # 28508. 

Results
of Operations 

We
had a net loss of approximately 3.2 million in 2022 compared to a net loss of approximately 3 million in 2021. 

Net
sales increased 60,811 from 145,956 to 206,767, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. This increase was mainly
due to an increase in sales of the Company s nutraceutical line of products. 

Cost
of goods sold increased 36,896, from 42,544 to 79,440, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. This increase
was mainly due to higher net sales of the Company s new nutraceutical line of products in 2022 vs 2021. 

Operating
expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 3.2million and 2.5 million, respectively, an increase of
 700,000. This increase was mainly due a combination of increased general and administrative expenses, an increase in consulting fees,
an increase in legal and accounting fees, and an increase in research and development. 

General
and administrative expenses increased approximately 355,000, from 139,000 to 494,000, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022,
respectively. This increase was mainly due to an icrease in amortization, marketing and travel during the year. 

Salaries,
wages and related expenses increased approximately 8,000, from 437,000 to 445,000, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022,
respectively. This increase was mainly due to an increase in salaries. 

Consulting
fees increased approximately 150,000 from 265,000 to 414,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively, due to
an increase in overall consulting services during 2022. 

Legal
and professional fees decreased approximately 388,000, from 773,000 to 385,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively,
due to a decrease in overall patent and general counsel services. 

Research
and development costs increased approximately 696,000 from 795,000 to 1,441,000, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively.
This increase was mainly due to research and development expenses related to the Company s nutraceutical line of products. 

Total
loss from derivatives liabilities decreased approximately 405,000 from 539,000 to 134,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and
2022, respectively. This decrease was due to a derivative liability expense from certain convertible notes in 2022 compared to 2021. 

Net
interest expense increased approximately 34,000 from 612,000 to 646,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively.
This increase was mainly due to increased debt balances. 

25 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
have experienced recurring losses over the past years which have resulted in accumulated deficits of approximately 17.3 million and
a working capital deficit of approximately 1.9 million at December 31, 2022. These conditions raise significant doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon its ability to
secure additional financing, increase sales of its products and attain profitable operations. It is the intent of management to continue
to raise additional capital. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to secure such additional funds or obtain
such on terms satisfactory to the Company, if at all. 

There
is no guarantee we will receive the required financing to complete our business strategies, and it is uncertain whether future financing
will be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop
or expand our operations. 

As
of December 31, 2022 we had approximately 28,000 in cash and cash equivalents, representing a decrease in cash and cash equivalents
of approximately 66,000 from December 31, 2021. Sources of cash were predominantly from the sale of equity and debt. We anticipate that
our current sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, together with our current projections of cash flow from operating
activities, will provide us with liquidity into the end of 2023. 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities 

Our
cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash outflows to support the growth of our business in areas such
as R D and G A expenses. Our operating cash flows are also affected by our working capital needs to support personnel related
expenditures, accounts payable and other current assets and liabilities. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,018,304, which was primarily the result of our net loss incurred
of 3,677,812, partially offset by increases in the various accounts payable and accrued liability accounts totaling 174,826 and non-cash
expenses including stock-based compensation of 537,778, change in value on derivative liabilities of 291,123, amortization of debt
discount of 593,463 and amortization and depreciation of 244,631. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 718,922, which was primarily the result of our net loss incurred
of 2,961,445, partially offset by increases in the various accounts payable and accrued liability accounts totaling 283,117 and non-cash
expenses including stock-based compensation of 858,900, change in fair value of derivative liabilities of a gain of 44,505, and amortization
of debt discount of 541,612. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used by investing activities was 0, compared to 256,550 during the year ended December 31,
2021. The decrease of approximately 257,000 in net cash used by investing activities is mainly attributable to an decrease of 257,000
in investment in land and equipment. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 943,088, compared to 817,382 during the year ended
December 31, 2021. The increase of approximately 126,000 in net cash provided by financing activities is mainly attributable to an increase
of 160,000 in cash received from the sale of common stock. Other cash flows provided by financing activities during the year ended December
31, 2022 included proceeds from convertible notes payable to related and third parties totaling 505,000 offset by payments on notes
payable to related parties and third parties of 6,900. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements . 

We
currently do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
required for a smaller reporting company . 

ITEM 8 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Our
financial statements and the accompanying notes that are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed and set forth beginning
on page F-1 immediately following the signature page of this Form 10-K. 

26 

ITEM 9 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed , summarized and reported , within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

At
the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, an evaluation was carried
out under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO ),
of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15I and Rule 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation the CEO has concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report,
our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a- 15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or
under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by a company s
board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and
includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the company; 

Provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and 

Provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control
systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the
Company have been detected. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Our
management, including the Chief Executive Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022. In making our assessment, we used the framework and criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission( COSO (2013) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on that assessment,
our management has identified certain material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

(1) Our
 management concluded that as of December 31, 2022 our internal control over financial reporting
 was not effective, and that material weaknesses existed in the following areas as of December
 31, 2022) we do not employ full time in-house personnel with the technical knowledge
 to identify and address some of the reporting issues surrounding certain complex or non-routine
 transactions. With respect to material, complex and non-routine transactions, management
 has and will continue to seek guidance from third-party experts and/or consultants to gain
 a thorough understanding of these transactions; 

27 

(2) we
 have inadequate segregation of duties consistent with the control objectives including but
 not limited to the disbursement process, transaction or account changes, and the performance
 of account reconciliations and approval ; 

(3) we
 have ineffective controls over the period end financial disclosure and reporting process
 caused by reliance on third-party experts and/or consultants and insufficient accounting
 staff. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

No
substantial changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during 2022 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, except that we have increased our use of
external accounting services, adopted policies to improve timely reviews by management and coordination with accounting consultants,
and engaged corporate and securities legal counsel with better capabilities than our previous provi er s. 

ITEM 9B OTHER
 INFORMATION. 

None 

 PART
III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The
Company s executive officers and directors and their respective ages as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Directors: 

Name
 of Director 
 
 Age 
 
 Timothy
 G. Dixon 
 
 64 
 
 Dr.
 Thomas E. Ichim 
 
 47 

Executive
Officers: 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Age 
 
 Executive Officers : 

Timothy G. Dixon 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 64 
 
 Famela Ramos 
 
 Vice President 
 
 46 
 
 James Veltmeyer, MD 
 
 Chief Medical Officer 
 
 57 
 
 Feng Lin, MD, PhD 
 
 Chief Scientific Officer 
 
 52 

The
term of office for each director is one year, or until the next annual meeting of the stockholders. 

Biographical
Information 

Timothy
G. Dixon 

Mr.
Dixon currently serves as Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chairman of Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. Mr. Dixon previously
served as the President of TMD Courses, Inc. from 2006 to 2012 and; as the President of Splint Decisions Inc. from 2010 to 2011. Mr.
Dixon has attended hundreds of hours of continuing medical/dental education throughout the years and has produced many educational DVD s
used by dental professionals worldwide on the subject of parafunctional control, migraine prevention, therapeutic Botox injections, migraine
pathophysiology, dental sleep medicine, and other therapeutic protocols. Mr. Dixon also has extensive experience in dealing with corporate
compliance matters with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, (FDA) as well as many international regulatory bodies. Mr. Dixon is inventor
or co-inventor on 72 Patents and Patent Applications. 

Thomas
E. Ichim, Ph.D. 

Dr.
Ichim was appointed to the Board of Directors on January 22, 2016. Dr. Ichim also serves as Chief Executive Officer of Emvolio, Inc.
Dr. Ichim is a seasoned biotechnology entrepreneur with a track record of scientific excellence. He has founded/co-founded several companies
including Batu Biologics, Inc., Medvax Pharma Corp, ToleroTech, Inc, bioRASI, and OncoMune LLC. To date he has published 125 peer-reviewed
articles and is co-editor of the textbooks RNA Interference: From Bench to Clinical Translation and Immuno-Oncology
Text Book. 

28 

Dr.
Ichim is an ad-hoc editor and sits on several editorial boards. Dr. Ichim is inventor on over 150 patents and patent applications. Dr.
Ichim has extensive experience with stem cell therapy and cellular product development through FDA regulatory pathways. Dr. Ichim spent
over 7 years as the President and Chief Scientific Officer of Medistem, developing and commercializing a novel stem cell, the Endometrial
Regenerative Cell, through drug discovery, optimization, preclinical testing, IND filing, and up through Phase II clinical trials with
the FDA. Dr. Ichim has extensive experience in product development, regulatory filings, and business development. 

Dr.
Ichim has a BSc in Biology from the University of Waterloo, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, a MSc in Microbiology and Immunology a University
of Western Ontario, London, Ontario, Canada and a Ph.D. in Immunology from the University of Sciences Arts and Technology, Olveston Monserrat. 

James
Veltmeyer, M.D., Chief Medical Officer 

Dr.
Veltmeyer is a board-certified family physician in La Mesa, California. A graduate of UC San Diego and the Ross University School of
Medicine, he completed his residency through the UC San Francisco system where he became Chief of Family Medicine Residency, overseeing
36 doctors. 

Dr.
Veltmeyer, a member of the San Diego Critical Care Medical Group, has been elected for four years (2012, 2014, 2016, and 2017) by his
colleagues in the San Diego County Medical Society as a Physician of Exceptional Excellence, the most prestigious honor
awarded to a Top Doctor in San Diego County. He is among a select group of San Diego physicians who was chosen four of
the last fifteen years and he consistently ranks in the top 1 to 2 for patient satisfaction. He is currently the Chief of the Department
of Family Medicine at Sharp Grossmont Hospital where he provides senior leadership to over 200 doctors. 

Feng
Lin, MD, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer 

Dr.
Lin has a stellar track record of drug development in the area of immunology innumo-oncology having worked with the public company
Inovio Pharmaceuticals, where he developed technologies for gene delivery and therapeutic DNA vaccines against cancer and infectious
diseases in both R D and clinical settings. Subsequently, Dr. Lin served as Director of Chinese Operations for MediStem Inc, which
was acquired by Intrexon in May 2014. It was the rapid clinical translation model developed by Dr. Lin at MediStem that resulted in the
company s accelerated FDA clearance to begin clinical trials, which resulted in the sale of the company. 

Dr.
Lin received his postdoctoral training at the Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute and his MD and Ph.D. at the Xiangya Medical
School of Central South University, China. He has authored over 20 peer-reviewed scientific publications, including several in top journals
such as Science, Cell, and Cancer Cell. He holds several patents. 

Famela
Ramos Vice President Business Development 

Famela
Ramos is a Nurse, a Researcher, and a Politician. Famela was running for Congress in the 53nd Congressional District. Ms. Ramos came
to the United States from the Philippines at the age of two, when her father joined the United States Navy. Her parents worked tirelessly
to support the family of 5 children, all of which became successful entrepreneurs and Government Employees. As a nurse, Famela has experience
from the beginning of life, having practiced in pediatric nursing, to the end of life, having worked as a hospice nurse. Her excellence
in nursing and research is attested by 7 peer reviewed publications that she collaborated with Academy and Industry in advancing cutting
edge research in immunology and regenerative medicine. 

The
first paper, was a collaboration with the Moores Cancer Center and several biotechnology companies, describing the state of the art in
cancer immunotherapy, and proposing future directions. The second paper discussed the possibility of stimulating regeneration of injured
lung stem cells using specific types of laser and light based interventions, this was a collaboration between the University of Utah
and the University of California, San Diego. The third paper, a collaboration between a nutraceutical company and Indiana University,
demonstrated the beneficial effects of a nutritional supplement on circulating stem cells in healthy volunteers. The fourth publication
was the first successful use of two different types of stem cells in a patient with heart failure, which resulted in a profound improvement.
The fifth publication is a report of 114 patients that were treated with umbilical cord blood stem cells and demonstrated safety and
signals of efficacy in collaboration with a Chinese Biotech company. The sixth publication was successful treatment of a spinal cord
injury patient with stem cells. The seventh publication was the basis for an investigational new drug (IND) application to the FDA, describing
use of fat stem cells to treat aplastic anemia. 

Ms.
Ramos has established the Right to Try Foundation, which assists companies in utilizing this new law that allows for accelerated patient
access to experimental medication. Through this Foundation Ms Ramos facilitated the first utilization of a cancer vaccine in the United
States, and has been assisting both public and private companies. Most recently the Foundation has collaborated on filing new patents
for means of implementing the Right to Try Law. Ms. Ramos is a board member of Silent Voices, a Pregnancy Resource Center that provides
counselling to woman in emergency pregnancies, alternatives to abortion, and for woman that do choose abortion, post abortion support.
Ms. Ramos has been endorsed by business and community leaders as well as nationally known athletes including Dr. Peter Farrell, founder
of Resmed, a 18 billion company, and Wes Chandler, an NFL Hall of Fame San Diego Charger. 

29 

Information
with Respect to Our Board of Directors 

The
following is a brief description of the structure and certain functions of our Board of Directors. Each of the current directors is serving
until his respective successor is duly elected, subject to earlier resignation. We do not have standing audit, compensation or nominating
committees of our Board of Directors. However, the full Board of Directors performs all of the functions of a standing audit committee,
compensation committee and nominating committee. 

Audit
Committee Related Function 

We
do not have a separately designated standing audit committee in place. Our full Board of Directors currently serves in that capacity.
This is due to the small number of members of our Board of Directors, the small number of executive officers involved with our company,
and the fact that we operate with few employees. Our Board of Directors will continue to evaluate, from time to time, whether a separately
designated standing audit committee should be put in place. We do not have an audit committee charter. 

The
Board of Directors reviews with management and the Company s independent public accountants the Company s
financial statements, the accounting principles applied in their preparation, the scope of the audit, any comments made by the
independent accountants upon the financial condition of the Company and its accounting controls and procedures and such other
matters as the Board of Directors deems appropriate. Because our common stock is traded on the OTC Markets Pink Sheet, we are not
subject to the listing requirements of any securities exchange regarding audit committee related matters. 

The
Board of Directors consisted of two directors: Mr. Dixon and Dr. Ichim. Because we do not have an audit committee at all, we disclose
that we do not have any audit committee financial expert serving on an audit committee. 

Compensation
Committee Related Function 

We
do not currently have a standing compensation committee, and do not have a compensation committee charter. The full Board of Directors
currently has the responsibility of reviewing and establishing compensation for executive officers and making policy decisions concerning
salaries and incentive compensation for executive officers of the Company. 

The
Company s executive compensation program is administered by the Board of Directors, which determines the compensation of
the Chief/Executive Officer/President and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. In reviewing the compensation of the individual
executive officers, the Board of Directors considers the recommendations of the Chief Executive Officer, other market information and
current market conditions, as well as any existing employment agreements with them. 

Nominating
Committee Related Function 

We
do not currently have a standing nominating committee. We have not adopted procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees
to serve on our board of directors. 

SCIENTIFIC
ADVISORY BOARD 

The
following are members of the Company s Scientific Advisory Board as of December 31, 2022: 

Dr.
Santosh Kesari is a board-certified neurologist and neuro-oncologist and is currently Chair, Department of Translational Neuro-Oncology
and Neurotherapeutics, John Wayne Cancer Institute. 

He
is also Director of Neuro-Oncology, Providence Saint John s Health Center and Member, Los Angeles Biomedical Research Institute.
Dr. Kesari is ranked among the top 1 of neuro-oncologists and neurologists in the nation, according to Castle Connolly Medical Ltd and
an internationally recognized scientist and clinician. He is a winner of an Innovation Award by the San Diego Business Journal. He is
on the advisory board of American Brain Tumor Association, San Diego Brain Tumor Foundation, Chris Elliott Fund, Nicolas Conor Institute,
Voices Against Brain Cancer, and Philippine Brain Tumor Alliance. He has been the author of over 250 scientific publications, reviews,
or books. He is the inventor on several patents and patent applications, and founder and advisor to many cancer and neurosciences biotech
startups. 

Dr.
Kesari has had a long-standing interest in cancer stem cells and studies their role in the formation of brain tumors and resistance to
treatment. He believes that in order to cure patients with brain tumors we first need to gain a better molecular and biological understanding
of the disease. A physician/scientist, Kesari harnesses his experience in surgery, chemotherapy, immunotherapy, radiation therapy and
novel devices to help develop Precision Therapeutic Strategies that will advance medicine to a new stage in the battle against brain
tumors and eradicate the disease. 

30 

Dr.
Francesco Marincola joined Kite in 2021 as Global Head of Cell Therapy Research. Before joining Kite, Francesco was President and
Chief Scientific Officer at Refuge Biotechnologies where responsible for the development and implementation of research and clinical
development strategies for adoptive cell therapy products and lead therapeutic programs based on nuclease deactivated CRISPR circuits.
He is also a National Institutes of Health (NIH) tenured senior investigator in cancer immunotherapy and biomarker research, and spent
23 years at the NIH, including 15 years as the Chief of the Infectious Disease and Immunogenetics Section at the NIH Clinical Center.
Previously, he also served as a distinguished research fellow in immune oncology discovery at AbbVie and as Chief Research Officer at
Sidra Research in Doha, Qatar. 

The
former President of the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC; 2013-2014), Francesco currently serves as Editor-in-Chief for several
prominent peer-reviewed publications, including Journal of Translational Medicine, Translational Medicine Communications and Immunotherapy,
and is the author of more than 600 peer-reviewed publications. He has edited several books including the SITC-affiliated Cancer Immunotherapy
Principles and Practice Textbook. 

Dr.
Donald Banerji is a Clinical development professional with 33 years of global clinical research and development experience
(Phase I-IV) in the pharmaceutical industry. Recently retired from Novartis as Global Clinical Development Head of Respiratory and
Allergy Medicine. Recognized by peers and external scientific community as an expert in pulmonary and allergy drug development
bringing several iconic brands to market with millions of patients benefitting from treatment through improving care and outcomes
for patients with respiratory diseases. Managed multidisciplinary teams in the filing of several new drug applications.
Responsibilities included strategic and tactical planning, regulatory interactions with global health authorities, appropriate
resource and budgetary management and timely execution, approval of high-quality large drug development programs and delivery of
groundbreaking data. These global programs over a span of 3 decades resulted in the approval and competitive labeling of 14
innovative medicines, including 3 inhaled steroids for asthma, a triple combination of 2 bronchodilator and an inhaled steroid for
asthma, 3 non-steroidal inhaled controller drugs for asthma, 3 intranasal steroids for allergic rhinitis and 4 bronchodilator drugs
for COPD. Signature achievements at Novartis included first to market with the development and approval of the first to market
inhaled dual combination medicine in COPD (Ultibro) and the first to market triple combination medicine in asthma (Enerzair). With
reimagining medicine as a core driver, these treatments changed the practice of medicine and were incorporated in global treatment
guidelines for COPD and asthma. Recipient of numerous corporate awards including the highest scientific award of Distinguished
Scientist 2016 for pioneering work in COPD. Published over 400 primary manuscripts and abstracts, including the landmark study FLAME
in NEJM. 

Francisco
Silva joined BRT (BioRestorative Therapies, Inc.) in April 2011 and is Vice President of Research and Development. Mr. Silva is responsible
for all laboratory operations and is involved in the development and growth of our stem cell programs. Mr. Silva previously served as
Chief Executive Officer of two companies engaged in the commercialization of human-based biologics for both research and therapeutic
applications. 

From
2003 to 2007, Mr. Silva was Vice President of Research and Development for PrimeGen Biotech LLC, a company engaged in the development
of cell-based platforms. He was responsible for the development of experimental designs that focused on germ line reprogramming stem
cell platforms. Mr. Silva has taught courses in biology, anatomy and advanced tissue culture at California State Polytechnic University.
He has obtained a number of patents relating to stem cells and has had numerous articles published with regard to stem cell research. 

Mr.
Silva graduated from California State Polytechnic University with a degree in Biology. He also obtained a Graduate Presidential Fellowship
and MBRS Fellowship from California State Polytechnic University. 

Dr.
Boris Reznik is the Chairman of Venvalo Group, a venture value optimization firm. During his career, Dr. Reznik founded and built
technology companies into market leaders and successfully dealt with both Fortune 500 and emerging companies as clients and partners.
He has been a lead or co-investor in startups and mid-market firms and has participated in M A transactions ranging from Millions
to Billions. Dr. Reznik has a depth of experience in processes and systems and a unique perspective in the drug and device development
world. As the Chairman of BioRASI, a global CRO, he led development of novel therapeutics, from filing INDs to getting approved NDAs,
for companies ranging from startups to Big Pharma. 

Dr.
Boris Minev is a highly accomplished physician-scientist with extensive industrial and academic experience in Immuno-Oncology, oncolytic
viruses and stem cell biology and applications. He has a significant track record in tumor immunology and cancer vaccine development,
having worked closely on the development of the first cancer vaccine to be approved by a regulatory body (Melacine). Dr. Minev has also
extensive expertise in immunotherapy clinical trial designs, logistics, and regulatory issues. He has a considerable supervision 
management experience in industrial and academic settings and has excellent skills in biotech business development, communication, and
collaboration. Previously he held a position as the Director of Immunotherapy and Translational Oncology at Genelux Corporation, where
he was directing several preclinical and translational projects on oncolytic virotherapy, immunotherapy, and nanotechnology. 

31 

Dr.
Minev is also an adjunct professor at the Moores UCSD Cancer Center. There, he served previously as Principal Investigator and Director,
Laboratory of Tumor Immunology and Immunotherapy where, for more than 15 years, his research has been focused on the discovery of new
target antigens for immunotherapy of cancer and the development of optimized cancer vaccines. Prior to that, Dr. Minev worked in Dr.
Steven Rosenberg s Tumor Immunology Section at the Surgery Branch of the National Cancer Institute. 

Dr.
Minev is an Advisory Board Member of the European Society for Translational Medicine (EUSTM). He is a member of the Scientific and Clinical
Advisory Boards of several biotechnology companies and has been an advisor for Amgen, Johnson Johnson, Geron Corporation, McKinsey
Consulting and Thomson Current Drugs, among others. He is the recipient of the European Association of Cancer Research Fellowship and
the Fogarty International Fellowship. 

Dr.
Pablo Guzman is a cardiologist in Fort Lauderdale, Florida where he is on staff at Holy Cross Hospital. He received his medical degree
from University of Puerto Rico School of Medicine and his Cardiology Fellowship at The Johns Hopkins Hospital where he then spent the
first part of his career continuing his basic science and clinical research along with his clinical duties. His CV includes over 25 papers
published in peer-reviewed journals and more than 15 abstracts. 

He
is a Fellow of the American College of Cardiology and practiced for more than 30 years. Dr. Guzman is well experienced in basic and clinical
research, having participated in many clinical trials. He is also the acting Chief Medical Officer of Variant Pharmaceuticals, a Specialty
Pharma company developing treatments for kidney diseases. 

Dr.
Juergen Winkler is presently practicing at Quantum Functional Medicine in Carlsbad, CA, which he founded in July of 2012. In 2005
he was the co-founder of Genesis Health Systems (Integrative Cancer and Medical Treatment Center) located in Oceanside, CA. He has been
a featured speaker for: the NSCC Women s Health Seminar, Annual IPT/IPTLD Integrative Cancer Care Conference (Multiple years),
Health Freedom Expo 2011 2012, the Japanese Society of Oxidative Medicine in Osaka Japan, ACOSPM 2010 2011 conferences, NSCC
Health and Wellness Series 2013, and various other events. He is the physician author of Chapter 5 in the Defeat Cancer book and has
been a featured physician in the Townsend Letter. 

Dr.
Nassir Azimi is a cardiologist in La Mesa, California and attended Dartmouth Medical School and completed his residency at the University
of Colorado. He finished his four year fellowship in Cardiovascular and Peripheral Interventions at Yale University in New Haven. Dr.
Azimi has been in private practice for over 13 years establishing a thriving clinical practice for cardiac patients as well as treating
patients for peripheral vascular disease. He is active in Interventional Cardiology and Peripheral Interventions. Dr. Azimi is the director
of La Mesa Cardiac Center s Nuclear Cardiology Laboratory. He is also an investigator in multiple clinical research studies for
various cardiac and peripheral diseases. He has been recognized as San Diego s Top Interventional Cardiologists by San Diego Magazine
2013,2014,2016, 2017 and also by Castle Connoly for 2013, 2014, 2015,2016, 2017, and 2018. He is a former chief of biomedical ethics
(6 years), former chief of Medicine and former chief of Endovascular Medicine as well as Vice Chief of Cardiology at SGH. He is on the
board of directors of the California ACC where he serves as chair of the public relations committee. He is on Editorial Review Board
for multiple medical journals. He is a national speaker on various topics in cardiology and internal medicine. 

Dr.
James Veltmeyer is a board-certified family physician in La Mesa, California. A graduate of UC San Diego and the Ross University
School of Medicine, he completed his residency through the UC San Francisco system where he became Chief of Family Medicine Residency,
overseeing 36 doctors. Dr. Veltmeyer, a member of the San Diego Critical Care Medical Group, has been elected for four years (2012, 2014,
2016, and 2017) by his colleagues in the San Diego County Medical Society as a Physician of Exceptional Excellence, the
most prestigious honor awarded to a Top Doctor in San Diego County. He is among a select group of San Diego physicians
who was chosen four of the last fifteen years and he consistently ranks in the top 1 to 2 for patient satisfaction. He is currently
the Chief of the Department of Family Medicine at Sharp Grossmont Hospital where he provides senior leadership to over 200 doctors. 

Dr.
Barry Glassman , DMD, DAAPM, DAACP, FICCMO, Diplomate ABDSM, FADI, is a Diplomate of the American Academy of Craniofacial Pain and
the American Academy of Pain Management, as well as a Fellow of the International College of Craniomandibular Orthopedics and the Academy
of Dentistry International, he is also on staff at the Lehigh Valley Hospital where he serves as a resident instructor of Craniofacial
Pain and Dysfunction and Dental Sleep Medicine. 

Dr.
Glassman is a Diplomate of the Academy of Dental Sleep Medicine. He is on the staff at the Sacred Heart Hospital Sleep Disorder Center,
as well as serving as the Chief Dental Consultant to three other sleep centers in the Lehigh Valley. A popular and dynamic speaker, Dr.
Glassman lectures internationally, as well as throughout the United States. In addition to his extensive schedule which includes guest
lecture appearances and in-depth courses on joint dysfunction, chronic pain, headache, sleep disorders, and migraine headache, Dr. Glassman
is a frequent speaker at major chronic pain and joint dysfunction professional conferences. A graduate of the University of Pittsburgh:
Bachelor of Science 1969, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania University of Pittsburgh School of Dental Medicine; D.M.D. 1973, Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
Post Graduate Hours in Craniomandibular Dysfunction and Sleep Disorders: Over 2500 

32 

J.
Christopher Mizer founded Vivaris in June of 1998. Vivaris (formerly Lake Erie Capital) invests in and acquires middle-market businesses
in a broad range of industries that are leaders in their market niches. Mr. Mizer serves as the chairman of each of the portfolio companies
and guides key strategic decisions and their execution. He also serves as the operating president on an interim basis when companies
are going through periods of ownership succession and new management team members are being assembled. 

Mr.
Mizer is a former Vice President and Officer of the investment banking division of Key Capital Markets, where he focused on merger, acquisition,
and financing projects for Fortune 500 clients, private companies, and successful entrepreneurs. Prior to joining Key Corp., he was Consultant
in the Capital Markets practice with Ernst Young. He began his career as a Research Assistant with The Center for Economic Issues,
a think-tank focused on economic development. He earned the B.S. (biology, applied math), B.A. (economics), M.S. degrees (biology 
neurogenetics), and MBA (finance, accounting) degrees from Case Western Reserve University. Mr. Mizer has taught business strategy, finance
and entrepreneurship at the graduate level at Case Western Reserve University, John Carroll University, and the University of California,
San Diego and at the undergraduate at San Diego State University. 

Howard
Leonhardt is an inventor and serial entrepreneur. He has 21 U.S. patents with over 100 patent claims for products for treating cardiovascular
disease and has over 40 new patent claims pending. His TALENT (Taheri-Leonhardt) stent graft developed in the early 1990 s holds
a leading world market share for repairing aortic aneurysms without surgery. 

His
inventions have treated over 500,000 patients in 60 countries. In early 1999 Leonhardt founded Bioheart, Inc. www.bioheartinc.com a
leader in applying adult muscle stem cells to treat heart failure.. Leonhardt holds a Diploma in International Trade from Anoka
Technical College. He attended the University of Minnesota,Anoka Ramsey College and UCLA Extension. He holds an honorary Doctorate
in Biomedical Engineering from the University of Northern California and is an honorary alumnus of the University of Florida and
Florida International University. He is co-leader of Startup California and Founder and Chairman of The California Stock Exchange TM
(Cal-X) preparing to be the first social good impact stock exchange currently operating the Cal-X 30 Social Good Impact fund powered
by Motif Investing- www.calstockexchange.com He founded Cal-X Crowdfund Connect www.calxcrowdfund.com a crowdfunding
campaign management co. and Cal-X Stars Business Accelerator, Inc.www.calxstars.com a business incubator and accelerator focused on
cardiovascular life sciences and social good impact innovations. 

There
are 30 regenerative medtech and regenerative economy startups in the current portfolio class. His Leonhardt Ventures angels network has
raised and put to work over 145 million in 32 companies to date, most of them founded by Leonhardt. BioLeonhardt www.bioleonhardt.com
is developing the first implantable programmable and re-fillable stem cell pump. He leads CerebraCell for brain regeneration. EyeCell
for eye regeneration and AortaCell for aorta regeneration and number of other organ regeneration spin offs from his patented core technologies.
Leonhardt serves as state spokesperson in California for the JOBS ACT and Crowdfunding for Startup California and has given over 40 speeches
on the subject. He has operated Leonhardt s Launchpads NorCal at the University of Northern California Science Technology
Innovation Center in Rohnert Park, CA since 2008 and recently opened Leonhardt s Launchpads Utah in Salt Lake City just off the
campus of the University of Utah. He has served on the Board of Directors of the University of Northern California, a private biomedical
engineering school, since 1999. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our
equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other of
our equity securities. Officers, directors and greater than 10 stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies
of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

To
our knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021,
all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were complied with. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics for our principal executive and financial officers. Our Code of Ethics was filed as an Exhibit to our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2010. We hereby undertake to provide a copy of this Code of Ethics to any person, without charge,
upon request. Requests for a copy of this Code of Ethics may be made in writing addressed to: Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc.,
4093 Oceanside Blvd, Suite B, Oceanside, California 92056, Attn: Corporate Secretary. 

33 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table summarizes the compensation paid, with respect to years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for services rendered to us
in all capacities, to each person who served as an executive officer of the Company. 

Name
 and Principal 
 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 Option 
 Awards 
 Nonequity 
 Incentive Plan Compensation 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Timothy
 G. Dixon 
 2022 
 240,000 
 - 
 140,800 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 380,800 
 
 President,
 CEO and CFO 
 2021 
 227,000 
 - 
 367,600 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 594,600 

Dr.
 James Veltmeyer 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 25,100 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 25,100 
 
 Chief
 Medical Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 32,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 32,000 

Feng
 Lin 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 25,100 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 25,100 
 
 Chief
 Scientific Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 32,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 32,000 

Famela
 Ramos 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 25,100 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 25,100 
 
 Vice
 President 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 79,300 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 79,300 

(1) 
 120,000 was accrued and 67,400 paid with stock as of December 31, 2022 

(2) 
 120,000 was accrued and paid with stock as of December 31, 2021 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

None 

Employment
Agreements 

We
do not have any employment agreements as of December 31, 2022. 

Director
Compensation 

When
our employees serve on our Board of Directors, we do not give them any additional compensation in respect of such Board service. Directors
currently serve without compensation. 

ITEM 12 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, information regarding the ownership of the Company s outstanding shares of
common stock by (i) each person known to management to own, beneficially or of record, more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our
common stock, (ii) each director of the Company, (iii) each executive officer of the Company, and (iv) all directors and executive officers
as a group. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 2,617,390,830 shares of our common stock were outstanding. 

Name of Beneficial Owners 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Shares Outstanding 
 
 Timothy G. Dixon (1) 
 280,811,471 
 10.73 
 
 Thomas E. Ichim (2) 
 114,000,000 
 4.35 
 
 Feng Lin 
 50,000,000 
 1.91 
 
 Famela Ramos 
 4,000,000 
 0.15 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (2 persons) (1)(2) 
 448,811,471 
 17.15 

1) Under
 SEC rules (i) a person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of shares if that person has,
 either alone or with others, the power to vote or dispose of those shares. The persons named
 in the table have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially
 owned by them, subject to community property laws where applicable. 

34 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Our
Board of Directors currently consists of two directors, one of whom is an officer of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 we disclose
that we had no independent directors. 

In
general, it is our policy to submit all proposed related party transactions (those of the kind and size that may require disclosure under
Regulation S-K, Item 404) to the Board of Directors for approval. The Board of Directors only approves those transactions that are on
terms comparable to, or more beneficial to us than, those that could be obtained in arm s length dealings with an unrelated third
party. Examples of related party transactions covered by our policy are transactions in which any of the following individuals has or
will have a direct or indirect material interest: any of our directors or executive officers, any person who is known to us to be the
beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock, and any immediate family member of one of our directors or executive officers or
person known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock. 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Representatives
of our principal accountants, Fruci Assoicates II, PLLC, will be available for the current year and for the most recently completed
fiscal year at the stockholder s meeting to provide the financial statements and be available for questions. At this time, we are
not planning to have a stockholder s meeting. 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed to us by our principal accountants, Fruci Associates II, PLLC for auditing and accounting services for fiscal
year 2022 was 66,100 (inclusive of the review of the quarterly reports on Form 10 Q) and for year 2021 was 61,600. 

Audit-Related
Fees, Tax Fees and All Other Fees 

There
were no fees billed to us by our principal accountant for fiscal year 2022 and 2021 for assurance and related services (audit-related
fees), tax services or other products and services. 

Audit
Committee Matters 

We
do not have an audit committee. The executive officers and BOD perform the role of the audit committee. The executive officers and BOD
review and approve the audit. The audit fees were 100 and the audit related fees were 0 of the total fees and were approved by the
executive officers and BOD. 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

a) The following documents have been filed as a part of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K 

1. 
 Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6 

2. Financial
 Statement Schedules. 

All
schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required or because the required information is included in the Financial
Statements or the Notes thereto. 

3. Exhibits. 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

EXHIBIT 
 NUMBER 
 
 DESCRIPTION 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 
 3.1.1 
 
 Certificate of Merger, filed February 22, 2011 

3.1.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed October 15, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Form 8-K, filed on October 17, 2012) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated herein by reference to Form SB-2, filed on November 21, 2007) 
 
 3.2.1 
 
 Bylaws amendments adopted August 22, 2012, August 24, 2012 and September 26, 2012 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a 14(a)/Section 302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a 14(a)/Section 302 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350/Rule 13a 14(b) 

35 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

THERAPEUTIC
 SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Timothy G. Dixon 

Timothy
 G. Dixon 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 

Date: 
 March
 29, 202 3 

By: 
 /s/
 Thomas E. Ichim 

Thomas
 E. Ichim 

Director 

Date: 
 March
 29. 202 3 

36 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. the Company as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit, and cash
flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit, net losses, and negative cash flows from operations. These factors,
among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

March
 29, 2023 

F- 1 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use asset 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable-related parties 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Lease liability 

Notes payable, current portion 

Convertible notes payable, net of discount of and , at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Notes payable-related parties, net 

Derivative liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

Notes payable, net of current portion 

Lease liability, net of current portion 
 - 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Shareholders Equity (Deficit): 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Shares to be issued 
 
 - 
 
 Subscription receivable 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity (deficit) 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Net sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Salaries, wages, and related costs 

Consulting fees 

Legal and professional fees 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Loss on derivative liabilities 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Interest expense 

Other expense 
 
 - 
 
 Total other income (expense) 

LOSS BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Sharehold rs Deficit 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Issued 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Shares to be 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Issued 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for prepaid fees 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for salaries 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for land development 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for conversion of convertible notes, accrued interest and derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Relief of derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for prepaid fees 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for salaries 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for license 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for conversion of convertible notes, accrued interest and derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of preferred stock 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Balance 
 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation to consultants 

Stock-based compensation to related parties 

Loss on derivative liabilities 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Amortization of prepaid stock-based compensation 

Amortization of debt discount 

Patent amortization 

Depreciation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Right-of-use asset 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related parties 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 - 

Deposits 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Payments on notes payable to related party 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Payments on notes payable 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing transactions: 

Original issuance discount on convertible notes payable 

Debt discount recorded in connection with derivative liability 

Common stock issued in conversion of convertible notes payable and interest 

Property and equipment purchased with note payable 
 - 

Common stock issued for prepaid fees 

Common stock issued for accrued salaries 

Accrued interest added to principal 

Common stock issued for license 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for land development 
 - 

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to the
 consolidated balance sheets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the consolidated
 statements of cash flows: 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Notes to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

under the name Friendly Auto
Dealers, Inc., under the laws of the State of Nevada. In the first quarter of 2011 the Company changed its name from Friendly Auto Dealers,
Inc. to Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc., and acquired Splint Decisions, Inc., a California corporation. 

Business
Description 

Currently,
the Company is focused on immune modulation for the treatment of several specific diseases. Immune modulation refers to the ability to
upregulate (make more active) or downregulate (make less active) one s immune system. 

Activating
one s immune system is now an accepted method to treat certain cancers, reduce recovery time from viral or bacterial infections
and to prevent illness. Additionally, inhibiting one s immune system is vital for reducing inflammation, autoimmune disorders and
allergic reactions. 

TSOI
is developing a range of immune-modulatory agents to target certain cancers, schizophrenia, suicidal ideation, traumatic brain injury,
lung pathologies, and for daily health. 

Cellular
Division TSOI obtained exclusive rights to a patented adult stem cell for development of therapeutics in the area of chronic
traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) and traumatic brain injury (TBI) and Lung Pathology (LP). 

The
stem cell licensed, termed JadiCell is unique in that it possesses features of mesenchymal stem cells, however, outperforms
these cells in terms of a) enhanced growth factor production; b) augmented ability to secrete exosomes; and c) superior angiogenic and
neurogenic ability. 

Chronic
Traumatic Encephalopathy (CTE) is caused by repetitive concussive/sub-concussive hits to the head sustained over a period of years and
is often found in football players. The condition is characterized by memory loss, impulsive/erratic behavior, impaired judgment, aggression,
depression, and dementia. In many patients with CTE, it is anatomically characterized by brain atrophy, reduced mass of frontal and temporal
cortices, and medial temporal lobe. TSOI has previously filed several patents in the area of CTE based on modulating the brain microenvironment
to enhance receptivity of regenerative cells such as stem cells. On March 4, 2021 the Company received an IND Serial # 27377 for a clinical
trial of 10 patients with CTE. 

On
Augus t 4th, 2021, the Company announced clearance from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to initiate a Phase III pivotal
trial for registration of the Company s JadiCell universal donor stem cell as a treatment for COVID-19 associated
lung failure under IND # 19757. In previous studies the Company has demonstrated the superior activity of JadiCell to other types
of stem cells including bone marrow, adipose, cord blood, and placenta. Furthermore, 

In
addition, the Company has filed data with the FDA, as part of IND #17448, which demonstrated that treatment of cancer patients with StemVacs 
resulted in enhanced activity of a type of immunological cell called natural killer cells, otherwise known as NK
cells. 

The
Company has also developed an allogenic version of StemVacs and has filed patents to cover activating universal donor immune system cells
called dendritic cells in a manner so that upon injection they reprogram the body s NK cells. 

Most
recently the Company announced filing of a patent for a new hybrid cell created by the Company capable of training the immune system
to kill blood vessels feeding cancer, but sparing healthy blood vessels. These discoveries are an extension of previous findings from
the Company showing that StemVacs is capable of suppressing new blood vessel production. 

On
May 9, 2022, the Company filed an Investigational New Drug Application for Treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)
Using JadiCell Universal Donor Adult Stem Cells under IND Serial # 28508. 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Notes to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Management
does not expect existing cash as of December 31, 2022 or as of March 31, 2023 to be sufficient to fund the Company s operations
for at least twelve months from the issuance date of these financial statements. These financial statements have been prepared on a going
concern basis which assumes the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company has incurred losses totaling million since inception, has not yet generated material revenue
from operations, and will require additional funds to maintain its operations. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the consolidated financial statements are issued. The Company s ability
to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate future profitable operations and obtain the necessary financing
to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they become due. The Company intends to
finance operating costs over the next twelve months through its existing financial resources and we may also raise additional capital
through equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and/or licensing arrangements. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable
terms, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or curtail, our operations. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that
might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Notes to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
2 Basis of presentation and significant accounting policies (Continued) 

Purchase
Price Payments. 

Inspection
of Goods Rejection. Buyer is entitled to inspect the Goods upon delivery. If the Goods are unacceptable for any reason, Buyer
must reject them at the time of delivery up to five (5) business days from the date of delivery. If Buyer has not rejected the Goods
within five (5) business days from the date of delivery, Buyer shall have waived any right to reject that specific delivery of Goods.
In the event Buyer rejects the Goods, Buyer shall allow Seller a reasonable time to cure the deficiency. A reasonable time period shall
be determined by industry standards for the particular Goods, as well as the Seller and Buyer. 

Risk
of Loss. Risk of loss will be on the Seller until the time when the Buyer accepts delivery. Seller shall maintain any and all necessary
insurance in order to insure the Goods against loss at Seller s own expense 

Retail
policies of e-commerce: 

Returns.
 We will gladly accept the return of products that are defective due to defects in manufacturing and/or workmanship. Fulfillment mistakes
that may be made which result in the shipment of incorrect products to you will also be accepted for return. 

Shipping.
 Shipping Time Most orders will ship the next business day, provided the product ordered is in stock. Orders are not processed or
shipped on Saturday or Sunday, except by prior arrangement. We cannot guarantee when an order will arrive. Consider any shipping or transit
time offered to you by this site or other parties only as an estimate. We encourage you to order in a timely fashion to avoid delays
caused by shipping or product availability. Shipping for Amazon and Walmart are shipped to the fullfillment centers based on inventory
amounts. Orders are shipped to customers by the companies as ordered on their websites. 

Out
of Stock. We will ship your product as it becomes available. Usually, products ship by the next business day. However, there may
be times when the product you have ordered is out-of-stock, which will delay fulfilling your order. We will keep you informed of any
products that you have ordered that are out-of-stock and unavailable for immediate shipment. You may cancel your order at any time prior
to shipping. 

. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had in excess of the FDIC insured limit. 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Notes to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
2 Basis of presentation and significant accounting policies (Continued) 

As
a matter of policy, the Company does not invest in separable financial derivatives or engage in hedging transactions. However, the Company
entered into certain debt financing transactions in fiscal 2022 and 2021, as disclosed in Note 5, containing certain conversion features
that have resulted in the instruments being deemed derivatives. We evaluate such derivative instruments to properly classify such instruments
within equity or as liabilities in our financial statements. Our policy is to settle instruments indexed to our common shares on a first-in-first-out
basis. 

The
classification of a derivative instrument is reassessed at each reporting date. If the classification changes as a result of events during
a reporting period, the instrument is reclassified as of the date of the event that caused the reclassification. There is no limit on
the number of times a contract may be reclassified. 

Instruments
classified as derivative liabilities are remeasured using the Black-Scholes model at each reporting period (or upon reclassification)
and the change in fair value is recorded on our consolidated statement of operations. We recorded derivative liabilities of 
and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Issuance of new derivative liabilities 

Conversions 

Change in fair market value of derivative liabilities 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Issuance of new derivative liabilities 

Conversions 

Change in fair market value of derivative liabilities 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Notes to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

and , respectively, potential
common shares, consisting of shares underlying outstanding convertible notes payable were excluded as their inclusion would be antidilutive. 

and ,
respectively. 

and ,
respectively. 

and , respectively. 

and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Notes to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
2 Basis of presentation and significant accounting policies (Continued) 

as of December 31, 2022. 

certificate of deposit with an annual interest rate of . 

Insurance 

Prepaid costs 

Total 

Vehicles 

Computer hardware 

Office furniture and equipment 

Shipping and other equipment 

Total 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Deposit 

Licenses, net 

Total 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Notes to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Accumulated amortization 

Licenses, net 

Amortization
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

As
of June 1, 2019, we entered into a license agreement, which will be amortized over the life of the Patent. The Patent expires December
31, 2032. The Exclusive Patent License to the Jadi Cell is for use under the designated areas of CTE (Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy),
and TBI (Traumatic Brain Injury). The Jadi Cell is an cGMP grade and Research grade manufactured allogenic mesenchymal stem cells derived
from US Patent No.: 9,803,176 B2. Forward looking the Company intends to file an Investigational New Drug Application (IND) for brain
injured patients who have been intensively cared for and mechanically ventilated due to covid-19 illness and a second IND for CTE/TBI
as well in keeping with the spirit of the licensing agreement to advance the Jadi Cell through to FDA Approval for CTE/TBI. 

On
February 9, 2021, the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note (CPN) to JadiCell LLC that was never fully executed while the parties
worked to finalize the agreement that resulted in an Exclusive Patent License Agreement (EPLA) being executed on September 15, 2021.
Finally, a Settlement Agreement was entered into on February 23, 2022. On February 23, 2022, we issued 
 shares of common stock,
valued at 
 per share, for the EPLA,
with a final value of the license being recorded at .
The Patent expires . The Exclusive
Patent License to the Jadi Cell is for use under the designated areas of all applicable Lung Pathology. The Jadi Cell is an cGMP grade
and Research grade manufactured allogenic mesenchymal stem cells derived from US Patent No.: 9,803,176 B2 and will be amortized over
the 
 year life of the Patent.
As of March 25, 2022, we entered into a asset transfer and license agreement, which will be amortized over the life of the agreement.
The agreement is until . The Company
has made an initial payment of .
Within six months, the Company will make a second payment of 
 million. The agreement
is in default and the initial paymentof 200,000 was expensed to research development. 

with third parties for which the proceeds were used for operations. The Company received net proceeds of ,
and a 
original issuance discount was recorded. The convertible promissory notes incur interest at a rate of 
per annum and . 
The Company was required to reserve at December 31, 2022 a total of 
common shares in connection with these promissory notes. 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Notes to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
7 Convertible notes payable (continued) 

At
various times during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into convertible promissory notes with principal amounts
totaling 
with third parties for which the proceeds were used for operations. The Company received net proceeds of ,
and a 
original issuance discount was recorded. The convertible promissory notes incur interest at rates ranging from 
to 
per annum and . The Company was required to reserve at December 31, 2021 total of 
common shares in connection with these promissory notes. 

Derivative
liabilities 

These
convertible promissory notes are convertible into a variable number of shares of common stock for which there is not a floor to the
number of common stock we might be required to issue. Based on the requirements of ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging, the conversion
feature represented an embedded derivative that is required to be bifurcated and accounted for as a separate derivative liability.
The derivative liability is originally recorded at its estimated fair value and is required to be revalued at each conversion event
and reporting period. Changes in the derivative liability fair value are reported in operating results each reporting
period. 

For
the notes issued during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company valued the conversion features on the date of issuance resulting
in initial liabilities totaling . Since the fair value of the derivative was in excess of the proceeds received, a full discount
to convertible notes payable and a day one loss on derivative liabilities of was recorded during the year ended December 31,
2022. The Company valued the conversion feature using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: conversion
prices ranging from to , the closing stock price of the Company s common stock on the dates of valuation ranging
from to , an expected dividend yield of , expected volatilities ranging from - , risk-free interest rate ranging
from to , and an expected term of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, convertible notes principal plus their accrued interest totaling were converted into 
shares of common stock, of which are yet to be issued as of December 31, 2022. At each conversion date, the Company recalculated
the value of the derivative liability associated with the convertible note recording a gain (loss) in connection with the change in fair
market value. In addition, the fair value of the shares of common stock issued in excess or deficit of the pro-rata portion of the derivative
liability as compared to the portio of the convertible note converted was recorded as a loss or gain on derivative liabilities. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded to gain on derivative liabilities. The derivative liabilities were revalued
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: conversion prices ranging from to , the closing
stock price of the Company s common stock on the dates of valuation ranging from to , an expected dividend yield
of , expected volatility ranging from to , risk-free interest rates ranging from to , and expected terms ranging
from to years. 

On
December 31, 2022, the derivative liabilities on the remaining convertible notes were revalued at resulting in a gain of 
for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the change in fair value of the derivative liabilities. The derivative liabilities were
revalued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: exercise price of , the closing stock price
of the Company s common stock on the date of valuation of , an expected dividend yield of , expected volatility ranging
from to , risk-free interest rate of , and an expected term ranging from to years. 

For
the notes issued during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company valued the conversion features on the date of issuance resulting
in initial liabilities totaling . Since the fair value of the derivative was in excess of the proceeds received, a full discount
to convertible notes payable and a day one loss on derivative liabilities of was recorded during the year ended December 31,
2021. The Company valued the conversion feature using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: conversion
prices ranging from to , the closing stock price of the Company s common stock on the dates of valuation ranging
from to , an expected dividend yield of , expected volatilities ranging from - , risk-free interest rate ranging
from to , and an expected term of . 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Notes to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
7 Convertible notes payable (Continued) 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, convertible notes principal plus their accrued interest totaling were converted into 
shares of common stock. At each conversion date, the Company recalculated the value of the derivative liability associated with the convertible
note recording a gain (loss) in connection with the change in fair market value. In addition, the pro-rata portion of the derivative
liability as compared to the portion of the convertible note converted was reclassed to additional paid-in capital. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company recorded to additional paid-in capital. The derivative liabilities were revalued using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model with the following assumptions: conversion prices ranging from to , the closing stock price of the
Company s common stock on the dates of valuation ranging from to , an expected dividend yield of , expected
volatility ranging from to , risk-free interest rates ranging from to , and expected terms ranging from to 
years. 

On
December 31, 2021, the derivative liabilities on the remaining five convertible notes were revalued at resulting in a gain of
 for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the change in fair value of the derivative liabilities. The derivative liabilities
were revalued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: conversion prices ranging from to
 , the closing stock price of the Company s common stock on the date of valuation of , an expected dividend yield
of , expected volatility ranging from to , risk-free interest rate of , and an expected term ranging from to 
years. 

The
Company amortizes the discounts over the term of the convertible promissory notes using the straight line method which is similar to
the effective interest method. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company amortized and to
interest expense, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, discounts of remained for which will be amortized through December
2023. 

Note payable Scientific Advisory Board Member, unsecured, including interest at per annum, with a maturity date of 
 - 

One notes payable Chief Executive Officer, unsecured, including interest at and per annum, respectively, with maturity date of 

One note payable Chief Executive Officer, unsecured, no interest, paid from a of revenues 

Note payable Chief Financial Officer, unsecured, including interest at per annum, with a maturity date of 

Three notes payable Business Advisory Board Member, unsecured, including interest at and per annum, convertible into common stock at and , respectively, with maturity date of 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Notes to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

and ,
respectively. One of the officers settled with the company for a note payable that is unsecured on November 8, 2019 and doesn t
accrue interest and will be paid as 
of revenues. This decreased accrued officers salary. The note is still outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Payments
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

In
2021, we issued shares of common stock for of accrued salaries to one officer of the Company under a Restricted Stock
Award. 

On
June 18, 2021, we issued shares of common stock, to one officer and one director of the Company under a Restricted Stock Award
for . 

On
November 30, 2021, we issued 
shares of common stock to four officers and one director under a Restricted Stock Award for . 

In
2022, we issued shares of common stock for of accrued salaries to one officer of the Company under a Restricted Stock
Award. 

On
April 5, 2022, we issued shares of common stock, to four officers and one director of the Company under a Restricted Stock
Award for . 

On
September 8, 2022, we issued shares of common stock to one officer and one director under a Restricted Stock Award for . 

On
November 2, 2022, we issued shares of common stock to one director under a Restricted Stock Award for . 

On
December 30, 2022, we committed to issue shares of common stock, to four officers and one director of the Company under a
Restricted Stock Award for , which were subsequently issued on January 3, 2023. 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Notes to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

. The reconciliation of the provision
for income taxes at the United States federal statutory rate compared to the Company s income tax expense as reported is as follows: 

State tax 

Permanent differences 

Other 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

The
Company has Federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The Company has state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. The net operating loss carryforwards are available to offset taxable income in future years, of which approximately
 million . Net operating loss carrforwards incurred after 2018 are carried on indefinitely. 

As
of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, management does not believe the Company has any uncertain tax positions. Accordingly,
there are no recognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company is subject to tax in the United States and files tax returns in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction and California state jurisdiction.
The Company is subject to U.S. Federal, state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities starting in 2019. The Company currently
is not under examination by any tax authority. 

shares, comprised of shares of common stock, par value
 per share, and shares of preferred stock, which may be issued in various series from time to time and the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions of which shall be established by our board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, we have shares
of common stock and preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

In
2021, we issued shares of common stock for an investment in the Company s Private Placement of . 

In
2021, we issued shares of common stock, valued at for consulting services. 

In
2021, we issued shares of common stock, valued at for salaries. 

In
2021, we issued shares of common stock, valued at for land development. 

In
2021, we issued shares of common stock for the conversion of convertible notes of . 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Notes to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
11 Equity (continued) 

In
2022, we issued shares of common stock for an investment in the Company s Private Placement of . 

In
2022, we issued shares of common stock, valued at for consulting services. 

In
2022, we committed to issue shares of common stock, valued at for consulting services, which were issued on January
3, 2023. 

In
2022, we issued shares of common stock, valued at for salaries. 

In
2022, we issued shares of common stock, valued at for a license. 

In
2022, we issued shares of common stock, valued at for prepaid fees. 

In
2022, we issued shares of common stock for the conversion of convertible notes of . 

In
2022, we committed to issue shares of common stock for the conversion of convertible notes of , which were issued on
January 3, 2023. 

square feet and the amendment is for a term of months and expires on . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred rent expense of and . 

The
lease will expire in 2023. The weighted average discount rate used for this lease is (average borrowing rate of the Company). Maturities
of Leases were: 

Effective
November 8, 2019, the Company entered into a royalty agreement with one of the officers, refer to Note 9. 

shares of common stock for the partial conversion of for convertible note dated June 27,
2022. 

On
January 3, 2023, we issued shares of common stock, valued at per share, for consulting services. 

On
January 4, 2023, we issued shares of common stock for the complete conversion of for convertible note dated June
27, 2022. 

On
January 9, 2023, we issued shares of common stock for of accrued salaries. 

THERAPEUTIC
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Notes to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Note
14 Subsequent events (continued) 

On
January 9, 2023, we issued shares of common stock, valued at per share, for consulting services. 

On
February 6, 2023, we issued shares of common stock for the partial conversion of for convertible note dated August
2, 2022. 

On
February 7, 2023, we issued shares of common stock for the complete conversion of for convertible note dated August
2, 2022. 

On
February 21, 2023, we issued shares of common stock, valued at per share, for an investment in the Company s
Private Placement. 

On
or about March 21, 2023, the Board of Directors of Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. TSOI ), by unanimous approval,
and with the unanimous approval of the ,
pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes Section NRS 78.215, has approved a one-time dividend, to be awarded to stockholders of TSOI in subsidiary
Campbell Neurosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation CNSI ). To receive the dividend by future election you must hold TSOI
common at the market close of April 7, 2023. The dividend rate of conversion shall be for every share of TSOI common you will receive
 shares of CNSI. 

TSOI,
which owns of the shares of CNSI common stock, would like to issue a dividend consisting of shares of its
holdings in CNSI to Dividend Offer on April 8, 2023 Dividend Offer Date ). The Dividend Offer will remain open for
Ninety (90) days from the Dividend Offer Date . 

A
letter will be mailed to every shareholder of record details of how to accept the Dividend Offer and a fully pre-paid return acceptance
letter containing the necessary information for issuance. In addition, a Shareholder s Rights Agreement will be enclosed, an executed
copy to be returned with acceptance. 

Required
forms and documents shall be filed with FINRA describing the identity of the parties and the Dividend Offer timely. 

In
accordance with ASC 855, the Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31, 2022 through the date these financial statements
were issued, and has determined that it does not have any other material subsequent events to disclose in these financial statements. 

F- 18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Section
302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

I,
Timothy G. Dixon, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15 and 15d 15 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
March 29, 2023 

/s/
 Timothy G. Dixon 

Timothy
 G. Dixon 

President
 and Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Section
302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

I,
Timothy G. Dixon, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15 and 15d 15 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
March 29, 2023 

/s/
 Timothy G. Dixon 

Timothy
 G. Dixon 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

SARBANES-OXLEY
SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. (the Company for the year
ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy
G. Dixon, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated:
March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Timothy G. Dixon 

Timothy
 G. Dixon 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tsoi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tsoi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tsoi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tsoi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

